ZOOM Teeth Whitening Special!!! 2 for $400, FREE take home whitening trays!
I have a whole new respect for quilters...all that cutting and angles. Sew hard.
#NP "Like Someone In Love" Sarah Vaughan
Yes, nurturing the baby - and Steak 'n Shake would help. Babies like double bacon cheeseburgers and strawberry shakes.
I hate when a tv show has a really good plot but has horrible actors.
Thank you for the great lesson in succinct and powerful blogs and pitches! We're gearing up our pipeline of < 300 word posts!
I'm excited the Ohio date is going to work for you to come to!! We would love to see you & your friends at both dates!! :)
American Airlines is literally playing ambient music and splashing noises throughout the plane.
It was awesome!! The service and food was amazing.. we are going back monday, then going to look at Christmas lights! :)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!<3
Good Morning. The spirit of God in you cannot be defined in the dictionary sense, for consciousness is always beyond definition.
Word. Kesha is good at making noise, not music.
lol if you listen to Meek mill live freestyle and listen to flexing on his mixtape..same damn thing
omg: letter from 17yo John Romero to Jordan Mechner , 1985: "I, too, am a game programmer, albeit an unknown one."
There are two primary choices in life; to accept conditions as they exist, or accept the responsibility for changing them. ~Denis Waitley
you always take naps
Wouldn't have it any other way.
16 teams in the playoffs. 2 of the 3 teams I didn't want to go to the finals are going.
English 3 ap dc has never seen a better old man in macbeth.
RT The day you create today will speak volumes about the rest of your life. Create well!
finding out my hw is due next week not tomorrow
I wonder how many conflicts we imagine are ONLY imagined? My family is terrible about avoiding conflicts, imagined or otherwise. :(
I hear that!!! I have to sleep early... Vet in AM
'Even the best fall down sometimes."
Sweet! I'm going to wait until I actually go to one of those locations, though. Still only about 30 hours in :\
If everyone thinks its pretty good it probably won't work
who says I DON't have feathered hair?
Had a great time in the concert :-)
like him too! And how 'bout Neil Diamond? “: I'm more of a Tom Jones guy, myself.
Thoughts on SF, ? How does Google fare?
This is perfect smokin weather
Hot damn! You're on a roll!
Request Request Request: (Bad Bad Bitch)!!!
That profile seems fake, I don't think he would talk like that on his twitter.
- sorry, working tonight
and when you call them out on it, they complain that they actually KNOW about the game and ur like "then ur not a puck slut"
Listening to that old school b.w.a.
I have found it both ways. Some who are intimidated by other students' dominating classroom activities bloom online.
editing until Thursday.
Sluts make me giggle ☺
#20ThingsAboutMe 2. I love watching movies. (:
Got two job interviews tomorrow so happy..
Really, I cannot draw a straight line or take a good picture to save my life, now you on the other hand are very good.
Finishing touches getting ready for #ICNY - see you there!
bishop luers bishop dwenger and Jefferson got them yesterday
A million people wrapped around 46th street in the rain to see the Kartrashians.
cool it with the hash tags rookie
Exclusive on NBC 7 at 11.. Drag Show creates campus controversy at Catholic school.
Computing power in today’s cellphones is higher than all the computers that took Apollo 11 to the moon.
Wow, great pictures. We're glad you stopped by!
love love, its a beautiful thing
Great articles on Bain & Romney. It was driving me nuts that no free-enterprise defenders want to clarify the role of VC & PE
asap rocky school boy q joint. Its kinda reckless. I done fucked her once... some shit.
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!! We have so much to be grateful for!
JaVello reacts 2 sh*t like violent diarrhea resulting from explosive alien babies.
I should add..... I desperately want to go to at&t park. Look how awesome it is there!
ESPN sidebar: "Tiger's to lose, question mark?"
Good Luck & Rock Out tonight
Turned out to be a pretty interesting night =) After a 12+ hour shift... I'm tappin' out..
I've been a member since Nola
what are u talking about.
I just bought sum today too lol
Aw Lil Mama has a crush on Ian like me c:
Cool film audition this afternoon.
Camero SS. Black leather interior, black exterior, I want you.
Wow. Just attended a webinar so bad that I shut it down half way through!
i just read her feed. i cannot comprehend the amount of crazy.
Ha ha smh to bad I cant retweet lol
Tonight we are young, so let's set the world on fire and we can burn brighter than the sun <3
Nearly finished with Le Carre's Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy
Got the truck bak in motion now the only thing I don't miss is puttin gas in it smh
We look forward to seeing all of you! Liz, Ann, Dean, and Terry will be there, plus others.
Just like ladies don't like closet fags, men don't like closet rats
Hoping to win a few contests, like the one from & c:
a week later lol.
A good publicist...is strategic in her or his approach when working with media.
nice to have you here!!!
I'm enjoying Scandal
bitch I hate you(:
How do you feel about the consumers age meeting healthcare? Patients rating Hospitals instead of companies or Gov...
So, who picked themselves up a snazzy HD Radio on Black Friday? Anyone? Hello?
The market opens at 10am rain or shine!
Xmas Tweets: Mom agrees with some of Bill Maher's beliefs, but she can't look at him. His looks attract "strange birds!"
I can scrub seeing Al Green from my bucket list.although the moments of magic were overshadowed by too much Vegas revue schtick for my taste
I still dance at Broadway Dance Center in NYC and I'm going to restart my singing lessons soon (:
Win a 7 Day Stat To Puerto Rico! Visit www.onqnites.com for more information. #chicago #salsa #bachata RT
thanks for RT.
Media over uses the word "demons" talking about Whitney Houston.
Vegan ice cream and #Skyrim - what a wonderfully nerdy afternoon.
lol!! Damn, i hate onions as well, the smell alone is enough to chase me away!
#Kansas or #Missouri? Who do ya got?
Hi,I am new to seo and looking for some nice techniques which helps me can anybody share nice information with me.
F7 ends the inning.
Time for church && the gym.
Life is but a dream.
RT I just don't see how anyone can not like Santino... Of course he's Italian ...
aww this reminds me of high school high :)
it depends on how hungry you are!
Chris Stewart may be the most clutch Yankee on this team.
lol true xD but there's no way he's really working for Red John O.o
The GOP is a bunch of teabagger MORONS!!!!! Who cares what they think? We can do whatever we WANT!!!!!
Team Meeting Tuesday May 31st!!! email for details!!!
I've always hated yogurt. But tonight, I decided to be open-minded and give it another try. Still nasty.
makin graphics for my web site... updates in... some day.
I follow all of my followers
SENT YOU A DM PEACH :)
Gee which Guy Harvey should I wear today
Never giving up and pushing forward will unlock all the potential we are capable of.
Hunting down a bug where my VSTi won't load in FruityLoops Studio 10 under Windows XP(32).
sweet. Call me this time. Let's grab something to eat or you can come over.
Esther claims to represent users, brand owners claim to represent noncommercial interests, Senate makes fair use of Mickey & Donald.
two experts in one session tonight : breaking down social media & helping us with dance writing!
Thinking about oral history and digital preservation
poppin Melatonin like it's skittles..!! ps: this new layout is weird
I'll check it in a minute fam.
Firefighter on tv "I would just completely avoid Plymouth"
Good luck to Darla Harris tonight at WFC!
My first tweet from my new phone; how exciting! Well, exciting for me at least...I think I need to get a life!
thanks a ton for your feedback
yeah i get it! cos its all professionally done now with special mics and stuff! Yeahh
I never gave a fuck about anything unless it was : my education OR my gram .
You're welcome!! :)
Lol not really! It's near the salon where I am so I figured I would check-in for the heck of it.
cant wait for the game in a few weeks.... Til then it's time for
Two things can prevent this an updated resume and not getting married problem solved
im tryin to figure out how i got it. not been around anyone sick or suckin face w/anyone for months. lol
Congratulations to for winning the #Twitter #contest! Yay!!!
cool. Congrats!
Is 2GB's Alot Of Internet.?
I love your new Twitter tweet thru...love your site. You rock!
I prefer Simon Rattle's to Karajan's. More transparent, less fussy, just as brilliant.
RT : Baltimore's clever strategy? Repave major roads, make them easier to speed on, and line them with speed cameras. Revenue!
tx for RT Chas - obviously a cause and Post near and dear to my heart!
was calledback for THE MOTHER FU**ER WITH THE HAT written by Stephen Adly Guirgis to be directed by Tazewell Thompson up at TheatreWorks!
like its bad?!
Overnight his ass to me and I can start with knee caps...
Don't sit on your legal rights. Equity favors the vigilant. Call us today - 619.338.9500
workin'! ... sites in the works for and pro skier
Good morning Twitter friends! I'm up early it's a nice sunny day!! :)) ! I'm going to get my tweets caught up today!! Tweet you all later!
Its my turn
"A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him."
Theraflu hot liquids, two vitamin C tablets, 9 hrs of sleep, good to go.
I feel so FAT 😱
Who are you putting the blame on this month for the job losses? Bad data? American Idol distracting you from job creation?
I love how Rudy is asleep on the phone and he didn't hang up <3
aw! Are you grounded?
Thanks Enjoy your weekend. Spring us finally here - yay!
Rock you in your face, stab your brain with your nose bone.
welcome to the old Milly. Holler if you want to get some drinks tonight.
man shut up!
papastevesbars, thanks for following us on Twitter!
those are never real
This radio station playing classics
where are you from, girl? I'm following you, follow back? :)
Hang in there! Can't wait to see who medals this year!
So mad! Dont direct us to a door that your not gonna open !!!
This is so wonderful to hear! Thank you!
RT : Street food asia.. Delicious!
All this coming from a vegetarian
Gwen it was so fun to meet you yesterday at DBC! Hope to see you in NYC soon!
MOTHER OF GOD! they are seriously sho shtunning!
#Np J Cole ft Jay Z- Mr. Nice Watch
I WISH people liked metal that much around here. We're close enough to metal that we aren't as big as we could be in NY.
I think it's an amazing experience for each of us to get some new skin in the game + shake it up! U should def do it!
courtney just made this fat boy cry because she was yelling at him because he spilled juice all over me oh my god
After years of pandering to the crowd, #rockstarteacher reinvents himself by dusting off some standards with a series of teaching icons.
I need to get the fuck out of here
someone's going to be sleeping in a walking patch on teh couch tonight.
I hate being a poker dealer
little diva in training :')
Hey thx for the RT! I was surprised at the FB page likes too. Here I thought Lady Gaga was taking over, but it's Zynga!
English class: the place where books are written, read, & burned......
So I'm starting out Hardcore in #D3. Should be awesome loots.
PS3 & Xbox360 comparisons are missing a key element. A joystick. I have yet to play iOS game that responded 100% w/ virtual directional pad.
Remember - even though the tree is lit and Festival of Lights is over - you can still FestQuest until 11:59pm on 12/4. GREAT prizes!!...
roasted with some olive oil, salt & pepper, fresh garlic, thyme & oregano. They were delicious babies! cc
Talking about covering speakers? I had to cover up the speaker on the game Lucky Ducks because its so damn loud
I cant believe this
LOL, Word with Friends Live! Love it. I'm calling it that now.
Congrats ESM's just the beginning...keep fighting I will always have your back
if iBought you a Plane Ticket to Paris Would youu Go?(: But i'd Have to Tag Alongg ;D
Could Aspirin have other health benefits? Scientists are hard at work trying to determine if Aspirin could help prevent Type 2 Diabetes...
Work in progress
With a doubt,
When you have sex with someone for the first time, do you feel you are making an implicit commitment even if nothing is stated?
What restaurant is that from? looks delicious!
You really work at Initech, don't you? ;-)
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 42
" Just got a tattoo of a goat" nbd.
I'll bring the flashlights.
but after riding a bike for a year, there's still some idiots in cages that need to learn to drive.
haha I think I did
Time to put this game to bed and listen to some indie rock. See ya in Lawrence!
Loose ball foul on harden who flopped
wow, the animated .gif in glorious form. also, profound: "it's not lost ~ it's just wet"
great seeing you tonight!!hope all is going great for you-and hope next time I'll have more time to hang! xox
On the hunt for Galangal and Kaffir Lime Leaves ....
1 sheep 2 sheep 3 sheep almost time to wake up
ooh I want to be there! Could use a free drink right about now :)
Is swearing off chocolate and pizza
- every time I try to make meatloaf I think of my mom's... (she died when I was I was 10). Can't match it.
we got to do this college spring bling tour again Spring Bling 4th year!!
Take a look at this awesome website www.rlimaging.com
Maryland bans employers asking for your Facebook password
I signed it for her ok il support her
Mike Kerr has a trusty calendar on his computer!
It's always better than what I would have come up with had I tried to think it out completely first.
got you guys
yeah g2g byeess have nice sunday tomorrow
Man Durant needa cuss his team mates out everytime they dont give em the ball
“: retweet for a shout-out!😘” RT
how's your tummy today queer?
ideally, you should stretch before and after each workout. if you can't do both, then make the after stretching a priority
PEACE everybody be back tweeting ant 4:30 luv ya and remember
What lane on the highway do you prefer? Fast or Slow Lane?
Can I come to your happenin' party?
This is kinda awkward
I actually have two families. My beautiful family. And my beautiful Swifties<3
Stop and see us in Pasco while you are here, we'd love to chat about #innovation & what we're doing for entrepreneurs!
Nice. Congrats, Melissa.
#Brewers live box score is telling (and somewhat startling): 7 batting averages below .236 and 4 below .200. Only Braun & Lucroy immune.
Just because a person is out of sight and out of mind doesn't mean that you stop caring about the person...
Tom Barrett is without question the most pathetic politician I've ever seen in my life. Most ineffective mayor in history of Milwaukee..
It's Wednesday so you know what that means - Happy Hump Day New Friends!! Make it count! :-)
Why the fuck am I awake
Cookies...?: double choc, Chico chip, double chocolate sea salt, banana choco truffle, carry cake, potato chip, red velvet, peanut butter...
I need a good night sleep before this weekend..... I'm so sleep deprived
No! Was it Stuart Smalley-esque? RT : Did you see my message on your mirror in the dressing room?
I'm a versatile artist but I love south beats.
if i said yes, would that not be ok?
yup. encouraging for the future of museum ed, right? she's young too. hope you're enjoying nyc!
Order sent to Jennifer in WI!
Dear Stomach, You are not fulfilling your digestive duty to this country. Do you hate America? Love, Patriot Harrison Shulik
Had 2 follow This is one of the funniest pages on facebook. I wanted 2 see u in my TL too!!!!!
Think I'll have to do 95
Last man standing or running in this case wins the 500
I'm a harsh person lol
Happy Cinco de Mayo, Mario Gutierrez!
How's the bunny doin?
Don't use distance as an excuse not to work out. Join a club close to home or office.
I actually do, Will. Let me check and let you know.
"Why you eye'in nigga, proly off that hard liquor | all these bitches in the room and you steady fuckin with twitter"
Count is all screwed up in SD8. Going to be a long night. We still have a shot but odds not in our favor.
finalizing my 2012 budget today TRYING TO MAKE ROOM for a Florida trip this summer for and to doanother live
Sorry for the message tweet but my account for hack
Marks and Spencer model Suki Waterhouse embarks on a recording career
unedited teats on Tit-ter.
It's really cool that numbers go on FOREVER.
Book Of Norm: Friendster Will Be Bigger Than Facebook
thanks for checking it out!
I will do whatever I can to stop myself from being sick ever again. I can't do this :(
Rob Hanna Defeats Brice Kellem via Ref Stoppage after the 2nd Round to retain the Rocktagon MMA East Coast Regional Lightweight Championship
I'm in NYC won't be able to go, next time I'm in town I will!!
There are many organizations that presume that their communication levels are adequate
tweet me if you want a shoutout(:
He's a certified Mo-Town baller. He can wear what he wants!
You mean this generations' John Lennon?
Looking forward to the first of many in the SP kitchen/lounge tomorrow :) M #Macarons!
"Nothing will work unless you do." ~Maya Angelou
Rangel solicited corporations with business before Ways and Means to support his center at CCNY
haha, well that's good. I like to make people laugh :D
RT I told him don't be too happy. I'm after his job. He laughed. I was serious. <---- YES!!! Get em shawty
Of course you "don't eat raw fish" - you eat fish sticks.
Omg when 'crater face' chuckles omg.
Time for one more moderately unappealing experience and then Denny's.
I've been sleeping so poorly that I feel like I might be dying. This is not the jet ski gun fight with bank robbers I thought would end me.
Everyone go follow shes such a looser.(; JK just go follow her!!
What is your favorite product that DoGoodBuyUs currently features?
#wlc11 43% don't know or care who will be Republican presidential nominee
We are one day away from the First ever Pittsburgh Craft Beer Week, what kickoff event are you looking forward to tomorrow?
I am very excited for my interview on Tuesday. I cannot wait to meet everyone and check out the office!
#SometimesYouHaveTo do the hard thing because it's the right thing
easy answer: be like me and have a coffee pot in your office
Thanks for following.
that's a good way to go out
Waiting for the gym to open. Time to start the weekend off with things that are good for me!
Not close at all. That boy ain't known for his speed.
RT - I wonder how my life would be if I stayed in Jacksonville... S/o to the Jacksonville followers doe ! Are the ja...
A ship is safe in the harbor--but that is not what ships are for. ~ John Shedd
re: Jack DeJohnette & Newport...wow. Those were the days!
I was not built to break!
I'm about to throw mine out the window.
but we play a small part in the relationship tho
And I'm excited. Special guests promised.
You guys, my little sister informed me I wasn't OLD OLD until I was 24. That day has arrived.
awww. Thank you so much. Sweet of u to say. I'm gonna check out your site when I get to a computer :)
No. It was at our Firehouse, as in Firehouse No. 7 on SE 11th and Stark. Sorry! That hadn't even occurred to us.
You were hacked by someone selling weight-loss products.
Merci Thanks for following
RT : Already planning my Thursday evening. - are you ready for us? #bogobesties ///Ready and Waiting :)
Anytime buddy...more trax on the way RT : thanks man , ur tracks are going to rock it ..thanks for the hook up ..NBL
goodnight its time to go im tired
Hah. Indeed --much like his hair.
oh my, how are you only just going to bed, and I am already and you are 8hours ahead. Either I am sad or you are uber cool.1st
im a girl and idk how we started talking thru facebook... And you told me to follow you on twitter :)
and I'll forever remember you!<3
They lost to Butler last year
Oh oh oh! Happy Mothers Day to Gina & Dan Dan
Awesome snowfall here in Pgh! Thinking Skiing
Why is life so boring?
smh that would be bs let's hope it doesn't happen -.- ah vampire Elena can't wait! I still have to watch the last episode
I know there are different rules for bachelor party weekend, but a Stella this early = awesome.
good one. it was nothing directed towards you although I thought about you
Watched UP! with the fam tonight. So cute and heartwarming. Just makes you wish your dog could talk.
devil's in the details: & Amy Jones will discuss little HR slips that cause big problems at 's
You're welcome.
He can make me love something just by showing me the energy with which he loves it
RT : "don't raise your voice, improve your argument." Desmond Tutu's father RT
Perfect lunch left over hard boiled eggs and tuna... Yum!!!
love it
Hope you have a good day, I know I am 
Where u at?
Love the phrase "uncomfortable but not paralyzed" for describing the sweet spot of a successful class.
Sleep to dream, Goodnite :)
Thursday morning I will be presenting a discussion of option and compliance issues to the Nonprofit Fiscal Managers Association.
im Tyler, wbu??
Does anyone have an iPhone charger?
Helping his own cause. // RT Mark Buehrle gets into the act. RBI single to right makes it 6-0
aw thanks
thanks 4 da follow back back
i need to meet you & the boys before it is impossible to do so >.<
Ok we're ready for you Mr. Berlin!
Thanks, I'm enjoying your tweets!
WE WILL
WHY YOU TRYING TO MAKE ME FEEL SLOW!! HAHAH
You were made to break the mold
It's teacher appreciation week next week. What are your favorite gifts to give teachers? (and what is your fav gift to get, teachers?)
Kansas gave good fight but missed dunks freethrows turnovers are game killers. How many from Kentucky are going pro. Great
Still trying to figure out what merchant service would be best for me? Think I may need it this year, soon.
“: LOVE IT!!! Hope mine is awesome like yours!” It will be better I am geeking out:)
Do yourself a favor and watch
Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.
We just finished up making videos 4 a PSA (public service announcement) project. 4 human rights unit.
sim, e do twitter tbm hahaha
We don't have a statewide signature count yet. We would like to collect 60,000 signatures in March. Can you help?
There are so few who do not. We certainly like it.
act like a princess, look like barbie and smoke like marley
I had a dream that appeared to be the future last night....If that's true I'm screwed.lol
but yet she lets us call the german kidd in our class a nazi
Waiting to go to theovies with they guys
That sounds fun..I will try to make it...Thanks! ;)
ps need help w/ lighting? We just got a dope ass flag kit
are these all the languages you speak?
:: yep, happy to participate, email me deets!
Thrift is a great revenue. 倹約こそ最大の収入
Congratulations and enjoy NY
I'm legit crying.. He didn't deserve to go home..
Sitting here #doingnothing ....... :/
look forward to your #SocialMedia tweets!
But thankfully the music was still playing so, all is good.
Laura, Anything for you.
♥♥Yay! Im all happy now!♥♥
it's 60 and sunny here in Louisville!
School is as !
Super tired this morning, but getting up to do some community service for the homeless shelter For Miss Ethnic California
should come over today :D
The coolest place on earth! www.shastic.com! ;)
weird, vinnie actually looked good last night.
where the drug cartel war is at its worst. did you see that 43 people were decapitated and left on a high way in Monterrey
Waiting in customer service lines are the worst.
Meeting in building blocks away canceled
Nice!!! We are so glad we helped your husband to be healthier! ;)
going to bed in 5min
LDSFollowReTwitter: @ kellybranan: Hey, just showed up! It's a lunch for three: kellybranan"
It's illegal to own a red car in Shanghai, China.
Got upset with my mom cause she won't let me go to the show so shes taking me to get my belly button pierced.
oh no...where am I going?
Getcha popcorn ready C
Jimi Hendrix failed his high school music class. -- OMG Facts ()
Thanks! Good luck on your piece.
Coming home to a new car after the SATS is the best feeling in the world 😊
In the heart of Texas is Midland, Texas! We love our network there!
Thank you!
R. I. P. MCA!! Lyrical pioneer & genius gone but not forgotten!
OK - bought a lotto ticket. $5 to dream during my hour long commute home seems like a good investment.
its cold as fuck outside
I don't want to be rude or downplay your anxiety about the situation, but a next day appointment is actually really lucky.
Chocolate Chip Cookie Recipes Is there ever a bad time for chocolate chip cookies? I think not. But I especially like making them on week
Just when I thought this work week couldn't get better...it now will involve and some tater tots before it ends.
I have so many ideas for my personal blog. I'm just...so...ti....z z z
An reader offered to lend me a dress for an event tomorrow. It's official. Not all commenters are evil!
Boy, just hold me
Don't think I could make it through each day without my forgiving savior.
...that may be one of the most wonderful things anyone has ever said to me. No joke.
You know you're in a really good place in life when you can't remember the last time you were angry. :)
Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they've got a second.~William James
because who doesn't like to hear sweet stuff that makes you feel all googly and cute. umm hello
Yup, I'm actually the author of Deadline. Thanks for the good words.
I'm ready to see M. Ward and Black Keys for the first time live at #coachella today!
then put down the pipe!!
need you to try out your 70-200mm on me this weekend. Want to try it with #pocketwizards ?
I thought Goodell's violent hugs may inspire these young men to continue the fierce nature of the game.
About to get my hair done……Lol, I still don't know what I going to get :/
watching my shows :)
Silence, or ill put jellyfish poison in your doormat.
Those really are my niece and nephew. I know im goin to get somethin.
Did you close on your house yet?
#HurricaneIrene Predicted to strengthen to 120MPH Before Landfall
hey you!!
and isn't it kind of effed up that NOW when u hear it u be like "that's that song from 'The Cosby Show' episode"???
been listening to in #MTL and they have been saying it all morning.
Hows everyone doing? The Florida Cooper Point Street Team has 194 followers. Can we get more? Tell everyone ya know(:
I'm never coming home. I love Jamaica!!!!
Shout out to Fabulous Follows #FF and
I got my permit! :D
Damn dude hit that ground hard!
adam levine is amazing!!!
just listened to 12-6-97 bc its mr.miners favorite tweezer... you should go listen to that. definitely.
We are looking for the right Tech vc venture funding or private investment group to partner in web technology Chicago IL NYC NY Manhatten
"nosh"? Like, the Yiddish word for snacking?
My father passed away last night.
been texting all day...
I wanna get my associates degree so I'd put it towards a new computer
if we can only get you to use the right hashtags!
So the martial law test was playing Paparazzi by Lady Gaga in background, on direct tv at least. how appropriate.
Up early taking Brianna to Sunday church a school!⛪
Rolling along tonight and started reminiscing and then my eyes closed and then I remembered crap I'm driving...
“: #ICantStandPeople who ... wait, no I just can't stand people.”
I know what you mean - kinda hard to cram everything in to a byline :-) Thanks for the friendship!
ℱℴℓℓℴω - Tweets with blog posts, interesting videos and information for parents of teens and pre-teens :)
Shout put to all the nurses out there! Happy nurses appreciation week!
San Diego Home/Garden Lifestyles mag published 2 of my articles in Feb 11 edition; I'm one lucky freelancer
VOTE ASHLYNN DUVAL FOR STUDENT COUNCIL TOMORROW IN YOUR ENGLISH CLASS !! RT THIS TWEET
#IDoNotUnderstand why let's me eat Deluxe Grahams Cookies! That are obviously not good for me.
Pace Siegfried Zielinski, can we have a magical approach to media technologies?
End of classes. 2 finals =cake. Time to focus on building myself as a product.
He wears shorts and socks? Aww. Haha. What's his name?
Nice. Wanted to hit up Meat last night. New favorite bar.
Morning jog...happy Saturday everyone :-)
Hey, did you get a chance to checkout true colors i sent?
Good Night ♥
Congrats! Impressive stuff yesterday!
worst feeling ever
Loving the new HTML5-powered Pandora site! ESPECIALLY love that if you refresh the page, it picks the track up where you left off.
Love the fact that the tango and the romance that inspires it is becoming popular again. Amazing show at Carlos Gardel's in Buenos Aires!
Let me text this girl for I forget
Excellent point/tip! RT : Good tip for staying motivated: Put music rather than TV on in the background.
Yup, I'm Matrixing.
Enjoyed learning some more advanced scripting in BASH this afternoon. The beauty is that I can use my already familiar unix commands.
its not that far from Bergson to Deleuze. Esp. if you have read Nancy Munn
..sorry, did I leave anything out? Yet, I mean..
I used to be Self centered, until I met God and became God Centered <3
getting ready to go to Xalapa. any recs for what to see, eat, do?
And now?
I'm dying to get my own place, you don't understand what a candle lit bubble bath can do for a girl.
Texas SC rules trial court abused its discretion by failing to dismiss case on forum non conveniens grounds: In re ENSCO OFFSHORE Int. Co.
Rep. Gutierrez is fired up! thank you for your work advocating with our friends in South Carolina
Wellesley Recreation to host antique appraisal
jealous!!! I've never done that either...let me know how it goes
Google Search Data used to predict Flu trends per state...
Remember...no one cares about this game.
Fun day ahead. I'll have more college tourney updates and Travis HS plays at the state tourney at 3:30. Got a sports update? Let me know!
Yeah, I ordered plantain pancakes topped w/ Cotija cheese :)
PLZ Retweet! The 'Race for the Cure Event' has 99 likes! Please LIKE the page to get it over the 100 mark! -...
i really wanna see them live one day! i wanted to go to the jones beach concert
Its the kind of problem you want to have! Country radio has been great to me my whole career. I can't thank those folks enough- G. Strait
lmfao !!! You would be doing that lol
Absolutely. And I hear you about stuff coming up you didn't know you needed to know. We switched last year.
I hope someone told Cotto to keep his hands up on the break. We all remember the last fight's nonsense.
Today we kicked off the week with Katie and Kyle's rehearsal at Sunset Key then dinner at Latitude's! It's a beautiful day in Key West.
Today's Flatbread: Pork Tenderloin w/ sun dried tomato, spinach & mozzarella Soups: Creamy Coconut & Celery or RaspberryHazelnut Gazpacho
Ugh he is annoying & stupid don't wanna be here!!! Tired Of his shit ...
let know that I wish I could have fun doing homework too...on second thought not really
well, keep us posted...
just saying hi 😊😘
Great meeting. Thanks to Josh for speaking to us & reminding us what it's about; bright, young people who will make communities proud!
Had a fun show @ LaSalle High School in Pasadena, then had a yummy dinner @ Zelo's pizzeria. Beet salad, spinach pesto pizza +
Love is a many splendid thing. Love lifts us up where we belong. All you need is love! ~ from the movie Moulin Rouge ~
Has anybody on here had experience implementing #RedBean in a production environment?
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY ! We Love You <3 How Was Your Day ? Please Follow Me !?
Jesse Nickelson: How do you measure political voice if your participants are too young to vote?
I theories that people in the future are going back in time and fucking with our ancestors.
Spent a few hours connecting people this morning. I hope they work out well!
I received my order on time and I have to say it's amazing! The quality of the craftsmanship and materials used are tops!
CORRECT Enter our Standby Lottery (by 9pm) if your name is drawn your old Stub will count towards one $20 Ticket
Maybe time to start that ad agency...
The officer was in the wrong for imputing incorrect data and it resulted in a innocent man being shot. If not the officer who pays for that?
. Is this program still going?
vansmooooock you skiing or snowboarding?
New projects on the horizon.God is good. Film and Television is were I belong. :-)
Nah Not Yet.
Hoping #PeytonManning makes decision soon. Not sure how much more my heart can take!
Close. Cutting wood all day can tend to make you a little mad. ;)
Sorry if you did not like my condensed version... Not here to offend... God Bless!
We reconvene tomorrow!
what am I chopped liver?!
because I was trying to contact as many as people about it,
just finished Catching Fire!
Guterman: CDC estimated we can prevent 40-60% of child abuse cases through home visiting services.
Thanks to all who expressed concern over my last public tweet! <3 you all. I'm not in trouble, just wanted to concisely express annoyance (:
- this is my lesbian sister
I need someone to escort me to the Wiz concert this summer in cincy. Preferably a young lady.
Huge fan of after presentation at #digiday. Best so far...
lol ok were doing this!!! our lifes will be forever changed!!!!!
hahha okay! thank you so much though for trying to get it done (:
I understand the single mom side of it... My question is.. what kind of "research" do you do?
Watching monsters inc in Spanish.. Y my 1year old son put it in Spanish
no ... just taking a little hiatus.
“: Seeing how bad some people have it really makes you appreciate what you have.” someone always has it worse
Songs for my #minimarathon playlist RT : Journey is a must.
haha what's the point of steak? When errybody got beef! Haha X)
Anybody see the Google Knowledge Graph yet in search results?
Just caught myself saying "got it" for the third time today.
so excited for my first prom tomorrow (:
My 6 year old put a 10 year old to sleep via RNC. Was I wrong to jump up and give a fist pump ???? Kids dad next to me thought so ...hahaha
Okay cool?
TONIGHT-FILTH FACTORY #2 with DJ's Matthew Filth, Entheogen vs Jimmy James, Panda & Lionclaw (Zeni vs Zoo Plankton) & Lotus Resident DJ XES
The beauty of a woman must be seen from her eyes because that is the doorway to her heart, the place where love resides
Windows 8 preview: Microsoft is abandoning the "Start" button! Clever. Do they now include a "Stop" button instead?
"American Masters: The King of Late Night" about Johnny Carson was on earlier & I missed it, good on PBS for replaying it at 1 AM PST
THANK YOU Randy Newman for your quote on my project - You are a Mensch! Ro
its gonna be ok as soon as i get closure
White Girls >>
yay! So glad you liked it!
Hello Friday. Glad you finally got here.
Just saw stiles my heart skipping ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
I like to play in both arenas. Multi sport social media athlete!!
You know what? Maddie's more supportive. She approves.
My biggest pet peave is when someone refers or insinuates they think I am a kid, nononoooooo talk to me really, I'm just reserved
Tartuffe,Barefoot in the Park,The Last of the Red Hot Lovers, & read plays by GeorgeBernardShaw & OscarWilde
#MarkLogic let's the BBC focus on the content instead of the indexes.
Ladies, a man that can make you smile, think, & most importantly, consider new possibilities is one you want to keep.
thanks for the +k!
Aww man Im too excited. Cant wait to rock it in Eugene at the trials. Thank you!!!
sharing emarketing tips!
I heard I missed you in several spots today. very sneaky sir, very sneaky.
#hangover at work. Not fun! Seriously need to go back to sleep
yeah, Cabrieber, blue helmet, whatev. aw poor thing!
Oh ya made Elaise who def sucks Dick STFU IT'S ABOUT TIME!! LMAO SNEAK ATTACKS don't matter when sum1 is always jumping ppl
Yay!!! So glad you liked it!!
Yes please.
Watching the Sox and voting for Paul Konerko to be in the All-Star Game. It shouldn't come down to this but I'll keep voting! Lol
Spectrum Pharmaceuticals Announces First Quarter 2012 Financial Results Teleconference and Webcast
you gay really or is it a April fool joke? 😨
should interview on artful, community-support villainy!
your narrator pronounced Tom Glavine, "Gla-vine." ha. Other than that, he's pretty good.
I went to the bank today and told them that instead of the 20k in student loan debt I owe them, they actually owe me 30K bc "its working"
i haven't received a daily roll up in two days...
This waking up at odd hours in the night for no reason has got to stop. Grrrr.
this traffic is ridiculous. 😡😡😡
This Full Moon can screw off man
Who am I? www.kevinkash.com
thats my old man! He's a champ.
Reminds me of Wordsworth's ode to the daffodil.
thx for the tweet. Meant to tell story in class but forgot
I can't believe you ousted me! ;)
you have to turn 23 again tonight...
Overheard in fidi: "yo, I really wanna look at that building when I'm high."
Getting dressed to hit the MMA Gym for my Muay Thai Training.
everytime I go out...
I knew #Packy was turning 50 this weekend - Had NO idea he was going to be knighted by the #RoyalRosarians. Will he wear a white straw hat?
Karma IU fans. Karma
Surround yourself with people that are only gonna lift you higher, because friends are the family you chose yourself.
Um no ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
House of Loom 10th & Pacific!!! Get here or GET HERE!!!!
At least one coach a day seems to be visiting 2014 LB Raekwon McMillan from Georgia. Today is was the home state
competitive memory competitions? hmm.....
sorry I was busy.... And why you think that? Coz it hurst?
thinking of you!
"Don't come at people saying 'Do you believe in climate change? ...Start talking about their life & interaction w/the natural world."
Have you set it up so that it will update your FB yet?
Looking forward to getting back to work tonight at Rustbelt. Hoping to finish these tracks.
No matter what the truth will eventually come out sooner or later.
oh yes when I first got sick it took them 4 hours to do it since I was stubborn
no trust me i am cool that is my skill in life when i get a car it will have a minifridge hot tub pool and a workout room yeh son ha
this right here is a panty dropppaaaaaaa !
Thank you! Will definitely have a look.
Ugh...the realization that after six years of living here, I finally have to register to vote in the state of New York...yuck.
Mending fences with others requires a journey together on the higher road or being left to eat dust. (via )
Looks like I have to write my name on all my shit damn 😒
q. for #emerge2012asu presenters: how will you archive your results without a disciplinary canon? How to pass the torch?
Help! Scrivener randomly compiles my chapters as one paragraph per page. Forum and user manual don't offer solutions
24oz peach smoothies @ big foot java
Just a few days til HUGE Mission Hills Community Garage Sale. 80+ homes all over this beautiful San Diego neighborhood. See you Saturday!
and this has nothing to do with need vs. want, its more to do with the fact that I think Beal and MKG are better than the PFs
Ok Florida. I see you.
That was a long night .. Waiting for my babe to get here then going to sleep !
figured you had it covered.
ha! yeah real life retirement. I did the math today...
but they are gonna win sucka! :)
Make sure his love isn't just something you want, but what you need.
People change, feelings fade, heart broken, friends leave, friends become enemies, lovers become strangers, you’ll be judged, life goes on.
"The reason why we face affliction is because we do not allow the Lord to do His will in them."
happy new year to you too!!
Hello Amy: Great to talk to you here. Robert
Cool mission statement: Wheaton College exists to help build the church and improve society worldwide.
i was asking cause i was thinking about collecting projects for people to work on tomorrow (/cc )
WAKE UP MISS SMARTY PANTS WAKE UR BUTT UP!
haha ! I've entered the rivers contest a billion times ! They Have a private 1D concert !! If one of us wins, we go together!!
Do you know the Reason For Dreams? ;)
Text me if ur up for some fun
I wanna lover :( lol
announced today that Peter's Party is back!!
follows this model with their email rating system.
#shortgirlproblems climbing cabinets/countertops like a little monkey just to reach a bowl 😒
I can hear it! I turn and my chair and it squeaks like a rusty old door being opened. I will bring my WD40 next weekend.
People who cannot pick up their feet shouldn't be allowed flip flops.
stay true to ur team. He won't always b at UK.
just saw 21 jump street it was the funniest thing I've seen in forever!
well things just got awkward... Lolol
Lets go Nadal!
Women always have the last say in an argument, because when men talk, it’s the beginning of another argument
#LightMasters Number 13 by "My grandparents are watching some black @ white movie older than my underwear."
hah thanks! Feel free to pass on to your class.
you better! 😘
that sounds delicious. let me see how i feel - i've been hacking and coughing for days now. - sinus infection bo
True enough -- I'm nothing if not analog ;)
We have a tentative date for our Grand Opening, keep the date open..February 16th :-)
I'll be if you want to swing by for a pregame from 1pm on today. It's
#ASECS12 now the indefatigable Kevin Cope, buckle your seatbelts!
guess what!
WM's repository hits 400K downloads! scholarship.law.wm.edu. I like to think my papers account for a dozen hits or so.
that's the one!
Mid-term finished!
Downtown exploring and dinner on the riverwalk with my man ❤
Getting ready to list a beuatiful 2007 Sea Ray 320 Sundancer. Very low hours, one owner, loaded, lift kept. Will keep you posted!
3rd has started at the Resch
Picking out new paint and thinking feng shui.
lol I been around just not on twitter
I knew you'd understand Tj.(:
For 5 rounds I watched Bones Jones humiliate Evans and make him look like an amateur; I loved every min of it
very excited. saw that post when CC made it. Emailed it home so I can check it later. EXCITING.
I saw that before you tweeted me - but I don't follow those who don't follow me back. I have a select few exceptions.
Guys I just really love The Parent Trap...
Twix bars really need to pause an awkward moment.
Patriots place today with the fam for the first time... Looking forward to a day of shopping and eating at five guys:)
I popped a blood vessel in my eye ):
Huzzah! And now we are officially rolling with the html (5) doctype & XUA-Compatible meta tag.
Staff Christmas Photo shoot tonite at The Place along with Dirtywater TV 10pm
US Airways Makes Push for Potential Merger - Wall Street Journal
My professor left during our mid-term to go grab a drink.... wtf?
“Where there is love there is life.” ― Mahatma Gandhi
Search terms that brought people to #ThePublicProfessor websit: Rudolph claymation Christmas background; Bob Costas doesn't age; women judge
Tonight is the 7th annual Turkey and Friends Christmas dinner/ party!! Each year getting bigger and bigger. Happy Holidays.
Biggest shot of Avery Bradley's career. And he swaps it.
That's game changing talk right there!
To catch a fish, you only need one hook.
Um, that's not my mom's name, Tara.
Predators again! Now time to watch that other Tennessee sports team. The Grizz.
Gotta maximize my craft
Those ribs I smoked up on Sunday were revitalized for lunch today as BBQ over noodles, so good!
You are so lucky :( #GoodForYou :).
Personally talked to Homeland Security Director Jimmy Gianato, asking him to do everything possible for people in Mercer & Wayne Counties.
Im gay
cause ur slacking!!
learning a lot about the politics of having to wear the Salvation Army uniform. And that church gossip is universal (duh).
Brookbank catching up to Getzlaf's goal total
Hahaha Mr. Officer was very interested in the bike. He had a lot of questions.... starting with the usual, "What heck is that?"
love you too Alex. :)
Hey folks! I've been away from twitter. Taking some me time to prepare for this photo shoot and come up with an album name. Soul Searching.
everyone does who watches nick does her and victoria justice
That was beautiful! Going to miss Regis its an end of an eraRT Thank you for beautiful and moving tribute!
Yes, come see us in KC! I have friends on the local planning committee for JCLC.
Just sneezed
No YOU are so sweet! Always great seeing you on our way in & out! :) See you tomorrow!
well i was on about going in my birthday suit but my teacher said it wasnt a good idea soo ya know xx
well i better quit the limes ... LOL hope you're having a great day
nerd alert
some of my favorite writing inspiration comes from my boys observations of the world. I love how he sees things. =D
Two FREE tickets giveaway to Pinterest Party in Mckinney TX to the 1st person who tweets #pinterestpartymckinney Value $90
380 more plants. Omg. I think I can I think I can.......still need another k. Onto spring and summer. Go local...
Perfect work from home oppty! Part time/full time; earn extra $$$ in time for the holidays. Inbox me for details or visit...
thank you for the heads up on the hacking issue earlier...: )
You're welcome! :-)
[Eph4]There is one Body+Spirit & FatherGod desire us to forbear eachother in love+work to keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace.
I'm sorry... You know you mean the fucking world to me<3
HAPPY BIRTHDAY PRINCETON! THIS IS MY BACK UP ACCOUNT MY MAIN IS I Hope You have a Good Day ! ♥
my boss went to Florida without me for #IE's
#blissdom2012 might have to be on my list this year. Was sad to miss the last one.
I'ma always b there for my niggaz real talk
follow it's just one button to press :)
#GoingRed with a wild berry smootie!
I will be there!
I'll vomit
HAHAHAHAHAHA! I don't think there's such a thing as functional marriage. I'll be married 21 years on the 18th.
I no I'm not the only one but after we fuck I play dead because I reached my goal so um u can leave now
At wrk doing things that should of been done! Ugh lazy people make me sick!
Haha! I like your new rendition of "Eenie Meenie" =)!
Chillin on hermosa beach. The place that inspired the show rocket power! Living the dream.
Change of schedule.
Thx! Questioning training?
We wrote 2 new hardcore songs this weekend. You are not ready for this shit.
I'm from Wisconsin. I don't think you know what you're getting yourself into. It will end poorly for you. FACT.
TGIFF! Thank God it's Fajita Friday! Whats for lunch or dinner today? Will it sizzle like our Fajitas?
Car A/C konked out. Bella is not a happy camper...though most panting dogs look kind of happy so, I guess I can't tell.
set fire to the rain cover= amazingg once again girl
Instagram is so important though Don. It helps inanely poor photographers develop the respect they don't deserve.
please make and permanent hosts of Morning Edition. They make the news fun and are a joy to listen to.
Here's to the American Man
87°, glad it cooled down!
#FollowFriday Here are some people I like to follow and read:
watch your back whitty.
-I hope Pres Obama doesn't make Boehner cry. I hate when that happens
Early bird catch the worm catch up with me if you can!!!
Best birthday text today: "A salaam a lekem Brother Elvis. Allah's blessings upon you on this holy day. -L.F."
TONIGHT: Valentine's Day Bash at Hooligan's in Webster 9pm-?? w/Pauly & DJ Razor Ramon.. games, prizes, alcohol, food, and loud music
ha i bet! So where did you go today? you weren't here for the rehearsal for the ceremony thing.
Just saw a girl with the BIGGEST ASS EVER
REAL TALENT
you do know what swag is right?
I like that though, a LOT
Dear magical fairies that pop up and clean messes.... where the hell are you?
Why are we making airplanes. Like this is six flags. Let me go on the rides.
So many characters entering/exiting scene I'm working on that I'm drawing on my dance roots and choreographing them!
Menus with prices printed in words.
Don't never ask what's wrongg or I'm okayy... DF !
I wonder if he's as good as Adam in Florida's New Hot Sexy Thriller Novel "PYTHON" by Carina Nolan Amazon
Keep your words short and sweet- because you never know which ones you will have to eat. -Anon
#daleearnhardtjrjr nice sound on #Conan. First time for me.
RT : BE The Miracle in Your Miraculous Life ~ Lori Moreno
This should be interesting... RT : Finally! Brands can message fans and fans can message brands.
You see, conservatives only care about us vets as long as we're cannon fodder for their wars, or political props for them.
On this beautiful day I get to go work on my day off. This better be worth it!
Have you ever heard “I don’t have time to network”? #Networking is something we can do any time and any place as long as we are open to it.
hey i haven't met you, &this is crazy but heres my twitter,so follow me maybe? ♥
New day, new beginning
RT : “Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things.” – Robert Brault
bahaha same as your work one!
I'm excited for the Williams signing for the #Bills... but why does my mind keep going back to Bledsoe?
#SinonimosDePuta Los Raiders
Give me attention; I need it now.
never jump to conclusions.
"we can make magic happen" ....I'd like to see that sometime haha
TODAY I WILL USE MY AK AND IT WILL STILL BE A GOOD DAY DAMNIT!
It's such a fun project. I just finished The Shining on audio which was
Ethnographers, which textbook(s) do you use in your university classrooms?
Go to Qazis in Freemont. Cheap and informal, but most authentic Indian food I've found here.
as soon as I get it from the artist ill post
And "ass."
A headshot is your key into casting gates. Use a pro photographer! So many #actors have not been called in based on their headshot.
I haven't been to Red hook in a while. Had a great meal across from the Ikea.
Is it true that Cody Simpson is dating Kylie Jenner?
thanks 4 the quick and efficient service with the tire change, in the pouring rain, today on I480 & I77
I'm getting super like Mario. Am I doing it fabulously? Absolutely.
You don't take a photograph, you make it. ~Ansel Adams
RT Indian Coffee Break, Nashta Chai, is tomorrow from 3-5PM at the Grad Lounge. It is going to be cool, so come by!
yes for those of us that happen to be gingers Haha
word up!
can't believe it is finally here....nervous/excited/fired-up for the match tonight. Players seem to be in great spirits today.
Can't wait for Sound by Design to set up our lights for PurpleLight tomorrow. I am so excited to see Milwaukee Purple!
Hope you win them. A couple of our employees will be on the floor!
thank you!!!! Gurrrl, house warming party like a mofo!!! I'm trying not to jinx it tho lol.
Good thing I took a shower last night. I am way too lazy to take one right now.
Anyone want to have their video placed on the first page of our site? Follow for more details!
We have a seat open. Come on over.
so which is it? Wordpress? Or Tumblr? What are your thoughts?
hey, I'm part of the team here, you can follow me personally at
Tried a burger at "The Purple Cow" just now. Not a big fan...
Baby idk how long I can wait .
I don't like sleeping downstairs by my self
watching API webinar where giving well-deserved credit to on tracking state of public APIs
yeah tell me your name on here & i'll find you
Today's affirmation: My life is alive with vitality.
I live in DC & I hear/see that constantly-welcome to my world. Least u don't get stuck in traffic everytime POTUS leaves home.
touche...now imagine The Choco Burrito
People come up with the wildest excuses they take you as a threat
I arrived at school today for my morning Saturday class and realized upon arrival that today is Friday I am a day ahead!
glad you like it ! :) welcome!
My MISS ZIBA GIRL 2009 celebration is tonight at 7pm in Glendale
Pre-Order Tomorrow!!! Official BCL T-Shirts! YES!
Leif Totusek and I to play again at Shadowland in west Seattle 9pm March 26th, been too long...it's like church.
Had fun at Rachael's "friend" 4th bday party today. The kids all made their own T-shirts; Rachael's features "double dog, double rainbow."
Just scares me to think what I'd do without him. Need to realize its the least of my worries though.
TWITTERPLAY Lights up. Man on Toilet. Loud pooping sound. Man grimaces painfully. From toilet bowl- "Revenge!" Lights.
I can't read minds. I can't see through steel.
Watch Trueblood a bit, I've got some bud's that dig Dex tho.
Gosh damn woman, you talk way too much!
This morning it was more jog than run. It's a process.
Half off Starbucks!mocha coconut frap is a liquid Samoa girl scout cookie Nomnomnom☺
I really wanna see the devil inside
Thank you for sharing my dear Manfred!! :) <3
The garage doors are up here at Lincoln. Come enjoy the sunshine!
Ugh. I hate when people get me going on politics. Especially when they get caught up in the politics part. Wake up already, America!
lol oh ok. He's a rapper.
How was school today? <3
Another one of dem nights dam free style session follow by wings at bdubs with a heat session for a night cap
lol for real.
shower of shite
That was a very entertaining post. And relatable. :)
Morris will not continue as basketball coach, per AD Jeff Lueders. They're posting that job right now.
nothing :P
yikes. I saw the gluten deal in your profile. I hope the allergies don't slow you down too much.
I have to say it. The more I hear him talk the more I really think that is a HUGE PUTZ.
$2 off Breakfast with Santa. Yummy treats, Santa pics, pony rides, petting zoo, holiday music, gifts & more! Go to www.KUIK.com
When a Friend Tells You He or She Has HIV or AIDS
I can't believe its tomorrow! It went by so fast.
"It's raining! It's pouring! The old man is snoring! He bumped his head, on the side of the bed, and didn't wake up till morning!"
This girl pushed my crush into a pole earlier... He called her a bully xD lol
you better hope she didn't use it to clean anything
"The FBI can look into people's computers, why can't you?" -- customer, talking to the help desk
Google Is Blurring The Lines Between Ads And Search Results
Congrats! See you at commencements “: Registered for my last semester of classes this morning w/ help fromnew Schedule planner.
The smell is making me sick....
There is this homeless meth-head playing guitar chanting my deejay name. It's weirding me out!
I'm all worn out from HBO. Roller coasters and really uncomfortable sex scenes. Also, I don't buy that anybody eats a cupcake near a shower.
I'm not used to these 5 day work weeks and two day weekends!! What happened to my 4 day week and 3 day weekends!?!
haha yeah x
For some, high school swim season serves as prelude to water polo
Ew! My apologies.
A, in Ancien Regime France, eating good foods and vegetables from your garden was more a sign of education and urbanity.
Damn, the Thunder is doing there thing !
wow thanks you just made my Christmas. Flapper.
Whitney Houston doesn't have star on Hollywood Walk of Fame. She was selected yrs ago, but never set a dedication date.
YEP, you have a link to ya beats?
Ohh, that's so cool. ;o
Everything is Tim Juravich-er in Texas
RT : I really hope Obama convinces all the House members to stay in school
Pillows are #amazing !!!! ;p
Just sat on a cactus. And this time not on purpose.
Have an story suggestion? Want to join our writing team? Just want to say hello? Email submissions [at] twentysomethingindy [dot] com.
how can i get an ad for weesandiego
Where in Richmond can I find medium size (32 oz) Hubs Salted Peanuts for sale?
I think I need an accounting class to understand this data!
The fact that I can't get to at 9 am yet is driving me nuts. Could you folks host a tweetup or something? Please?
oh you wear kneehigh socks? Rec league softball must be your thing.
adorable photo. shes a cutie-pie. love the lighting
Thanks for the #FF!
funny!! But who is maj Tom???
Starting Friday we add lunch items to our menu! More details coming soon :)
How has texting changed keyboarding...I'm noticing more and more students typing letters with their thumbs.
Charles M. Schulz~ Dont worry about the world coming to an end today. Its already tomorrow in Australia.
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing. Security does not exist in nature. Avoiding danger is no safer than exposure. Helen Keller
Got "Love On Top" By Beyonce stuck in my head. Lol.
Retweet annoys the crap outta you!
Sunday is definitely my favorite day of the week. It always feels so lazy. Or maybe I'm just lazy.
My mom is coming back home today! :)
Lol, you're gonna need all the prayers you can get .. #illprayforyou 🙏
RT At work wishing I was at party :(
Tomorrow night (2/7)! 5pm to close, @ White Eagle - SunnyD Friends & Family Night w/ band! 50% sales benefit us!
not an official group. Comprised of alumni, friends, family. Out of respect for donors cannot disclose $ per 1,000 but it's good
#HelloBrooklyn My Cousin bought me a sick snapback in NYC
Ok, so who among my followers have the biggest-name followers? Who has the most impressive follower? Hit me up! (:
Aint that the truth hahah Word!
Lines in the sand by Members & Pastors at my church, rethinking Christianity all together. Judgement rendered on 1 sided story.
Horny mornings alone <<
So, I'm only just hearing about the Sacha Baron Cohen thing at the Oscars.
Do my eyes deceive me? Clear skies? Forgot there are stars under the clouds. Tomorrow nice too, plan to make use of it in garden.
Grease is the One that We Want
I am deff going to be there (:
I hate haters!
Today was good until I got in a fight with the ground, it won. Prob rotator tear, tape it and race tomorrow. Was flying until I lost my edge
Come enjoy Sunday Funday with brunch on our beautiful patio!!!!! $2 taps of Miller Lite and XX Amber all day at the bar!!!
I just heard someone use dingdong like you use it
Sabotage at
Mallards or redheads?
Does anyone play Words With Friends anymore?
The Real world: there has bin a war goin on for years were thousads of people r needed.. C.O.D world: a couple of guys take on a whole army
Thanks, man! I'm guessing there is something to the old saying 'find something you love and never work again'. Glad you dig it!
Jesus loves you
Guys, remember J MAC? JESSE MCCARTNEY? My lover in 5th grade bra.<3
It's 10:23pm. I have a puppy, a new shirt and a hangover.
we need people to follow on this account. our timeline is dead.
trying to get the locals' feel for things. SD is a very transplantsy city - not many are "from" here. I met a gal here from Pitt!
Happy Holidays #TeenWolf fans! Even Mr. Harris wishes you a joyous break - then back to work.
Oh yeah!!! Twitter! I forgot you were here. Sorry.
what time is it?
*Hugs you back*😳
“: smells like fishin season comin big man!!!!”oh yeah real soon shit I went Sunday
Rangers game commentary - haha! RT Thats a mexican play right there. #notracist they are mexican!
Boy, you gotta DO IT ! :)
are you gonna share with me
Yeah, it started off slow - the rib pain. Just keeps getting worse. Pretty sure she's pushing them apart with her feet. Ow. :(
Thanks for the win
When your sound check is longer than your set.
why dont ppl just listen......
I may have gotten my first pay check as an artist. Stub says "visiting artist"
Name the top 5 best cities in the world to listen to good music!
Skyrim is my girl 
r u going to apply 4 next season of big brother? They taking submissions now!I can see. u now telling housemates they r messy.
I just hope theres hope.
Yes, ma'am. I shall. (and I want free bbq, too.)
yup 7pm. See ya there!
Thanks for Follow Please Send Us Any Event Info You May Have and We Can Share It if You Guys Help Us Out from Time 2 Time.
graveyard double feature - THE COOLER + Cheech & Chong's UP IN SMOKE. tonite at 4am. movies & mai tais. only at Frankie's
there's just two bands so I'm not sure how long our set is. Just come anyway!
Feathers are a defining characteristic of the group "Birds," meaning simply that if an animal has feathers, then it is a bird.
thanks Missy! Your support was appreciated!
HI Donny - competes against high schools between San Diego & Oceanside. Only time we see OC teams is at state.
Pittsburgh and Baltimore fans, I'm coming up this summer to play for you guys. In the next few weeks I'll put up more information on it!
HI Curt, glad you got hip to Blackout. Have you seen Harris live? He's a great performer/improviser
I've learned that no one can keep a secret.
embrace the cold!
yea but u rmbrd mine so thats all that matters lol
This game.
remind Guests it is "President" Obama. Never Barack, Obama or Barack Obama. All presidents are part of this club.
yup yup <3
Start working on you since you don't think your job values you.
ok better xD
I love heels. I have the cutest ones! I need to get famous so I can wear them to all the cool parties k.
Remember when Uncle Jesse's Greek relative died in Full House? Random thought. In other news Seinfeld commercial was of course great
Cool, enjoy!!
Teach me how to Dougie??? ♥
Follow The Kid Back
I will! I haven't had a good sleep in like 2 years because of so much homework.
Thank you for attending and speaking at BBA grad party today! Your support is much appreciated by both students & staff!
We're going to see Follies on Broadway tomorrow! Really looking forward to it, anyone seen this production?
Can someone please find me (and ) an apt for 9/1? 2 bedroom, Fort Greene / Clinton Hill, rent commensurate with ed asst salary?
Tonight's special: Hey Sloppy Joes! Vegan-friendly, served w/ potato salad & chips. Just $6!
all food is good but i dont like only rice...
Heading to Mount Hood? Expect heavy congestion on Hwy 26, up to an hour delay from MP 40 to 48. There is also a chain requirement in place.
After extended my #blackjack lead at decided to go to Aureole for dinner, land of the Wine Angels.
If you want something, go for it
looking forward to playing with you in Sheffield.
no no one really did anything..jus realization
where have u been? would love to hear from u. ur my inspiration to overcoming my fear of my gifts...<3
TSA will claim it's just doing its job, but damn, frisking Grandma is overkill.
Print1Media received it's "Ambassador of the Month" award at Plainfield's Member Luncheon, so nice to be appreciated for all your efforts!!!
girl he mean.
Ugh I'm sorry!
You know what I love making? Trouble!
tired but im too congested to sleep ugh
Just returned to Compuware after an awesome tour of #Detroit given by D:Hive
QR Codes - What The Heck - How To Use Them - www.WebWhizWorks.com QR Codes - How to use qr codes f.. Error: Please specify a URL to shorten.
If your in line looking for #work stop wasting your time make work happen from the ground up! The piggy bank is broken & lines are 4 sheep
2010 Tire Pe "Diem" Merlot blend Bordeaux, France !!!
Bring your kids out to Boyette Park Tomorrow I will be doing 3 shows for NorthBridge Church at the Jelly Bean Hunt. 1st show is at 12:15.
Thank you!!!
Why did you stop following me? D:
Business Professor Receives Two Outstanding Educator Awards Business Professor Receives Two Outstanding Educator Awards
Happy Gameday! On the way up the 1265.
Not gonna lie: the accents are making me a little bit homesick for Texas.
I'm frustrated. I want friends and coffee, but that is clearly not happening soon. Unrelated: Twitter is Dead.
Let me know when ass day is...
Because we all love a good deal, right? What's Next DC is offering friends of HubSpot 25% off the registration price
Phil Dunphy is the most naive dad ever. I wish he was my dad.
That's A Winner!!!
#GreenyTheDance A 10 but the costume say's disco.
RT Hey looks like we'll be together on 's #BeerDiplomacy in March! Looking forward to it :)
Fact - it would be cheaper on Ebay.
Well, according to IU's website, I've been accepted! The letter should come in 2 to 4 weeks.
Sorry to uk fans following the US fans...Spoiler Alerts!!!RT RT : UK Fans #GoldRush2 will strt in May
Wearing flip flops around the city should probably gross me out more than it does
no worries, you'll be fine :)
you need to have an active game to add players (DG0ba-ui)
who wants to get me those 12s playoffs?!
Packing up to drive an hour west to seal a deal...be back laterz...peace
Whats The Ultimate Christmas Present ? Obviously it would be getting a pair of SABRES!!
Hey, thanks for the RT, ! Looking forward to #dhsi12!
Harry styles might go solo :o are you leaving one direction??
#OH: 'Where's the mustard!? Seriously guys, someone may get fired for this!' :)
Made it!!!
Vidal on the students: "They're already here, they have not dropped out of school, they do not have criminal records"
Very cool data challenge: family economics in Lesotho (via )
l stuttered while asking out girls
Malibu Country is the place 2 b, Nov 2nd on ABC, watch as & the entire cast r sure 2 bring u lots of laughs!!!! :))))
#FF awesome supporters of original content
; No matter gay, straight, or bi lesbian transgender life I'm on the right track baby I was born to survive. :)
'Hide yo kids, hide yo wife , they raping everybody' - silly man on youtube, you don't know how right you are..
following back :)
she's got broken things where her heart should be.
Just realized that May is going to be a terrifying month. Eek!
Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back & realize they were the BIG things. ~ Robert Brault via Christina Norman
DUDE. I sent you a few I made on Facebook. Do you want to post them or should I? lol
I am so excited to see this. I donated to their kickstarter. Glad to see you liked it so much.
Congrats to everyone graduating from MSU this weekend! Enjoy it and truly take in all the glory because afterwards it's the real world lol
RT : Just to clarify, do solar thermal plants blow up sometimes and leave radioactiveness?
It's Herb Day at the US Botanic Garden! Stop by between 10 and 3 to check out all the booths and see our many blooming plants!
De Aza's walk up song is Roll Out, they should change the words to ground out
Well shit... Olbermann fired and I didn't win the f-ing money. Bad shit happens in 3's he says looking back.
hahaha I kinda like it...(:
I am going to miss all my boys at UK. Except for because he is soft and too cool.
Meeting with to help with social media this afternoon! Stay tuned for some cool stuff with the !! RT
making photo filter effect on pictures = $1 billion, EZ GAME.
Sometimes you think that you want to disappear but you really want to be found
And there're these preppy people in front of me giving me the stank eye. Keep fucking lookin at me I'll knock your teeth down your throat.
Thank you so much for your kind support. I hope you will join us that weekend.
Have any fun plans for Spring Break? What five things can you not leave home without?
Now is the winter of our discontent, y'all.
no problem:)
I want a Dread-Lock xD RASTA , but my mom don't let me do it... Snap!
Falling in love with my new Tom's =D
yes mam i do
Mothers: I love you all! Happy Mothers Day! www.globalpointpr.com
is hosting a live concert in Chiang Mai 6/25 to raise awareness about #humantrafficking & #exploitation of women&children!
can i move out of ohio yet or?
thats what googd my dude.you peep the new video?
I got a job!
So it's the PicketCity Bowl.
We need to understand that "education is something that we create for ourselves" not "something that is provided for us"
I'm afraid to get on Facebook.
Went into a glass house ... Ran into a door ... Badass
Just cut my fat neighbor open from scrote to throat with a Swiss Army Knife. And beauty was NOT on the inside. It's mostly blood and lard.
Why do you have that shit in ya bio anyway? Lmfaoo. Fuck outta here nigger.
This Bards for You!
*raises hand* If they look like you... lol
Get off train in DC. Instantly feel underdressed. Chamber of Commerce anti-financial reg ads blanket Metro. My hometown is a strange one.
Sry.. website URL: www.prettylittlethingsthemovie.com
This bus sucks
I know the feeling...
Keep your eye on Kon-E-zee for its May 1st Roll Out in Florida
#ThingsShorterThanKimsMarriage my attention span for any of this "news"
u wanmt to get back wit mariah
"You are considered a survivor on the day of your diagnosis."
Those are reported incidents, so I assume there are more, unknown. Still, something I'll keep in mind next time I write.
Please Recycle something this weekend...
So glad you're back safely!! See ya Thursday!
I have literally destroyed all of my Victoria's Secret sweatpants.... Time to go shopping!!!!! 💗
use gloves. Don't want to get it dirty.
Missed the memo that the whole college is playing the back nine.
I hate when I reach out and they dont reach back!
It was fucking righteous!
I have not tried either of these delights. They sound potentially too-sweet for me, but I'll try most things once ;-)
KISS KISS BANG BANG?
Airports suck!
Distributor Kobe is my favorite "odd" Kobe.
Gotta love a 30 minute 1st inning.
"black dude wasted"
What is your resolution for tomorrow?
hey cutie thanx for following me.
#smh Rob it's just a game 1 lol.. #GoLakers RT : Have your $$$ ready when they take this sweep!!! LOL
The best part of this season was the internet posture fad that we started. Go us.
Just opened the door for Chad Ochocinco.
Come where ?
KC is the Town...
I quit one of them and am now seeking a new 2nd one. I'm at gay bingo now. Wish you were closer so you could come w/me :-)
Thanks for the #FF!
You wish. Time to douche out that rotten ass of yours...it's becoming septic.
Whoa fat fuck
It's TRUE! I signed with VentureIAB Agency & TigerDogProductions for TV Show on NetworkTV in development now! Keep watching! So excited!
The fool sits on his ass all day and then asks, "Where did the day go?"
On April 9th Season 8 of will remind us how Reality TV can actually kick ass.
At #mamabear with Who else is here?
You and tequila make me crazy...
doing great now that DWTS is on.
Cool. Hope you like it!
Bad way to end the night..
Holy generic comment about the great weather Batman!
are we going to do the spirit week or not? ;D
"I Just Want It All" -Kid Ink
I feel so close to you right now.....
Having a late dinner at tonight. Then Food and Wine Mag's showcase tomorrow. Fun!
maybe... da pastor must drive a benze to church lmao
get on xbox
Can't wait til easter .... All those giggles,hugs,and smiles and celebrating jesus :) ... Theres a kid in me too
the Minds and I are freakishly similar.
I followed just so I could immediately unfollow them. Carrying on with my day now.
I didn't even know Chris Crocker was trying to be a singer, and I was fine with that. Thanks again, Internet.
Farenthold is a babbling idiot & a heart attack waiting to happen. Good thing he has health care.
what neighborhood?
not saying they will sue. im saying come up with a clever logo. im curious on how a devil not crying is going to look.
congrats on that man.
Why, yes, Jake, I'm on the side that doesn't leave women to die of breast cancer. You're on the side that does.
It's official. I am no longer a resident of Indianapolis. I'm a #Michigander now!
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.
You are one of my favorite players of all time..so PLEASE dont ruin that and say youd play for the heat
domo I just don't like it. It don't fit me lol. But I was just seeing if you knew a place that delt with phones.
At #SMWmiami and listening in to the Zen & Art of "Checking-in" panel!
lol don't be.. Just be happy for my view :-)
Golf shot, Rickie!
Wow, very small world. I work there (obviously) but live in Belltown :)
Ugh I feel trapped I wanna go some where
"Beyond Belief" -- documentary about two 9/11 widows who determine to help afghan widows.
We won $100 last night in Powerball using the Analysis Lotto program.
wonder what Chris Paul & Dwayne Wade had as pregame meals
Just came from lunch!, and the teacher is screaming, I feel like walking out!!!!!
Does anyone remember Rocket Power? Omg.
Yes, she is Marie Ross, a pro clarinetist in the Netherlands.
Be #proactive and get #involved in affecting #change within the #transportation industry! The 5th Annual T&I Convention is March 7-9 in D.C.
if this is what he wants and its what she wants, then whys there so much pain?
U alwez had a classy style, including when u covered Parkland/Dallas when I was there. Best Wishes. Esther Bauer
where have you been all my life?
Thanks for following , , , and
Ecofact via : Each year Americans throw away 25,000,000,000 styrofoam cups, enough every year to circle the earth 436 times.
We spent the evening with Gang Enforcement team to see what their nights are really like. The story on at 11p.
Thanks! I think I'm actually going to get a Sustaining Membership.
"If Morrissey says don't eat meat, then I'll eat meat, because I hate Morrissey." - Robert Smith from The Cure
"Excellence is a guilty pleasure, bringing confidence and peace of mind"
Had such a great time last night at #IRIS at the Kodak Theatre. My fave Cirque show to date!! Although, #Zumanity is a close second ;)
well ok then too bad NOTHING MAKES YOU LOOK UGLY -___-
Happy Birthday !
One day till and are very jealous!
I just turned in 17 pages of word vomit and 5 pages of crap...I will not miss you Fall 2011 semester.
Can't decide :/
just got a sneaky preview of the new from our friends at … shit is gonna get real in the fall y'all!
Um, what about neuroeducation and neuropsychology?
Red bull was a bad choice. Tonight was amazing. All I really need are two notes and a beat!
yep - or i'd like to see what my hometown suns could do with him after the miracles they worked w/ nash and hill
How beautiful it is to believe in what we cannot see.
I wish emily, going on vacation this coming Thursday and Friday, but if I have to, maybe tomorrow.
The Nature Conservancy And Discovery Education Join Forces To Launch Dynamic Environmental Education Program Exploring ...
Dust off your playforms & bell bottoms! Disco Party on Sat. 5-14 at to benefit the ATGC. $10 at door, or $5 w/ food item.
yes I did. I need to know what would be the next step
I CAN'T LISTEN TO JON GRUDEN!! There is not a player in the country that he doesn't LOVE! Come on buddy, you've lost all credibility
Good choice. RT We have listened to our customers & have decided to cease our advertising on The Rush Limbaugh Show immediately
Up too early this morning... had to be at work early and unfortunately, I have to stay late. Oh well.. I'll get to take the time off l8r
let's go to steak n shake!
I am changing my twitter account to 3rdscreentalent Please follow me there.
hunger games > real life
S. Duttry asks to please spread the word about his GolfWashington app. Also, we need your feedback on how to make it better
The office is so cold!!!!!! It's been a daylong battle over control of the thermostat and those fighting for warmth are getting killed
Thx! You Rock! I just bought my prom dress even though I have 5 months to wear it thanks to !! :)
#God forgive me but I don't get men who have #titties unless ur #transgender or #crossdressin. Just a thought
“: #BeautyOfIslam the high status it gives to women.”//Could u explain this? I am not being facetious or negative. Just want 2 learn.
Today InTrade has Obama's chances to be reelected at 59.6% and the chances of the Individual Mandate being ruled unconstitutional at 57.8%
Brian got his nursing degree at SLU, the lectures on contraception and abortion were creative to say the least.
remember George Lehmann basketball vids? BEEF!!! "Cock it, Lock it, Shot, Swish" I can't find his video's anywhere. He was unreal
. Hey I think you guys have been hacked! Get that password changed asap and warn your followers.
Thanks! Take advantage of our May promotion - rate us on Yelp!, show your server & free glass of house wine or soft drink.
Rest in Peace #AmyWinehouse, another troubled genius who has hopefully moved onto a better and happier place...
caraschatz: heard that you signed on to be AA for transportation! YAY!
Ok I'm back.
Stupid America.
what you and that short nigga was up to?
Lets go jimmy keep this lead up
Anonymous indeed. ;)
Omg... I missed you best friend. How are you? Happy Sunday. Good Morning
Where can I get a cheap haircut in Stockton that won't leave me looking like a 5 year old cut my hair?
“: #commonphssayings she's a freshman, bro” hahahahahahahahahahahahaha
The realization that everyone is making it up as they go along, even the ones who look like they have it 'together.'
Damn. Well-played.
Did the watermelon used to be pink with "seeds" in it? There was some candy with that, and I thought it was Airheads...
MUSIC IS THE WEAPON OF THE FUTURE..
Who u telling...lol...
The only reason for me being on Twitter is to bring a smile to bearded face and the less bearded faces of his fans.
En route to Detroit. Trying to make it out of Ohio before nightfall. This is bat country.
boutaa go work out now . DEUCES .
Such good Asian bloggy conversation at breakfast with Maybe we need an Asian women blogger conference?
What ever happened to Lisa Irwin? Why are these parents getting away with this?!?!?
How do you not turn that?
Thunderstorms are being predicted this afternoon. How is camp looking for weather preparedness?
NYU Housing residents: spending your NYE in NYC with guests? Make sure all of your guests have the appropriate ID req'd to be signed in.
I can navigate Santa Fe pretty good now, but you can't think about it with cardinal directions.
1⃣ final down 3⃣ to go Let's do this
Q: Why was the birthday cake as hard as a rock? A: Because it was marble cake! #joke #silly #q&a
My feet are cool ._.
so many installers and updates. 3 hours into the install and I'm still not done.
you called me and thought I was your mom?
I woke up this morning thinking shit is getting real very quick
To generate effective citations, create special offers for nearby business employees.
surgery done. Recovery is the worst part.
Yeah that is definitely the worst part of the movie. But you must be crazy not to be crazy about the dark knight!
Figured. Giving you grief. Game's getting good:-)
THX for the comments on my Blog. Memes do focus society, and, it also gets bent, like us! Very inciteful words! THX,
Head on out the door with your travel mug and get a free cup of Joe (or tea) from today for Earth Day!
can't wait to hear y'all and im anxious..but I'm tired and got to be up at 5:30am..:/
Dude, I knew it! That's a client of mine. I knew it the second tweeted it.
Hello to the
Cheating on your test is bad..but I can't help it lol
The post tags gave the answer away. :(
in Cincinnati, eating Krishna with my boyfriend. Life is good.
Happy B-Day ;D
just realized today is Terry Gilliam's Birthday. Happy Birthday wish to one of the greatest geniuses in film history
Fridah is reading exceptionally well! I'm so proud of her!!!!
#wcphilly: Open Source Support: Most ridiculous support ticket: someone wrote in a two paragraph rant agains the use of the word "Howdy…
LOL but still. They need to stop frackin' faking. That's top-shelf material they have their paws on!
Announcing a Wolf Camera Coupon for 20% Off Scrapbooking Materials Scrapbookers of the world can rejoice in an impressive Wolf Camera cou
Our pleasure!
": Send me a dm so I know its real."
11 seems so far away
That moment when you take a really big sip and realize your coffee was sweetened. The worst. The fucking WORST.
How many Generations of Man vs Man must we slay through before we reach Unification?
Thanks for the fracking link!
I just emailed you Roy, if the email on facebook is correct.
on me... I got Top Ramen! Lol!
Starbucks!! Everyday
Pens going to the cup, and docs lie!! "Pinch and a burn" is nothing like it says.
I spit dope lines like I was chewin on crack rocks/ My lyrics paint a picture like you're takin a snapshot
Donny Darko you ROCKED tonight in that Tango! Nice biceps ;) Absolute amazing teamwork! Very exciting night @ DWTS!!!
With my dyke
I would love to order Blackberry Grape online anywhere but CAN'T! HELP US!
Now you're just somebody that I used to know. Hahaha how relevant.
can i get one
The "Dreams Money Can Buy" beat is def in my top 5favorite beats ever made. Minus the "don't eff wit me" part. lol
It's Friday night - time for everyone to post Instagram pics of their alcoholic beverages. ;)
New York bound!
A bevy of beautiful young ladies will attend to your wants in Raphael's neckwear and gloves department, 15 Kearney Street.
that should tell you somethingg
please follow me!! Ill be soo happy & ill love you forever if u follow me!!!!:D PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME!! :)
Where's the party at tommorow? Courtney?? Lol
Ive gotten to Memphis TN there was a guy on the corner downtown with an iguana on his shoulder - it WILL be interesting
#AUNEPAD Media part and parcel of development, what is the role of Journalists in reporting AU and NEPAD?
ah *sings* thats what makes you beautiful!
Go to bed! DANG!
Great idea! I'm off to spend the day w/grand kids. I'll get back to you!
You're my blonde inspiration!
“: Nothing like last minute "this is what we really wanted" changes! ” Wurd! next it'll be "Make the logo bigger" Blaahshshsshahshd
te pege strep throat through twitter :( sorry
Wouldnt it be awesome if followed me that wouldnt happen though:( but ill always keep believing maybe one day it will(:
Somebody slap me. I taught the cockaiel to whistle Jingle bells. better than halls of montezuma which was taught while we were on vacation
I'm turning into that.
my boy I miss u Odee how u been
9 weeks until Indiana's primary. We are steppin it up across the district to listen to what matters to every Hoosier!
How are you achieving this #JustSayNoToTanLines ? ;)
God is going to do incredible things in your group through this series. Don't hesitate to send us some stories. ^Staff
actually I'm just planning to steal some from your office.
Jaguar Land Rover continues to expand - Ninemsn
SHOUT OUT TO !!
Think I am gonna go n at 4. Need to clear my head think of sum else
Aries Moon sext. Jupiter, conj. Venus: A great day for taking action! Shop, clean, take a hike, snowboard, socialize, put yourself out there
how are you?
I'm not a doctor, but I play one on TV. Guest starring on #PrivatePractice Thursday, 10pm with
I'm partial to books in print too. However, I love learning about all the technology and options that go along with eReading.
I more follower and I give you a shout-out!
and me.
VDO Promote Advertising Division.
I love my wife, I want her to be happy. But more than that, I want to do nothing. It's hard trying to have it all.
To some of you, Happy Stage Mother’s Day!
budlight? :) u need some whiskey or rum, but i guess bud will do. i am having a cigar and red wine 2night. Cheers.
It was an epic week in NYC with DJ Evo spinning three gigs with me.
Good movie. Ha. #CabinInTheWoods donnooo what were doing tomorrow... hopefully a good day outside!!
LMAO at mo williams falling
lmfao, why was there a sheriff at your house!
RT : When I can here my sister and her bf kissing < 😷😷😷😷 disturbing b.
Hey everybody it's me Mason who is outside playing in the mud getting ready for the run April 14th.
best believe I want your "D" Haha Lmfao
we try and we fall, but we live another day.
gosh I want him! Not Tony ewwie
where's it located? I would need more details to help with that question.
you make a very pretty girl :O
not at all. We might be the only two though.
no! to me talking to other peoples bf's makes me feel like im stealing them or something. some people can be mean about it.
When the Thought of Attempting with you Crosses My Mind, I just see a Big ass Yellow Sign that says "Caution"
when you were my friend .. :(
to Garry Shandling's show piss
"A woman is the full circle. Within her is the power to create, nurture, and transform." ~ Diane Mariechild
unless you don't have it off :-)
Hahaha too funny.
And here we go. On Wisconsin
*Fire alarm goes off* Teacher: ok kids single file line Me: MOVE BITCH IM ABOUT TO DIE!!!
I received a selfpromo spam blast email from an "accomplished leader of global digital influence" If u guy who I'll give you a shiny quarter
whoa! At which Target unacceptable.
I could live a happy and fulfilling life off of cheez its and sweet tea
did you burn any couches or flip over any cars?
had an AMAZING time in #Chicago sunday with Pat, can't wait to go upnorth & to Madison in a couple weeks!
Next time youre in The Valley, stop at Asahi Sushi on Balboa. Seriously is some of the best sushi Ive ever had and I cant stop going there.
I hate when people try to touch my face...
So, so great.
I founded CORE, organized the freedom rides & [brought] Gandhian techniques... to the struggle for racial equality. - James Farmer
I need you to give me some feedback on my music? Tell what songs you like www.Facebook.com/whitedawgmusic
Busy bee... buzz!!
Ctfu, Your Just A Walking Oxymoron.
...I'm all ova your girl like moisteriser...beware
wow thats kinda in possible!! haha
WE have the WOW for EDU Reforms/Excellence in Undergraduate/K-12 Teaching. We combine learning styles of Socrates/Einstein/Newton.
yes love it!! i would like to post it on my blog... please email the recipe at can't wait to try them!
asdfghjkl D: waaaaaah, omg im gonna die D: & yes ._.
We've got a lot to learn. God knows we're worth it.
support struggling learners; they have authority,flexibility&accountability to plan ind&small group support
exactly, and continues to remind us not to take our luxuries for granted!
They work for me as long as its not used everyday.
Ended a very long live cashless streak but 9th after coming in 3/9 at 300 Rivers FT. QQ<AA. YUCK!!!YUCK!!!!
yyeeaahhh man party hard this wknd buddy
Do you think our music fits their genre?
I would've started watching Boardwalk Empire sooner if I knew Michael Pitt was on it. I've had a crush on him since I was 11.
More boos for Pats, right?
Rick Ross Birthday Bash 2night Hosted By Diddy... #StudioLife Will be in the building VIP
after further review, it's cheaper for me to stay in my apartment until the end of my lease than it is to move out
How I abhor this place, its sweet and bitter taste has left me wretched, retching on all fours
okay! :) what time you work
Zoidberg played dubstep before it was popular.
Don't expect to profit from what you did not invest
WHERE WE'RE YOU TODAY!! I MISSED YOU </3
Indeed. RT : Twitter can be summed up in 4 catergories: Creators, Debators, Haters, and Masturbators.
you think hahaha
Feeling a little sneezy this afternoon; tis the season, I guess! But still, I love the Springtime and it's almost official! Yay!
The only way to have a friend is to be one
While waiting on SB tix to be given away, I noticed that Kalen Irsay gained a follower lol.
Oh, SneakerNet! I get it!
And I got a sunburn... Including a worse farmers tan -____-
Won't be tweeting for q while...hope I don't lose any followers
Yeah, the 1760s had its issues. Boyce was fantastic but JCBach was a pale shade of JSBach.
I still don't think its hot enough to be in the water tho
#FF back at you Esteemed colleagues: Honored!
what about your boy Sanjay?
Must see flick(a): WAR HORSE. I had low expectations, thought it'd be a cheesy movie. WOW! Go see-thx me later!
Saaaaaaaaaaweet. Yes you are.
Day 2 of the draft is just as important as day 1. The Browns must address WR and RT tonight. Could really set up the offense nicely.
I cant wait for Hume 1st and 2nd I mean on a Friday and on a Saturday! I cant wait(:
The 5th discipline. The answer to how is yes. Books to read.
Began the school day with an essay about how cooking lobsters alive should be considered animal abuse. Ended the day with lobster ravioli.
Sacramento officially getting an arena!!? That's pretty tight!!!
Finished A business litig. binding arbitration. Closing arguments by briefing instead of live. Mid 6 figures at stake in 2 related cases.
Glee as walk-up music at game. That's different.
If Aundrea Fimbres came to my house and sang Damaged I would feel so much better!
Prepping for Irene!!! This could get interesting, stay tuned!
"Nothing is in good taste unless it suits the way you live." -Billy Baldwin
...if I used a pink ribbon in a marketing initiative and was promoting something other than fighting women's cancers. We all...
follow my boy He makes look like a back up dancer
We're negotiating and hope to air the games. No timeline yet-sorry for miscommunication. Will keep you posted.
What I still wonder in Braun case, is who leaked it? Everybody claims innocence.
I pushed 1000+lbs with my legs 2day, that's a little more than I did in High School...
Kathy Lee is wildly inappropriate.
No they are family
TY! RT : RT : The reason some people have no room for wisdom is because they are too full of judgment.
Thanks so much! I'm definitely blessed. :)
#IwishIcould get more Baltimore high school juniors to register for this MAJOR scholarship opportunity:
Are they still together? I thought I read something in Rolling Stone saying they were done...
(Learning Is Fun!)
Community Supported Music. CSM puts dollars in the pockets of local musicians, enhances local communities and contributes to a good vibe!
#Espn Caddie I would have my resume ready for Tiger Woods . I got a feeling he fires his caddie after #pga loss. Hear it 1st
pretty picture
You think this the best thing for you right now?
#edcampis noting lots of little uses of Google forms cropping up as something teachers use for student/ peer feedback
Morning Norm!
And by "phenomenal," means that there was Mexican food and MUCH conversation re: Elaine Stritch. So.
Sag awards!
so go to school in Boston, or come to chill with me at BU
You're you going to know its real when I stop giving a fuck !
woman warrior
Choose to participate in your life, because it will always refuse to stand still even if you are.
No food in this damn house like always -_-
Check it out!!! www.arillenblaylock.com
Proud of myself!
hahaha the icons are on a rampage 2012 nothing and no one is safe
"Umami" is a Japanese term that describes the taste that combines sweet, sour, bitter, and salty together into a "fifth sense."
A suicide occurs on average every 15 minutes in the U.S. Alcohol is a factor in about 30%. American Foundation for Suicide Prevention.
I'm thankful for you! X
talkin to him makes me happy <3
How do I become guide on the side in 7th grade? Worried students will socialize instead of be self learners
The basketball finals should be coming up really soon!
word me too. Watching a movie lol I need sumn to do
That video was all that & a bag of chips 💗
Nothing turns your world upside-down more than realizing you've been singing the wrong lyrics for 20 years.
A2: Even though I live here I'm not a Jags or Gators, but I respect Tebow a lot. Jville on a whole is awaiting his return.
I try, I try so hard, and I get nothing back.
I guess it's not your day
second GROW47 committee meeting last night. Great ideas and lots of progress. Another announcement coming tomorrow!
try FB's on 6th. Great food!
The novel "Master and Margarita" by Bulgakov is all about the carnivalesque destruction of normalcy when the Devil turns up in Moscow.
In my way out the door but wanted to ask if anyone has an opinion about redgage.com????
What's the oddest topic about which believes YOU to be influential? (Mine happens to be Steak???)
I HATE CONDOMS”
I worked in Hollywood as a reader and a would-be writer for about 6 years before I sold my first story. -- Sidney Sheldon
haha i knew that i played somewone last night on wifi that i thought was u lol?
"I do like gentlemen, when they r intelligent & agreeable; every body in pants does not fascinate me." 2/3/1869
free lil Ivan & Cripple
"The land of healing lies within, radiant with the happiness that is blindy sought in a thousand outer directions. - Swami Vivekananda
Follow me cause I like One Direction :D
HAPPY NEW 2012 WILL BE AWESOME!!!
I haven't thought about those in years! I had one in black.
i met yesterday & took a picture with him <3 i need to find out how to get those pictures :T
Please dont let sing during this recap! lol
If you ask a PROFESSIONAL their PROFESSIONAL opinion and use statements like "I'm not a professional", it's insulting when you don't listen
what'd you get him? Lol, and hmm thats weird.
A must-#FF-- is in da house! Drummer , poet, litmag editor of The Cultural Society, Great to see u!
flexibility training decreases the occurrences of muscle imbalances, joint dysfunctions, and overuse injuries
Didn't reach those 25 followers by midnight. So I'm gonna watch The Last Dragon... Goodnite
#Huger Games tonight!
Im trying to get some head fromJulia Roberts
Lap Tops are becoming like typewriters. In 5 years our digital lives will be dramatically different.
I'm really getting tired of Adele
hey you tweet for yourself?
Karin and I both thank you for mentioning her guest-post; it's much appreciated!
I hate this mosquito bite on my foot
RT : Short term future? Ever see the QM2 swing a U-ey??
I am rooting for your little Giants. I hope they stomp the cowgirls.
finished my two monday books, re-starting "The Fountainhead" by Ayn Rand
A Romney chose to stay home w her boys, that's great. But most women can't choose. They must work. She's no expert on them.
OMG Clippers PLEASE WIN! Take their HCA! Just like they took ours!
awww that makes you even cuter!
I don't know; I'll get used to it though. Where ever I move to, I'll sleep better.
Whats ur take: like them or not?
Counter Lady just made a calculated gesture toward the tip jar at me at Taco Bell.
Any recommendation for a great merchant credit card processor who has a solid API and excellent support?
You seen the poor girl's photos? .__.
I've got slides. I'm mostly doing a revision of the previous landscape assignment, but expanding on it.
Our home town rockers RootsCovenant are backing Sister Nancy tonight and NSE is here covering it. Videos will be up soon!
That is awesome! We are trying 4 that in H's class right now, but they told us they don't know if they can do that- no food class.
Fla is SO waitin on u buddy!!!
Lil boy!!! Tricks r 4 kids...grow the fcc up...
Being #TeamTall makes you unique and is a gift, #Embrace it! I love my height, I hope you love yours too! #TeamTallGirls #TeamLongLegs :)
Chauncey Jackson just shredded ACL/MCL in both knees in a game of pickup, but he still has offers from every school in the country
You are very welcome! :)
roses are red violets are blue , hes for me and not for you.
You're the reason I wake up every morning. LOL just kidding, I have school.
I don't think Haleigh's gonna tweet back. I think she's going to sleep. 😞💤
Seek what you want. Not what you don't. If you don't know what you want then you'll just be distracted by the things you don't.
It's lunch time! Arroz con Pollo Shepard's Pie Chicken Tortilla soup
Remember , you all rock and you can do anything , as long as you set your mind to it :)
And Bob said, Let there be cheesecake: and there was cheesecake. And Bob saw the cheesecake, and it was good
Time for me to listen to some
<---- Doing all of the things that I do not want to do!!!! 2012 .... AKA ... Designated driver ( On Prom Night) *Seeing Tings I don't wanna
Everytime I wash my hands I have to get 3 pieces of paper towel
*sigh* I want someone cute to text.
$AAPL stock market is still alive for now. Market hiding stealth hits. And Greece, sell the news. Time to roll out more short lines.
keep the energy up this morn, LB JR. tis a rough morning...
is an orange juice obsession unhealthy?
Does anyone want to follow me cuz today is my birthday!!!
i know thats why I rememberd it lmfao . I seen it outside my window and I was like :o lol
RT if you agree that Austin has a nice body!
Channeling spring!
With compliments like that you get free wax job!
keys are locked in the laundry room still :/ no beuno.
that does take a lot of self control! :)
We are going to be letting followers like you know - working out the notification system right now. It's be through twitter :D
“Let us not look back in anger, nor forward in fear, but around in awareness.” - James Thurber
- we just upped the # of connections to our server - is the link working for you now? If not please email us at
Jerome wins "audience choice" award at
Sometimes the chefs get crazy...Ballpark pancake o' day "Pig in a Sleeping Bag" inside, Maple Syrup & butter on top
That makes sense. Yea I was surprised Upshaw was still there
Participant at Conference: Dale Cressman from
Their Is A Difference Between A Break And A Break Up.
Can i see Yesenia tomorrow? She's pretty legit. :)
you know that's right
Coming up @ 4:03 PM on CCO RADIO. We'll hear from Sen. Al Franken and Cook Co. Attorney Tim Scannell. Scannell was shot 3 times last Dec.
for the record, I hate international soccer but that was amazing!! sports are awesome!
our mobile phone has more computing power than all of NASA in 1969. NASA put a man on the moon. We put a bird into pigs.
funny now but yesterday I found a squerril in a return duct yesterday. I think I jumped back 20 ft
I am having serious blazer envy this morning re and Jordan Alexander Stein
Fav's tonight! Adele and Glen Campbell!
wow....thats pretty big...even Denise Derringers aren't that big...
Day 1- actually in a good mood for some reason. Ate ice cream. And I should be sleeping.
Of course not! That's hanging in the servants' water closet.
well , only the peach and pink ones ..
Had the best weekend with my sisters and brother...just the big kids at home ;)
Operation Native Son setback: I'd have to spend $4 in fares (or walk 2 hrs) & get 2 West Philly to check out Baldwin essays. Hold it is. :/
I hope today is better than yesterday
School has like never been cancelled for a thunder storm. Besides, this is all going to be gone in the morning I think.
Countdown: 74 days
Facebook Lite: For those who can't handle the good stuff.
Congratulations, Nice Job! You must be a rolling stone. Ha! Get it?
#TweetYourFavCartoon , Courage the Cowardly Dog ! , the Powerpuff Girls , Dexter Labortary ! ♥ ( Cartoon Network ]
Our new apartment is really coming together
Hey Portland, #pdxclinic is the hashtag for today. Stay tuned for updates from the clinic throughout the day.
#Unsigned artists who are serious about music. Why haven't we exchanged music? Let's network!
My life is complete. I am now friends with Laura McGrath Weaver on Facebook.
Off to the May Day Parade. I earned my future corndog at the gym this morning.
I am in a fabulous mood this morning...Landing in the beauitful Dominican Republic in less than 3 hours...
Good Morning.... Happy Tuesday!
Dude. I left Miami in 2008. You're late :-)
Sleep happens now. But tomorrow, , you get my fierce blogommentary on the experience.
Don't be that stoked RT : Going to duarte for my first ever sonic experience
Hm.... The free beer is gone. Any predictions on how long it takes 75 hipsters to disperse?
How are you?
This may be the most boring movie ever.
Pretty nice
Well, I am not really a fan, but he does appear on quite a few magazine covers....many adolescent boys have copied the look.
Found you through Looking forward to your tweets!
Oh so glad I found my boy . I miss you so much it's unreal ):
So blessed to have an amazing family, I am ever grateful :) ♥
or Ben Stiller is only 5'7" which I think he is
Can we add info lit to GE outcomes? Please? “: AACU learning outcomes: info literacy is one of 10 essential learning outcomes"
And that's a problem?????
ya u do look hot in skinny jeans
Cash rules everything around me..
I am just saddened by attacks on her integrity. Whoever decided this (D or R) was going to get slaughtered. It's too bad.
Dude, he was so fine back then. Dave Kendall of course. Matt Pinfield was never hot.
A sharp tongue is no indication of a keen mind.
They said it on the radio......
The key to immortality is first living a life worth remembering. ~ Bruce Lee
Check out and "like" Repro Health Daily's Facebook page! Ask any questions you might have about #reproductive and #maternalhealth !
shall I start the taps on the season?
ATTENTION PUBLIX SHOPPERS!! If you can't properly maneuver the shopping cart with one hand, HANG UP THE DAMN CELL PHONE!!!
pretty impressive group
Police hunt for suspect in Kensington fatal shooting. We talk to a man who spoke to suspect Phil Gilberti AFTER the shooting on News4 at 6
Thanks very much for the kind words, let me know if you have questions or comments. cc
thank you, Cristi! :)
Yes :) Even I will skip and sing when you come for visit :) Please do!!
Chilling with a book and juat squandering the crap outta this beautiful day and kinda OK with that.
*disappears into the woods*
i wish you would see all my #imagine tweets.. it would mean alot if u do,their in my favorites:) -anna (7)
the lob that westbrook just gave to KD though
Hi Margot, thanks for following us. We're exhibiting at Decorex in London, are you going?
EVERYONE please be a part of the kony 2012 movement. Doing everything you can to help out! Get a kit and join us in April 20th 2012!!
Watching Empire Strikes Back with the crew. :)
wah 'happen your champagne bottle?
omg right...how funny
Dear Mama.. you are appreciated! Happy mothers day!
NVHomes Announces Grand Opening of Deep Creek Village in Annapolis, New Luxury Grand Townhomes from the $340&#39;s and ...
I'm so excited for our future plans, classmate ;)
hey buddy, when is a good time for us to swing by and grab the goods?
Tired,and don't feel good...
Needs to get some good breakfast Right Now
Ah church tonite
They changed a couple of elements in John Carter that were key in the 100 yr old book so it would make sense as a 2012 movie - worked well
Follow me, I'm lost without you.
Those moments when ur soo nervous that your heart is about to jump out of you chest. OwnsMyHeart:)
We are open at 11am!
thank you baby!!
i know, likewise :)
If Twitter had existed in the 20th century, I imagine Truman Capote writing for the Plaza, Hemingway for the Ritz.
CLICK PHOTOS PERSONAL AUTOGRAPH PIC'S MARK ROBERT BROWN AS "DON' IN "AND THE CHILDREN SHALL LEAD" ORDER @
Nights like this I'm so glad I pay a bit more to have my car in the underground garage.
unacceptable. Have I taught you nothing?? Disgrace...
Been running around for the past few days; gonna stay home and relax for the rest of the night.
u smell *
It’s time for #BattleTrack again on Friday! Our resident (HipHop) vs. (House)!
fingers crossed!
thank you! She knows it... Lol
hey I'm at my appointment I will call u later!
grrr.. Comcast is making me mad. About 2 seconds from shipping the box back
I want to be the first woman president.
I'm so angry, you don't trash talk CYNDI LAUPER, OK???? Don't Cry No more isn't lame, but if you get sing it better, lemme hear it.
What he said ---> RT : will we be getting the announcements on the other events soon to save money on travel?
Back to my not getting up early, start whenever in afternoon route that I love. Sunday's I wake to hit the college stores early but-
Day is cloudy.. :-) Thanks...for asking
No one at work is talking about the #Oscars. That pretty much sums it up.
Thanks so much! RT : Have learned that the May issue will be the last for - sad news. Best wishes to IW staff!
De-pitting a nectarine is like trying to convince Flavor-Flav not to do a reality show.
Thanks Brett!
ha ha! Sorry for the confusion... =)
Really?? I once lived with a cat named Bill Murray. "God damnit, Bill Murray pooped in the closet again!"
sweet dreams!
So great meeting Owners & Managers at , , , and #Cuvee yesterday, everyone should follow them!
Adios Ruby on Rails, welcome back JavaScript
#13thingsilove consecutive days off :D
Hahaha RT : Praying for World Peace has a whole new meaning now... smh
hey , any chance I could get a short interview with you about GLJ? let me know!
Dear CO Dept of Revenue.. your online tax system is the WORST I have EVER seen in my life. No wonder we have a state deficit.
David Bell, sales development & training, Houston, TX, improving performance
I know they learn from your show!
I am definitely going to be heading over this weekend! Cannot wait.
About to get the king's tour of Woolen Mills with two Charlottesville sages.
It's not realistic to seek what you don't believe in. Believe in your dreams to take the proper steps to achieve them
Thanks Jim. Didn't realize until yesterday that Dave & I were b-day buds happy b-day to good peeps and
oh yes. Preparing my liver now.
Ignorance is hopeless. Education is priceless. Choose education.
All set up, so what to do next? Ahh contract to finish, check some emails, and update the main website, fun fun.....
I am just peachy thanks for asking and yourself?
Paige is teaching me how to wobble ;) lol ...that means I get to watch her shake her ass ;)
The Class of 99 was a good one!
Your wealth can only grow to the extent that you do. T. Harv Eker
Lawrence Weschler will be speaking tonight at 7PM at the Menil Collection.Come by the bookstore on your way to the lecture and browse.
Mini-me passed on the green danky doo to this guy :(
We're playing our newest song 'Number in Blood' this Friday. It's kinda White Stripes meets System of a Down with a sprinkle of Kylie.
RT : Thanks for the mention, :) I appreciate the support! Always!! Hope you had a great week Jamie! ♥ Aoede ♪♫
Surprise smash hit of the night: 2007 Syrah "Bien Nacido." And with good reason, I might add.
Andy Van Slyke's son was called up by the Dodgers. Does that mean I'm old?
o tough one but i choose chillin with Austin shirtless.....yum
I'm an east side Cleveland wild boy
RT : Sorry to be missing Pitch tonight. Keep rockin' those crazy-great ideas, #chicago #startups!
my women smh you want something that's been in my bed sucking me off? That's pretty corny but fuck I get it you want to be me
Watching 's Ustream! I wanna buy those Earphones! So cool. :)
We're working on this now! Our 3 locations do offer 2 different non dairy flavors at all times Try the Pomegranate Raspberry Sorbet
Water main break in Bernalillo forcing schools to close at 10am. Busses will run to p/u kids
RT : We'll ask a trivia Q every 10 mins & randomly pick a winner Prize pork coupons Weber grill & other items
If I ask my mom to take a picture for me with my phone there is a 99% chance it will be a video of me yelling "IT'S THE BUTTON ON FRONT!"
Boo springing forward.
Fact: Honey is the only food that doesn't spoil.
If happy after did exist I wish to be holdin you like this- Maroon 5
Thanks for being my 200th follower
Just a look far beyond what we see / A hello – we’ve neglected to say / Just a boat as a dot in the sea / Just no us. No you. No me.
Your recent blog was dead on :) You should consider being a Professor. Teach Women's Studies through Soaps. I'd register!
its fine.
HUSTLIN is key to balanced diet. Get yo weight up!!
were at so i can post it brother
Ah, my own private Utopia.
Thanks for your advice, time to get down to business!
I should have told you what you meant to me, cause now I pay the price
“Politics is the art of looking for trouble, finding it everywhere, diagnosing it incorrectly and applying the wrong remedies.”~Groucho Marx
duh bieber in my room!! And nah just shorter lol
I was in Quebec then Ottawa. Part of the events in the Ottawa festival were the "ice sculpture" shows. Quite impressive.
classes are canceled, that's what I meant to say. blame it on snow madness.
it is
I just got a text and the only response I could come up with was "what the hell could you possibly want?"
It's chalk. I assure you it isn't permanent.
Loving to see incoming and outgoing mail by on #ShowAndMail!
Teaching what double dribbling is! And clock management! And
Our mission is to provide you with the highest-quality products and services possible in a timely fashion and at a competitive price.
The Max train may stop you if your timing is bad but only for a matter of seconds.
All day in the apt. doing HW isn't so bad if you are reading "The Book Thief" and expecting the love of your life to come home any minute!
Sweet! I'll be there!
Dewpoint & temperature within 2 degrees meaning drying conditions poor for chip repairs. Not scheduling any more repairs at this time.
i shall meet Greg Mahoney this summer <3 #1 on my list! (:
And again I find myself in the lib. Not doing my homework. And wanting to drink.
Trying to complete the hardest puzzle ever! All the pieces are basically the same color!
within reasonable time, and the question also grammatically implies "new" (thank that little "-er" on the end of "stronger")
Yeah it's funny watching you dance like lil John RT : can we have a campfire every night :)
#20ThingsAboutMe 3. I tend to get annoyed with the past.
our fearless leader, Kat!
Anti-Fraud: The highest form of control is knowing when to let go and hire an expert!
i remember i used to say "tho" then switched to "doe" now im back on "tho"
it's just a lot of pain but fades quickly
How 'bout dem O's?
Nick I'm dropping a new single next month that might interest you.
Tim Howard. A goalie. Scored a goal. From across the entire field.
Giant baby says "Wahhh!"
I love how is accepting donations for an untether they didn't make. ( )
Tribe Marketing
this is your daily dose of "I love you" smile pretty, doll!
Why is every disagreement "a war" and every anomalous event "an armageddon"? How about some perspective?
Worst night of my life last night. Who wants to come over and cuddle while I ugly cry?
Thank you!
that was the term used in the GOPs presentation!
There's no accounting for taste.
Texting and calling me 100 times while im asleep <
nows the part of the draft where im like shut up roger.
Sadly, I am having trouble thinking of a taco-related copyright question for :-(
Congratulations on all of your academic success! ^bw
Why would y'all sign up for that?? #dumbos RT : Still defrosting from jogging class
De que?
Dont foget to send a direct message to the fan club and tell us why you should win a autograph
you're welcome! Congrats on the great episode!
i feel like a horrible gf now because i took a nap instead of talking to my bf 8(
#beachboys tribute was amazing and don't even get me started about #adele. love. can't wait for jennifer hudson to sing whitney!
WHEN I FEEL LIKE IT!
Del Negro is gonna git McMillian'd by his team - don't u think D'Antoni would be a perfect fit for Lob City?
I always have fun at the Hunter house :)
why aren't you going..?
2012 indianapolis Flower and Patio show. Through Sunday. Call LEGACY for free tickets.
As long DEr gone be Sum Chocolate dur haha
We're glad you loved it, Ed! We hope to see you again soon!
Listening to new album Under Fire trying to calm my nerves before I go to my job interview
When in doubt, wear red. ~Bill Blass
I was on a ship train!!!!!
#howtobehappy The less you give a fuck, the happier you will be.
#TheNYRangers defeat #Wash_Caps in 3OT. NY leads series 2-1. Memories of Easter Sat/ Sun w NYI v Caps.
More rain!! Ah
Scmidt is HEEELLLAAAARRRIOUS!!! I LOVE that show
he was just walking behind me and he goes "idk why but lately everyones been telling me I reek of weed"...
We're glad we could help you celebrate. Could you also tell we still have his red hat here.
Tonight the south has drawn their line in the sand and decided that they will repeat history and deny minority rights, remember what happens
Brenly probably my least favorite person in all sports besides Bo Ryan of course
Thanks so much for the RT!
thanks Isaac! I think you are a really cool game as well!
We just completed a big round of rewrites today and the script is getting closer to being production ready!
keep your head up, hell of a year! They brought a lot of joy to my life this year!
wtf. i told spencer. what kinda brother is he!? lol but thanks dude. forreal!
Getting up this early is for the birds...
im better so much better noww ♫ ♫ ♪ ♪ ♩
TODAY'S THE DAY!!! Come visit me at the #Etsy booth TODAY at #CraftyBastards from 3-5!! Booth number #65 :D
Why does it seem like it has been forever?! We hope you're doing well!
"We are looking for 30 beautiful women, such as you, for a photo shoot." Heard on nyc street. Not talking to me.
Can we do a ph. call or txt meeting? Don't have a comp now. If u want to do skype I can make that happen tomorrow at the studio.
Interviewer: "I've heard GLEE rumors." Greyson: "I...uh...I'm hoping. I would love to be on GLEE."
OMG #BeyondTrayvon Child is murdered & they background checked him but not Zimmerman.
Heres another one for every win : #ROLLTRIBE !!
Relay for Life is tonight! Haven't pulled an all-nighter for 2+ years! Ugh..need nap now!
Met w/ teacher of the second-grade class at Emeryville's public elementary school where I'll be teaching poetry-writing again as volunteer!
bubble baths are the best
If I could revive ONE dead musician for a live encore performance, I'd choose #StevieRayVaughn. What about you?
GK was talking to a neighbor out a window today. World's greatest kitteh? Are there really any contenders?
have you ever been in the situation where you've lost your phone and keys?
someone cuddle me
definitely! But for the avg person, even kids, if you stop people from looking at your data, photos, messages, it's good.
Jordan says efforts by the district to keep documents secret were based on objections by the U.S. Dept of Ed
Yeah ... its not over yet ... were just getting started !!!! Summer 2012 >>>
Going on a run and hitting the gym
Thanks for waking me up so dayum early! Now you got to make the coffee run....ha ha
My takeaway so far from #DevLearn is to do whatever tweets ;)
I played your oldies today while I worked out it was awesome want u 2 know that you r one of the best..truly the greatest!
Hungry for volunteer work, cultural immersion, and adventure?! Join us at #TeenLifeLIVE NYC and check out our sponsor
Seeking design inspiration? Nab a #candiedbacon sundae at #honkeytonkbbq in Pilsen, Chicago
Can I get a RT for being a huge Sharks fan? I have a Joe Pavelski jersey! And you threw me a ball once! And it's my birthday!
you're right. They pay me for my GOOD ones.
Sorry, is a bad (AWESOME) influence
my b day is january 13
sully! today at school, i had an epiphany. i related my whole life right now to what you went through!
Charlize Theron: &#39;I would jump off a building for Kristen Stewart&#39;
Proverbs 29:18Misfortunes, untoward events, lay open, disclose the skill of a general, while success conceals his weakness, his weak points
I wish i could meet i just know we'd be great friends! lol
I love seeing people bitch about how the #AmazingSpiderMan is not the same storyline. THAT'S THE POINT, DUMBASS!
all these memories making me emotional.
what you need is to renounce terrorism
Being in an over crowded basketball gym << Being in a basketball gym with little to no people >>
"what restaurant isn't farm to table?"- Thomas Keller. Um most of them are not. I don't agree with this flippant dismissive response
18 years ago today genius passed. May we always remember the brilliance of Bill Hicks....
good morning everyone! there's too much blood in my caffeine system, need more coffee ricky tick
When giving notification to participants it's appropriate to get ahead of the curve; gives opp to show everything sponsor has done
I put them by bed and by living room couch. Kitchen islands are handy place too.
Vanessa Hudgens must be hating her life after seeing Zac in this movie.
Funding Roundtable in a little over an hour! 7:30 pm in Leavey Club Room. Come join the conversation!
Thanks to everyone who came in and visited us this weekend!
Just had an amaze girl catch up night! no names please ;)
I love how, in scary movies, the person yells out, "Hello?" As if the bad guy is gonna be like, "Yeah, I’m in the kitchen! Want a sandwich?
Why did i get a twitter again
He should really stop hanging out with the wrong crowd before its too late.
SPECIAL: Back To School this week. $1 OFF All 24oz. Smoothies!!!
Cant wait to leave Africa & go to Europe
he must have seen the Ray J video 1 too many times
yes!! I am currently at my 1930 murder mystery party!
don't pretend like you're so religious when we all know what you do.
da mean is if u stay geeked up like drunk and high...u a dork
“Exhilaration is that feeling you get just after a great idea hits you, and just before you realize what's wrong with it.” – Joe Moore
What pointers or advice would you give someone about living and working in #WashingtonDC?
Man Fuck Naw. I'm Hot Af Right Now. You Got A Spot?
My house :-) : I need recommendations: where can I find the largest, most perfectly made dirty vodka martini... In the world?
At work...and it's kind'a boring 😒
Sometimes you just want too but the body is tired and worn out. :'(
Gosh I know. !(: I would freak out.
We are working on getting a new promotion schedule ready. We hope you have enjoyed our freebies. Any food promo suggestions let us know.
lol praise baby jesus
I Haven't Done My Nails In Like 2 Month, Thats Bad :/
That awkward moment when your grandma says 'Fo Sho'
please follow she really needs 6 followers til 680!!!! Let's go!
Merry Christmas!! <3
Don't spit up my ass and tell me It's raining out there tough guy! RT : ya gonna get cute, funny, fresh wit me?
Oml I need a plain white t shirt so I can make my 1D shirt before I find something to do.
Stupid BITCH
I needa head scratch...
Most likely my last tweet since the world is suppose to end today...wait for it, wait for it...
Ozark Missouri - New Storm Product- Sandless sandbags- A revolution to sandbagging operations.Out of the box and to the water, ready in mins
595k. Ty again for the lucky coffee
oops -just bought my shirt & whoever set up the email receipt template should learn how to spell their employer's name! :)
First 100 followers down! Keep spreading the word! Your support means the world to us!
what's up :D
Thank you for the love. Do you follow Jim on twitter? Check out
sounds like fun
lol. Do you ever visit LA anymore?
UR DOCTOR SAID THAT!!!?? RUDE
yea u the only one I think
I feel like I got punched in the face by Perhaps it was my own doing.
Going to bed. Night my peeps(: I hope you all had a good day!
Family wanted to watch a movie. I felt like a lump, I did nothing today...
Just renewed my tickets for the 2012-13 season. If you're not already, think about subscribing--support the arts in IN!
Boy how big is you?
Ask yourself what elements the reporter will need to tell the story. Don't send all over town, bring it all to one location.
thanks now I'm 😃
career search
I wish I had even a fraction of the talent that you have. Don't get me wrong, I think I have some talent. But you're incomparable
New York Yankees need to step up there game
It;s going to be hard to drink a cold beer in this Texas heat
Loving #FrimpongFacts and #FrimmyFacts. Every fan should take a look. :)
Come on Gators, bring it to Nawlins!
crazy is what a crazy does yeeeeeaaa!
The experience of God, or in any case the possibility of experiencing God, is innate
If there was ever a time i needed a SERIOUS pep talk to ever pick up a pen and white another rhyme it's now!!
(AP) -- Apple Inc., the world's most valuable company, trumped skeptics once again by reporting blowout iPhone sales
The Breakfast Meeting: Touch-Ups at Teen Magazines, and Goldman&#39;s Friendly Face
Not gonna lie, I read it out of idle curiosity. It's epically awful. I can't believe anyone reads it unironically.
RT: On the market & on our block tonight! Expect star studded night tonight for the stunning !
I hate coughing.
Ha! Yeah, a 6 month old, 2 and a half and 6 year old singing "Dirty crusty asses ride with us!" my brother will love that.
Loving blue shirt remix! What do you pair with your chambray?
OMG I LOVE THAT SHOW!!!!
No really bitch where have you been
Lol aww that sucks ive been good how about you?
Microsoft's Office current critical updates for Mac = 500+ MBs. Does memory grow on trees now? Sorry for all you with less than 500GB HDs.
nope your argument is invalid
Thanks, Meredith!
Happy Friday!!!
everything I make is delicious. Everything.
I knew i wouldn be out of here til 12
Our trainers are so empathetic and helpful! They want to know your specific goals (and problem areas!...no kidding). Ask for Big Dan.
“: “A person who gets information from 20 different sources is almost impossible to propagandize.” #LiveAtState”
"Blood Money Media" race baitors, post Zman from 2005, instead of a black picture 2012, why would the Nazi be marching for a black latino.
No. You look like an overweight 14 year old girl doe.
As long as you're getting laid over -- when ya coming back to Wisconsin?
If I had to go potty so bad I couldn't hold it I might squat in a bush. Never on a public street and never take a pic! did both.
great manifestation!
well be back at the Westside Comm Mkt in summer. just , Madison, and
So baby let me love you down
Love this place.
drinking that weird NJ-brand guaraná
Good news on both fronts. Thanks!
RT WAY impressed w/breadth of innovation/entrepreneur/tech classes+programs global+local project partners.
What an amazing weekend in CHI CITY... Didn't even have time to tweet!
So...Do you think I will be able to catch a wave today
Thanks in large part to 's time and diligence, we'll be signing final papers on Friday and homeowners shortly thereafter!
Pop-up up bake shop today. At Manhattan Theatre Source, 177 MacDougal St. from 4:30-9:30 with free brownie samples. Not joking.
Maybe should come up with his own submission move ?!? Call it the mousecatcher ! Meowww !
I'm just getting out of bed but it was so worth it. Right, ?
control ya liquor
It's Sunday but it looks like a good week already!
we all will
You can have him when I have other plans or I'm out of town hahaha
Super 8 son
I thought the same thing!!!!(:
You can't make the same mistake twice. The second time is not a mistake, it's a choice.
Curiosity killed the cat!
uploading one on soundcloud tonight
It's so funny when someone asks me "who do you like?" & I stare right at the person I like & say "no one".
Wish I was smart
I just saw somewhere that it's National Coffee Day. That would explain why I'm on Nespresso #3 at 9:40 am. Oh wait, that's every day.
Better late than never!
Thankss for letting me go on and on about this.(':
Thx for the #ff, great to see you on twitter again :-)
So excited to see present at #NewTech tonight! Love Karla!
Way to welcome the Cornhuskers to the Big Ten Badgers!!! Now take out the rest of the conference!
": Alcohol is never the answer... But it does help forget the question."
where ya at bro?
COULD I GET AT LEAST 50 PEOPLE TO GET FREE NIKE AIR YEEZYS OF YOUR CHOICE BY NEXTWEEK! JUST REFER 25 BUYERS SIGN-UP @
...only once you've seen it.
The Freddie news on NPR is not shocking but incredibly ridic. Shut down their gambling.
My boyfriend >
Watshing some classic matches from the mid 80's! This guy was naturally entertaining!
i rly cant wait for the olympics ok
Hey , you doing anything fun for SXSW?
It's V-Neck season guise!
when ever you want!
is suffering from insomnia.. Please help
I can't believe she's dead tho. She should have stayed away from drugs and those pills she was taken or whatever.
yeah, I've known since I was at least 12, officially out last year ;) I have pride and no shame!
no, that was a 59 caddy hearse. This is a 57 Chevy wagon.
I will be on wheel of fortune before I die
Gearing up for the open house!
Nothing excites me less than Alex Smith.
Congrats to - you've won a free signed ticket, flyer, and flyer!! A rep will DM you :)
Cannot get enough of this sun right now. Anyone up for daily doubles this week?
Really hate it when things fall through!
That, and people citing their experience as "mangers", is a typo I see on at least a third of the resumes that cross my desk.
Tired watching
WHY AREN'T YOU AT SCHOOL? D:<
Yep, gotta love Bo's sarcastic cheers.
miss u more are u ready
playing like he wants to win a championship
I was legit scared for a second until I read the link
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter it was just to follow and I had no clue what #hashtags were
Here is today's clue for our Santorini Sweepstakes: The winner lives near water! Like this status if you still have a chance!
Today is the anniversary of Dr Martin Luther King's assassination. Remember this great #leader today!
Great.. Send me link of your new band... I cant wait when you work for ME..:P
Brand new song almost finished!!!
We all want the same shit. It's just how we achieve at getting that shit.
Can't you float?
greatness. achieved.
So your bday is Feb 15th, eh? Well, I'm a Valentine's baby. This is explains SO much. Hahaha!
Recurring Q at #FSA2011: "How do we authenticate someone who seeks sensitive info over the phone?" See financial services sector practices!
thank you Ronda. You are so awesome.
@ wOrK, way to0 eArLy! thaNk gOd 2M0Ro iS fRiDay, 3day weEkeNd, wo0Oo0....!
what video? If love to.(:
Why we need to laugh: A keen sense of humor helps us to overlook the unbecoming, understand the unconventional.....
Yeah I called that, if anyone was wondering
Happy Friday everyone!
LOL... naw. We're not that close. I barely speak to her. But I did get a new 3 piece suit for the occassion. :)
RvP is incredible... That goal might provide crucial for 's quest to finish in the top four. Best striker in the world?
will be out 'n' about 2nite! :-)
Somebody make me laugh...
Birthday shopping for me!!! Yay.
: I hope she has a good day today. :)
what's going on Sal?
Burping in the hallways >>>
pretty good so far. Trying not to fall asleep though.
#RISE above it!
Her presence on sideline is great business for soft pretzel vendor RT Holly Rowe needs to give Baylor advice on boxing out
Hope you like man! No prob dude!
in love with your 'you da one' re-imagined,
as a fellow lover of all things pumpkin...I feel the need to tell you that the pumpkin spice k-cups are amazing.
Youtubing: Always entertaining to see a young Hugh Laurie as a theater actor
From the bottom of my heart I miss you
Seems like some partisan tweeting in light of Gannett's recent war on journalists who expose themselves as having opinions. :)
almost time for the voice :D
with my boys in lafeyette! man its been to long. drunk allready catching up! hitting the streets hard!
Is back again at WSCC/UWS for the final day of the symposium. Today's topic? #Kinesiotaping and #chiropractic. #Yes!
My dog is exiting the "cute puppy" phase & entering the "I need to chew on everything" phase. Still adorable, but gonna need more pig ears.
Today i watched "Mr. Poppers penguins' haha :) It's so funny!
girl I'm like God is speak directly to me. Amazing
Its 12:00! You know what that means 😍💰💰💰
I like to read, she likes to write, she likes to sleep and I like to stay up all night
just downloaded your cd...wow!!! definitely no Candy Dulfer and tenor too...wow again!!!
Hey! I just joined Twitter recently too - decided I needed a better intel source after the earthquake hit. Hope things are good!
indeed; gods help my love handles. btw, when are you due? I swear your baby will be doing crossfit straight from the womb. :)
A few of us will be in deep ellum tonight to see The House Harkonnen. Come have a beer with us and hear an awesome band! Cheers!
you 2 look alike.
thanks for helping us spread the word. We appreciate that.
Smells like peaches
RT Is not every moment perfect, if not compared to any other, or subjected to the burden of past and future?
Stop tweet watching, so it's real.
Colombian president calls for French journalist's release. Another "theater play" looking for good advertising and promotion of government.
when are you coming back for a panini. We miss your charming positive smile
What is the record for longest distance on one of those shower slides you told Bob Costas about?
Silliness makes your #soul smile, so be silly today and #Smile !
why did you tweet me and delete it lmfao
was listening to the Packer game. Jim Irwin sounds a bit different, but Max McGee is his usual self.
Seems you and I had the same day? RT : I'm glad I'm home. Because my patience for people has run out for today. Try again tomorrow.
I am so attractive. I wish I knew this in my younger years. Sigh.
Nice score is a score!
Hey shawty, I was thinkin of you (;
Tried Domino's sandwiches tonite,and had bread sticks with IBC.Oh yeah,and a long blonde pussy burger!M-Juicy!
I don't know!! ughh. Im just gonna drop it. His friend Dylan had a crush on me in kindergarden ;P haha
food truck lunch FTW u guys
Quicker checkout at Kroger. Took 12 minutes for 2 items at Marsh, Only 2 minutes at Kroger for 7 items earlier this evening
More than a little frightening...
So yes, of course! Haha, so cool. :)
In Life You Always Win & Lose... But It's The Experience, Wisdom, Knowledge That You Gain Forever.
Most epic movie ever! #ProjectX xD
nigga y'all been puttin y'all CDL to work.
still waiting for you to help me out!
that's awesome. if you take pictures for your own sake, you can be more creative. don't have to follow any standards...
High five!
I swear I always get things done #lastminute and still finish before it's due B)
Madonna - now that is how it's done!
I love you baby I hope you are having a good day. Can't wait to see you when I get off!!!!!!!!
Insensitivity is my specialty
oh alright cause we in already
'Hangabout' Suet Feeder available in 2-pack & pre-filled with Attractor Roasted Peanut Suet. Good stuff. Get it at woodpecker-feeder.com
my mom has an iPhone too. this is weird.
mos wanted crew i'm dying
I was going to say the same thing! Great meeting you and thanks so much for introducing me to the dank world of hops.
well ull never stand alone with us mahomies x love u austin please RT this and follow mee if u did my life would be amazing xx
"Friendship is born at that moment when one person says to another, 'What! You too? I thought I was the only one." - C.S. Lewis
Thanks for retweeting!
It was funny as soon as i went to leave bvb came on and scared the shit out of me. and he started to laugh at me
Quincy Miller doesn't exist.
I think the name was a gimmick to sell albums.
Check out Shdy Lks. There you can fish, hike, and have a pleasant picnic to end the afternoon under a Cotnwd Tree.
can u please follow me back
#agreed so i basically just don't go to my profile now so its all good
I think ima stp going out fridays cz,i hate waiting all day for my baby on saturdays...
Tough loss I will always, always love you.
follow back! now ! lol >.<
its 3:22 where i live
Cuz if that was Bob Knight oooooweeee that would of been something to see!! Lol
will you ever do a song with ? #Ariana100Questions 26
Just took my new bike for a ten mile ride. Now I'm covered in bugs!
Free shuttle to the UWM game today Bus leaves at 2:30pm. Buy 1 get 1 free appetizers also. Come for lunch and go see the Panthers.
she loves pikachu more than her boyfriend
Actually, I am kind of excited about the #SaveChristinaPerasso movie project. It's totally different.. gotta start somewhere!
My 3 year old just came back from being with her daddy for 3 days
Don't over think just know its right
I am a dedicated Mahomie ♥
Plays like one too. RT : Raymond Felton is built like a brick fat person.
Who cares, season was over!
Fuck i hate this place-_-
woodson's so athletic. goodness gracious.
Todays best toys at the best prices, check it out www.todaysfavoritetoys.com
Jess I did not know that you were a writer! We are looking for a couple of new writers for the new issue do you have any samples?
Only if you have green chili too.
Raffle tickets 5$ each Or book of tickets for 20 $ »» for BRAND NEW IPad 3
I know...my husband thought I was crazy.
Id rather be solo than around some ppl who aint worth shit!
My love is growing for you every second. <3
a sad story
RT is the perfect place to study for my finals! Thanks! Good Luck on your Finals
Ha! I know you're soaking it up in Florida, but you're missing some gorgeous weather up here!
V neck sweater Fridays.
my price would be flight club lol. Offer something reasonable bro
Today's Feature: Traditional Carbonara w/ linguini, ham, red peppers, Edamame & garlic cream sauce Soup: roasted butternut squash
its 6:34 and im leaving work! see you soon!
That right there is some math! Nice!
Tryon Edwards~ He that never changes his opinions never corrects his mistakes will never be wiser on the morrow than he is today.
Everyone has that "Fuck Off" moment with their parents
What's up peabodies?
Too much coffee. Going to bed now. Good Night
idk, you staying after school.
lmao no problem
Courageous people are not without fear. They simply persevere.
I guess I should get my tic for the crab feast soon
effer. dlafjalf. Mouth guards are painful
Woah, what? Both of you?? Happy Birthday to two awesome people! RT : happy bday and
Maybe you can call in sick take it to crib and get all this ....
Come to cambridge, I will buy you an omelette
Awesome weather for a #Shakeshack burger in Madison Square Park and a #Giants playoff game on Sunday! Go #Blue!
*walks along waiting for you to come back before I give it back*
The Weekend ATC puzzle solution is totally "Madison"/"Medicine." I can't play, so g'head. Submit it. You can keep the prize, too!
You either know when you meet her..or You know when you lose her..
Chick stay on sm stingy shit...an then wonder why I stay lookin at some body elses juice box...gtfoh lol
Welcome Hmong refugees: “Please feel at home.” Cherry-blossom petals flutter. Once this was snow. Once, when they were home.
#erl12 included in subject fund lists: titles, sub source, LC class, usage, cost
criminal justice
#repogames is an awesome show
Governor to unveil state Centennial Balloon @ press conference on Thursday @ 7am @ Balloon Museum.
Big thanks to Fuck Yeah Pop-Punk for featuring us on their facebook page and website!! Check them out for great pop punk news!!
I really liked The #WalkingDead last season, but was underwhelmed by last night's premiere. Holding out hope for the rest of the season.
must be spelling it wrong
Geez looks like could be your sister. Sure she isnt a plant for photo op?? lol
#ndsa many new friends and partners attending joint / NDSA partners meeting in DC
congratulations on your unbridled ambition and desire to GSD!
When you are courting a nice girl an hour seems like a second
Kid Cudi has no genre, he's just Kid Cudi.
goin to sleep lebron is to good
Wine Tasting from 4-6pm tonight from our friends Cascade Cliffs
Come on down and get some FRESH PRESSED JUICE!! We will also be bring our NEWEST PRODUCT, so come on down and see what it is
Sure! O Magazine, Psychology Today, TIME, Food Network Magazine and Martha Stewart Living : )
ARG: Furniture Buying Index Climbs to 73 The Furniture Buying Index rose another point this month to a reading of 73, taking the index ba
For me, singing sad songs often has a way of healing a situation. It gets the hurt out in the open into the light, out of the darkness.
i declare I need to call u! Lol!!
Your faithfulness makes you trustworthy to God. -Edwin Louis Cole
its only one thing i want back just one and i wouldn't ask for shit else
: How is the event coming along?
Stomach talking to me and I didn't think I was hungry 😳 think im finna go to the other 🏠 and cook
Truth in comedy, yo. #wishiwasthere! RT : "Don't try to be funny. Try to be real." - master class at
I think it kina nasty this chik ik wear these short shorts and she so fat and got stretch marks and it nasty
Why when I tell females that I'm single they Dnt believe me ????
Happy birthday lady!
Ok! On to the New Year! How many Actors out there have the Resolution to be famous before 2012?
they did that to me on cinco de mayo. AFTER I ATE DINNER THERE. theyre evil.
last night they said u can use any pics. Those given were examples. :) Good luck <3
Tell me, where do you stop? Can you comment of institutional preservation?
Thanks for the follow. How is summer?
I like how he just called me w/ a whole fickin attitude
These pussies sound like Meow Mix
I like Star Trek, I do. I just don't understand how 90% of the aliens speak English and understand what an hour is. It's distracting.
#greatidea! :) RT : Somebody's got a birthday coming up! #PartyPie?
Rented Happy Feet 2 and told kids it was "penguin movie". They both got mad it wasn't Penguin from 1966 "Batman", which we're now watching.
Pinterest is the ultimate exercise staller...
Me too!
watching kick ass lol :)
Searching for inspiration/motivation and found the wonderful 'How To Steal Like an Artist' by - just what I needed. Thank you.
everyone please follow my fabulous buddy > she is very talented, sweet, and cool
Spot on.
Dear God, I will need a miracle to to get noticed by the beautiful, inspirirng Alli, please God! #blessed Amen!
Coming up soon: "RADIO REMIX" from 12-1
retweeting like an sob tonight
Wishing you a happy birthday! I'm sending a virtual beer your way. ;)
Yes I am a fan of the Arts!
uuummm I was simply expressing my love for you lol
hell yeah I was getting outrageous lol, I'm on break til relays
lol I don't know what girls you be talking to lol
We are spending the night in Williamsville, IL. We will get a load tomorrow. Been up since 4:00 am. I'm pooped! Ready to sleep awhile.
So...am I stupid for waiting it out? Nah,just seeing if anything else pops up in the process
he has arms like a T-Rex
i really need to talk to Destosaur and Coley!!
It's a fight alright!
Mr Vick vs the Bear's D! What happens?
Morgan Spurlock On Why He Stayed Behind The Camera For Comic-Con Episode IV: A Fan's Hope
#thugs RT : 2: 34 but we don't sleep out here
have fun love! drive safe!
I-5 NB through the Terwilliger Curves slow to stop and go approaching I-84
Delaware Co new totals in for Westerville levy: 4,215 for and 3,707 against
really wish i could come though cause it sounds like fun :) i'll let you know if my plans change :)
#thatakwardmoment when everyone in the class turns to stare at you when the teachers starts talking about slavery because your black.
Watch the #NFLDraft with us tonight at ! We'll be gathering around 6:30. Please help spread the word!
just searching for a Laker loss smh RT : It's cool...cuz I THINK they got the #Thunder next....#DATSYOASS word to lol
"I sing and slappada bass in ! :D" The first time I read this in 's bio, that was when my R5 obsession started....
you've got that right!
"Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to him."
oh how I love being home.!
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity
Tonight's writing session brought to you by "Wanted Dead Or Alive". Seriously. Thank you
thanks for the follow.
I am interested in doing the agency tour. Where do I find more information about this? Where do I sign up?
Times like these i wish i had a smart phone
State Capitol Trip tomorrow, y'all. This is gonna be good.
waiit! are u that kid who stands/walks by faschek with a lightsaber? :O
Have a great day competing tomorrow at the Md Comp- Hal, Lyn, Gary, and Jay!
Then we can have a movie date lol RT That's one of Aiden's favorite movies! Lol
Forget the golden handcuffs, I guess I need a man-acle bracelet instead. goo.gl/LcbbJ
Santorum seems to be doing really well in tonight's primaries. Is this backlash from GOP base about recent contraception debate?
Th/fri this week 730pm at the edgemar i'm in scene bites, a night of short scenes! Come out and support us! Call or message me for info!
We told u about Alberta's eugenics; #Didyouknow it happened in the US too? NC committee recommends $50K for victims & educational exhibits
Have you switched to the new Facebook #Timeline yet? What do you like and what do you dislike?
Fam tune in tonight 106 & Park on BET watch & debut Hurt Somebody the new hit single by Album #Stadium out soon
so in listening to power 106. why did they mention requesting some YG -.-
Wow a $102 million in Federal budget cuts today. Excuse me while I pee in the ocean.
Have lived in Manhattan for over 20 years and have never taken the ferry to the Statue of Liberty. Going today with my sister and nephew!
Just write about my Shiva statue! You sure seemed to be an expert on that last night!
You hear that? That's 5,000 IU fans cars starting and heading back to Indiana.
Working my brains off today then headed to the #Reds game with some awesome people :)
Don't worry, we'll be preforming all weekend. RT:“: watching & busting out the NSync moves >>>>>”
set my alarm to wake up early and perform surgery on my car. all better, but it's the third thing in the last few weeks! :s
my papers are whit and my dank is green, stuff it, roll it and let's get keyed.
I am so lost and late. Lord calm my nerves.
It's cold!! Spend St. Patrick's Day inside the warm Museum - and the night bundled up in green!
An early Happy New Year to all my friends and tweeters. Be safe out there.
Houston and Dallas seem a lot closer on the map
RT great - #digitalpreservation needs horror stories!
I dont believe you to be honest.
I remember being young tryna hustle my dope. Tryna tell them old junkies that my crack ain't soap
doesnt everyone hate twitter fakes?
Overhear the boss cursing - there goes my whole day.
As your unofficial 'desk opposite' I would be happy to ;) RT Can someone come organize my desk? (It doesn't hurt to ask, right?)
Auditorium is full and there's still a line up the block!!! The revolution is alive and well in Fort Worth!!
Thursday is going to be awesome! Great Lakes brew with the brewer! What will you brew?
$50 treatments for "Spa Week" beginning Sept. 13th! Call (425) 643-5772 to make your appointment!
Just took to the train station. Already I miss her haha
You have some great articles at your web site blog Lori! I hope others check them out!
RT so excited to be in my #House (New Series started tonight)
Damn.. The truth hurts but I'm a big girl
From Foxboro to the Garden for game 6 of #Celtics #Hawks -- feel like I'm living the day in the life of
Reason 3: I'm committed to Alpha! My 19 yrs of active service, sharing of it with my oldest son Roderick Jr, etc are proof.
is this a legit organization? Around what time in the summer would it be? Because I can't do July and most of August.
I'm good.... How u doin... Saw u was goin off earlier... Glad I followed u back ASAP!!
where the hell u been! Aint seen ur ass since halloween!!
You're not supposed to be so blind with patriotism that you can't face reality. Wrong is wrong, no matter who does it or who says it.
Move the hardwood and put down the Ice !!! Lakers win and now time for hockey playoffs!!!
Make-Your-Own-Sundae! Make-Your-Own-Sundae! RT As a token of our friendship, I got you this riding crop.
#ConcertWishlist One Direction, Hunter Hayes, Glee, & Bieber.
OMG RT Re my 2009 survey US woman was homeless on street and going 2 surgery. Lost everything 2 pay 4 surgery.
So Santorum says pregnancy as result of rape is a "gift" & that we "have to make the best of a bad situation" & nobody thinks that's BS?
Thanks! Hope to see you again soon!
I love the fact that you are followed by a putz who feels the need to defend you
you're so welcome! Love my #trenchers!!
feel like I should whisper this. Almost finished #editing! Should be done Saturday. How bout u? Anything from agent?
I can be sweet to girls i like .
Police talking to a "person of interest" in Crown Point hit&run that killed 1 corrections officer and hurt 3 others. More info soon
This match is incredible
Do you ever just look around your place and wonder when the tornado came through? Because that's just what happened...
now bio exam...
you being banned from there makes me like you even more.
Aw, thank you Rob!
Have you seen it??, it was phenomenal!!!!
so do I!!!! Let's go this summer!!! Shall we?
Sheldon is so cute c:
No way! You're just really eager to help the economy!
Words hurt just as much as physical pain. Think before you speak.
Who makes the protocol? They're at the top.
#cvcouncil Some nuanced disagreement on what "kind" of regional draw CV shld b - "jobs" "tourism" - r they mutually exclusive?
My only refuge from academia is RuPaul's Drag Race.
Tasting is believing..I have to take him out for a classy cocktail! (Oh and not call it Corpse Revival.)
I thought the same thing, but apparently Fox has other plans.
Unexpected lunchtime jazz concert in the employee cafe. Yes.
nice, same here
Starting the year single ! Oh yahh .
Feb.16th,6pm,Newark Schools' Cami Anderson will be mting School to discuss its closing.All in the community will be affected.Learn how.
Yes, definitely! As a teacher, I'm sad when I hear colleagues complain about "difficult" gifted kids
"All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt." - Charles M. Schulz
Birthday dinner at #GranvilleCafe followed by #ThinkLikeAMan! Turning 40 is great so far!!
Wow - on , just heard that the whole competition will be live-streamed on !
true, yours was real, but just reminded me of a couple words I absolutely hate to hear
Can you bat in the two hole? RT : I just don't know what more I can do for you people.
Dreaming isn't like fishing. You can't sit there n wait for a bite. Its like catching butterflys. You have to chase it
The stage is perfect...stremlined yet bold, simple but interesting. And Sandy Harbrect's outfit matches perfectly.
of course. haha. we always try. how are you? -zach.
$2 whiskey Wednesdays at ?
"You're sick?! Someone put a curse on you!"
I would divulge into that topic but fear of being labeled a hater has forced me to digress.
RT : Nothing says front runner like kids in Indiana who wear N. Carolina gear
Keep us posted
Its not like Rickie can hit 70's 80's or 90's, might as well try 100's
Paul Rand kicks Milton Glaser's butt
i can tell you what goes on at the bradley center but i wont. lol
what's with these homies dissing my girl?
Hi Larry, great to see you r now w/ Anue. Congrats & good luck! Seems like cool tech. Looking forward to hearing more!
I'm afraid of getting addicted to Pinterest.
Damn most of my family putting me on blast ohk i fuhkn get it dnt have to tell me,lyk 14 times already.!.
Google Listen on Android needs a share button. Episode 239 of This Week in Startups is awesome.
Is an argument really productive or does it solely get people hurt?
Thanks for following. =)
Francois Payard, defending the price of his chocolate: "Better to have a $2 piece of gold than a $1 piece of sh-t." Um...yes!
Well, that's just fine, Ryan. If you hate joy and creativity, it's no pin off my board!
Thanks for being a part of our TacoTuesday, sir!
No one is texting me. That's cool. :(
sounds great, lets catch up next week. we owe you an email too, tomorrow.
I like your stores but I miss you having competition from borders. I miss having a choice of local bookstores for tech books.
man-up, quit blaming things on your mama. Smh
Are the teachers of those classes on twitter? You've been so lovely to answer my questions!
Taking it in for the night.
Open yo mind as u open ur legs i want to conquer mind n body
As a resident in your district, I'm asking you that you do not support the SOPA and PIPA legislation.
silly - of course i would! horrible waste of good cheetos..! reminds me - i'm in a cheeto free household atm, must remedy that.
i like the other way better =]
WAS THE WORST SMELL I HAVE SMELT MY HOLE LIFE
No worries. We enjoyed the Jailhouse.
I know every word to 11:11 (:
Designers: What's the last thing you made that you're really proud of? Go!
I dont have a ride
ohmy! I'm so sorry, I'll pray for you and ur family!(:
Look for the girl with a broken smile.
Remember The Titans is on, this is one of my favorite movies <3
Arts and crafts with mom Made my 1st duct tape pen^_^
Real. Mature. is a real comedian.
If only I could meet Mr. Bennett. It would heal all my troubles
it was last year season 6 e11. Nancy tells a SD tribune reporter she will contact that fact check person if he makes anything up.
SCOTUS reviewed 14th Amend only once in 1935 regarding nat'l debt. "Congress can't repudiate existing debt."
RT : #whyobamaislate Finding a Captain America costume in Obama's size at 11pm on a Sunday night in DC isn't easy, guys.
hahaha thanks! :-) pink makes me happy
My brackets are gonna win me some money! Bout to make like 20 so I can make bank!
lol, no. why do you think that?
its ok haha had to happen, u gonna get her 2maro
Stare at that Weaver
Sir, my concern is not whether God is on our side; my greatest concern is to be on God's side, for God is always right.
thanks much!
Off to work out here, my clock is off big time. I love Alaska and seeing my old friends, just wish it was located right over the GW Bridge!
So tired. Feet hurt. Paperwork out my ears. Must be the first week of school.
Deborah Ann Woll - probably the most beautiful creature god has ever made! simply amazing!
Welcoming to the F&B family today! They will be serving LAMILL coffee in the Eva Solo method, LAMILL teas too! Yum
RT : It's about time for my bi-yearly sheet wash // okay, that's just gross, chris
3 more days left, and I'm counting down all the way!
Can't complain. Keeping busy. I didn't realize you hadn't totally transitioned to freelancing. Did I spill the beans?
Dwight D. Eisenhower In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.
"A bookstore is one of the only pieces of evidence we have that people are still thinking." Jerry Seinfeld, born on this day in 1955.
bo, that must mean I missed you at the #adelaidefringe :(
I guess it'll just be me and the playoffs today
Being set lose at clay terrace with $140 #yesdeals 😄👍
Have you notice they dont put prizes in the cereal boxes nomore lol
a liar girl..hate!
oh nevermind I meant meth. Still nasty
Could've used that advice 15 years ago…
Your pillow weighs 10 pounds? Why do you stuff it with, rocks?
Well. That was 14 surprisingly readable pages in one sitting. ~10 more pages and ~20 more short essays to grade before the semester's done.
Nice to see rounding into form as the #wjc approaches...
#NoEmailDays - encourages users to use voice #communication, gets groups together. Results; reduces email traffic!
healing up nicely! Fading more each day. Slathering on the Arnica and putting husband to work on it. <3 I heart you.
There are a lot of flowers that resemble vaginas. #JustSayin'
I can't believe I'm actually going to pull an allnighter for fucking Psych exam. ugh.
Oh bummer. But rest assured we're working hard to get it back and in better shape!
Just assimilate and accept your brave new world, already.
Using simple NHL Playoff logic the Predators will win by 6 tonight over the Coyotes despite their two top scorers not playing.
Atwater Junction is playing at the Fine Line Music Cafe on monday April 9th @ 7:30pm Hope you can make it.
The past is bullshit, the future is bullshit, i live in the now!:)
Just fell asleep during the national anthem
9/11/11 - I may be in Oakland for a time but my heart is in my native city, NYC, always my city.
Wonder how tonight is gonna go?(: Butterflies,so bad right now!
I'm watching Monday Night Raw because I had a conversation with a ten year old over the weekend and I couldn't keep up.
thx for liking my tweet! Hope you enjoyed the show!
unfortunately like every other big business - if it doesn't suit their needs, disregard. good luck.
My wife and I have a "give and take" relationship...I give, she takes
Now that it's time, I am calm as can be. So very happy! I cannot not wait to look him in the eyes and say I do!
@ the hotel with my close homies n UP in BK blowingg it down just maccin shout out to them wrd
wow I read for 2 hours I guess a lil more womt hurt me :)
stay up BP! tonight my 6 yr old little girl says "that's brandon Phillips I love his smile" when you came to bat in the 1st!!!
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to continually be afraid you will make one.
I love you more! Ready to see you my love!
harvest red
I love my dog.
Dick Clark is going on my dead list
Put your head down and push through the wind! Great drinks and hot food await you at The Eatery!
Great conversation yesterday; barbershop talk was excellent; needs to be many more; followed by unity and action.
So many tweets O_o & Ode Confusing, like niggas having issues & Drama ^.^ Wtf? That's wat Happens in Life *shrugs*
Riverwest Fest is now!!!
One great movie showing today aside from Mission Impossible is an Indian movie titled Rajanna with English subtitle.
a fist is just one hand praying by itself.
“: Live without pretending, love without depending, listen without defending, & speak without offending.”
I will send you a copy of the questions they asked, I barely failed and only studied the night before
How's everyone doing today?
This same credit union charges a fee to close the account, which is the only reason I haven't left yet. I think I'll be leaving today.
#IfSheCant keep a steady income - u ending up broke will be the outcome
lmaoo mann up
Taxi Cab Confession: Hi, my name is Phillip. I'm a NUPE, and I do not know how to tie a bow-tie. S/N: I have 4 hrs to learn b4 this wedding.
I can only imagine how much faster I would get my hw done if i could still for longer than a minute @ a time.
registering for #jcdl2012? i based my funding request 2 months ago on the 2010 AUS$ cost. :P
lol u gonna live a long time ..i was just about to tweet you :)
Got it, looking at everything right now. Also, you should connect with 's looking for an internship-can u help?
let's where our gym shirts tomorrow for the beat down
Basketball Bucks looked like they started celebrating the new year b4 tip off. Sloppy play. Rematch in the bus will be the bucks > 10 pts
A bad audition is an audition that doesnt leave you the opportunity to come back.
Fbzfest depends on where and when for me too. I need to look into IFBC. Tho all this assumes I'll be blogging regularly again!
A gunshot in the 5O's /:
not yet; I'm giving it some thought. Knowing my luck lately, I'll manage to throw a typo in there despite all the forethought.
HD video clearly hurting the 49ers there.
At 300+lbs. there will be no questions about where Gov. Christie was born.
everyday I'm hustlin :) should we start recruiting you for games to bulk up our team?!?
Yankees win THAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA Yankees win!!!!! That was for you Mo
have a blessed work day. Lets go!!!
I feel you!!
i wanna see #Paranormal Activity 4
Time for #Yankees Baseball on this beautiful Saturday afternoon! Enjoy the game my friends, and let's make it a good one - Go #Bartolo!
RT : Johnny Wilkinson 'As far as we're concerned, until that match finishes there's no tomorrow'
I wish I could have gone to the J. Cole concert tonight on campus.
If you want the Patriot Act to be repealed, you must tell Congress. Otherwise, it will never be repealed, nor will it even be reformed.
I FUKS WIT MY GUY ONE OF THE HOTTEST PRODUCERS IN THE GAME!!! KEEP AT IT BABY!!!!!
so true! lol
Um...pardon the incorrect English in my previous tweet.
Oh you went to Peoria Packing... hm...
I'm gonna start selling cookies and cream hersheys chocolate skittles and starburst ;)
Wow, even Google street view got the 8-bit treatment
Need to start a blog.
I'll always be a fan since u were out of Texas. Glad the Bucks had you around. Cheers TJ.
Wet roads lead to gridlock on I-75; I'm glad is doing the driving!
you bumping the newest mix during ur runs???
sometime it works, sometimes it doesn't. it's all about what yr believing in. real talk.
We love it when amazing artists get credit where credit is due! Arcade Fire made the Grammys worth watching!
Everyday Im twittering!! :p
home offices rock
i fell in love with Ben at the signing yesterday </3 help me do the thing i wanna do b4 i die. go on a date with ben<3
Hungry and wide awake somebody fix that
didnt get a single thing done today.
OMH WHEN WHERE!!!! TELL ME EVERYTHING NOW!!! Cody Simpson & Psanders
-____- what are you Amish?
Don't play with a woman's heart, why mislead a good woman if you know you're not going to love her the way she deserves to be loved.
talk about positive reenforcement.
Thanks for the follow.
#IfIWonTheMegaMillions i would bake biscuits for every housing project in America!
On a separate note, totally just drove by the church I used to always have sex at. Lulz. Oops.
Sweatpants, pizza, Bridesmaids and wine. Shaping up to be a nice Saturday night.
#5Votes means #JOBS!
The Morning Ledger: Risky Loans Make Comeback - Wall Street Journal (blog)
Most people struggle with life balance simply because they haven't paid the price to ascertain what is really important to them.
<---- Birthday in 8 Days #May22nd ----> but my party is this weekend get at me for details.
Good morning! How are you? Bertie doing OK? i've been thinking about putting my Diesel Rabbit back out on the road.
Almost 5pm and our lucky day for shooting at Madison Square Park. Sound guy has to lv soon so will need to wrap earlier than planned
what are you wearing?! LET'S MOSH THE NIGHT AWAY! OH. how do you spell squirrel?
Wish I was home with the wife.
I am shocked by ignorant remarks about Jeremy Lin. Everyone knows that Harvard is known for its endowment.
Some one take me to kobes. I've never been there in my life. :(
send me that paisa quince pic of us lol
you said it girlfrand
Dear God, man. Wth kind of karma is coming at you?
haha - awesome! Gotta keep those numbers moving in the right direction. Thanks!
Twinkle twinkle little slut, name one guy you haven't fu***d.
Sitting in our home office banging my head into my pharmacology book.
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 34
Correction, Tasker with his second of the game
Why thank you very much!
Tune in now for the Upper St. Clair choir singing Amazing Grace beautifully!
I am following you.
You're alive and you're free, that's a lot more than some kids your age can say!!!
oh crap! Hope u recover quick, stay focused on nutrition so there is no backsliding!
Intelligent, happy, and great taste in art
Just got back from riding. It felt SO easy, even the hills. Love when that happends. Still feeling hyper though. Need to mellow out!
Wondering why my daughter spent $3 on 1 doggie cupcake from some dog store downtown. $3 and the dog doesn't even like it!
In broadcast news, they generally don't like reporter having accents so they can appeal to a broad audience.
since i dont listen to lyrics&only listen to music as a background type thing, i dont even realize but i listen to soo much christian music
Wishes would follow me :'(
Another great morning at Fitness by Design! Nothing beats helping people work toward their goals!
I would so let manny pacman pacquaio punch me in my face for 10 grand
wrote the whole bio chapter on a cheat sheet for my test today. definitely the only reason i passed.
Did you know Gatorade contains soy? Well, it does! It contains "brominated vegetable oil" which is derived from soybeans.
Congratulations! Keep us posted! RT : Subtitles done. Roughly 742 lines translated & placed in documentary.
Scott Walker lied on WISN Channel 12 Milwaukee.
u just made me feel special
I miss you.
Hope you booked the commercial... Did u?
lol he should just cut that mustache.....who the hell rocks a straight line mustace lol
Well, I'll be headed to for Relentless Weekend to ride on Thursday and Saturday if you want to go!
Hi again. Lol! RT : hi body :D
Pretty productive day considering I never bothered putting on shoes.
ima b in LA this weekend....
haha will do :) have u even heard my music yet lol
Remember, love is a difficult and tricky thing. Don't underestimate the power of love or its impact on you or someone else.
Deliradio also has an app for the iPhone!
I'm sure that officer enjoyed sitting in on the meeting for 3 hours.
Just went kayaking on the intercoastal and was literally 2 feet away from wild dolphins and manatees, the dolphin kept jumping after fish 🐬
And also a miracle? That I happened to come home 15 mins after it happened, so i got all the info & police report, etc. MIRACLE.
Hey , I couldn't possibly . . . I'm stuffed!
Hi VA customers are ineligible due to state regulations. If you have a decal, you can still be spotted outside of the state.
RT : We have three episodes of 's "Stories from the Edge" podcast up on the Mulholland site today....
arent we all hustling ...gotta stay on it.... lock in
Minnesota Twins = Chicken Soup For The #RedSox. 18 hits. 11-2 victory.
RT : The attorney for Ohio State's Terrelle Pryor says the QB won't return for his senior season.
Never mistake a move of God for a large congregation! Always follow The Cloud, not the crowd!
steamed mussels across from the courthouse last night. Highly recommended.
is making you crave that greasy food right now. Your welcome
Loved it too, Jay. A manly bearded adventure. Walter Hill had to have been a big influence to Carnahan.
We can only use your content to provide you the service. Nothing else. We are explicit about that.
god morning ..
Not fun to cut your thumb when there's practicing to be done! Rhymes, yes? Lol
September 30, 2002 - February, 3, 2012: "[I] have heard the chimes at midnight."
I'm currently raving at a minigolf course.
The Lord is #FAITHFUL! Even when we, the situation, & others r not, He remains steadfast & true. He WILL deliver on His promise regarding u!
Continually impressed by the variety and quality of articles by Check 'em out folks. You'll wish you'd found them sooner.
Sitting in an office all day is not conducive to my tan.
Nothing like a little advanced pilates to humble u quickly... That chicky kicked my arse.
True. RT: : I got lots of respect for but ever seen the fans in person?
I don't feel so hot
If I ruled the world...
I don't give a beep
I mean, I think at a certain point you've gone on enough vacations!
how was Monty Python? You and Marco and Brandon are a triple threat! Congrads on the engagement!
SPHERE: THE THELONIOUS MONK STORY is returning to the stage next March at Arena Players. Stay tuned for details.
Actually Yah... That's Probably True!(X Lol SO!? Weird Is Cool :3
Going to Bed Now i hope everyone had a good day Sweet dreams C; Tweet my Zswaggerz Later
just tweeting 2 say that you look gorgous in ur profile pic :)
yeah I know but it's hard Dime :/
thanks for the
That sounds like fun :)
Whew! So glad.
Here at LAMILL, we prepare coffee SIX different ways! Retweet if you can name one of them!
The marathon may be winding down, with the zombies running all over town. After moving your feet, it's time to eat, and the Dish...
😃😉no problemo just stating
have a great day !!!!
Not a big fan of Anne and James so far... Their banter is kinda painful.
Srsly? The House took a bill TO THE FLOOR that advocated the return to the Gold Standard? Can they not see the damage they are doing?
That foul call wasn't really necessary
saying my last goodbyes today. love you and miss you so much Arick. rest in peace ❤
Have you been wondering about renting out your house for the Super Bowl? What ?s do you have? Send them my way for a Star article I'm doing.
I REALLY want sex right now. I seriously need it. BADLY.
RT : Can I get a RT? It's National Teacher Day. This hard working teacher would appreciate it.
I might be going to that date! Is that a gold date? What's the venue called?
#orphans8 Interesting how both the Philly film collective + the LA Rebellion filmmakers understood films they made in opposition to H'wood
ENCOURAGES YOU ALL TO FIND A REASON TO SMILE TODAY!
hahaha it should!
Done with Season 3 of SG1. Time for work!
u smile i smile baby u should pick me cause you don't have to say love me i already do say it only one time to never say never
Alright fuck it, I'm just going to chill in my office.
Never say sorry for sayin what you feel thats like apologizing for just bein real
Lol! I can still drink with the best of em' just the next day isn't the best for me anymore.
Calling it a night nothing else to do everybody be safe
works for me! Let's plan on meeting then.
cocaine? !!!!!:-) i hope its cocaine jk
Life is unfair...but I got a lil something to sweeten the deal and her name is
On 11:11 I wish for one thing n one thing only..
im anti bud light, cus bud is wiser
Special General Assembly called for tomorrow Oct. 31st in Monroe Park at 3:00pm for regrouping. Spread the word!
: Please introduce federal legislation to license & regulate online #poker in the US! Thank you.
suggest state elections enforcement be alerted. Wasn't Norwalk fined for irregularities previously?
so I risked it and went and got a coffee. Came back home....no plumber. huh....
Your 21st century feminist declaration has drawn fire like every one that came before. You would think by now...
#FF - heartfelt thanks for your outstanding work in the DC region.
DON'T GIVE ME THAT SASS.
I am an incredibly indignant person.
Thanks! It's Eco Boutique. Enjoy the rest of your stay. RT : what is the soap in your bathrooms? It smells amazing!!
“Cassie, she's you with a different hair colour.”
today's a bumday.
Top10 reasons hiring Larry Brown might pay dividends..1--cant get on a motorcycle 2--if hes on a mcycle, a 26 y/o blonde cant get him off...
Hey El Paso! We want hear your favorite genre of music?
Time to hop on the bike to face San Francisco motorists in the first storm of the year. Tell my husband and dogs I love them...
looking forward to rocking my powder blue #22 jersey again next season!
THIS SuN 6p-8p w/guests LevertII Sexual Ultimatums...If "U" Say "YES" what "I" want is "NEXT?" call in 626 657 2149
Whenever I'm sad, I just torture myself with sad music.
He's always watching out for me up there
I think it ended with the crash.
#chucknorris dosent cut grass he just dares it to grow ! (: 4
Received the good news today that I am Board Certified by the Institute of Noise Control Engineering (INCE)!
The problem is, replace it with what?
We are connecting with people from all over Washington State.
Best part of the day? Seeing that radiant smile from Enjoy those DC meatballs, Gorgeous! ( )
I had a dream about you last night!
*When the boys come to Pittsburgh next year* Liam: Pittsburgh, you were wonderful.." Louis:Pittsburgh fans talk funny" Zayn: Pittsburgh (c)
Interesting blended program design from UF for prof. practice doctorate in Ed Tech
been out the game for a minute but im finna jump back in
RT Hey no new taxes Tea Baggers, what ya gonna do about GE paying less taxes than those lost jobs (RE: zero)
Thank you so much for the #FF shout out!
“: Damn, I Tried To Get Over It But Fuck, This New Facebook Is Fucking Gay.”
Yo! You remember the icky shuffle dog what kinda dance you gunna do when you score a TD.
no, , I ate dinner 3 times tonight..
Show on July 31st at Arnetic in Deep Ellum!
: hahaha what time u going to sleep?
You've got my vote!!
They just started the show, you still got time to get here, Get Here, Haan...
yup! On 15th and 6th ave. great neighborhood Go to Mae (greatest consignment shop in the universe). Tell Marcy I miss her.
Once you go casual jazz pianist, you never go back -- Andy McDowell
A sky fulla Lighters....
Shout out to our new followers!
It's finally time to put on the snow boots here in Wisconsin! Then again, it's all starting to melt already.
girl I was nervous!! Lol
Let's do the restructuring dance. New boss(es) new opportunities.
can I get a Birthday RT from the best WR in the game?!?!
I'm considered making my bed less comfy so that I don't fall asleep everything I touch it!
o stop you're making me blush :)
Woo i turned 24 today (:
Exactly 2 months until my 21st birthday!
Oh no! :( If it's an Uber driver, please leave feedback and I'll touch base.
groupies?? Like deadheads? Sounds exciting! I bet its like beatlemania in your place!!!
...I guess that just means its time to hit the bike & treadmill.
Currently experiencing a personal Fugazi reawakening. Thanks for a great day
Tickets tomorrow on Whip's show (1-4pm) for Cloud Nothings this Saturday at the Larimer Lounge
what's up ya bitch ass bitccchhh. When are you coming home lassie? Haven't u played with enough german cuckoo clocks?
nah I'm comin back tmrw
YOU'RE SO FUNNY EDGAR. I'm pretty sure the only fan that may be a bigger fan than me is either or
Getting ready for bed...then driving the busiest fire engine in the state starting at 7am.
How did I ever live before having MLB Network?
Coming to soon!
Hm.. Got detention today! LOL
Sometimes I wish I could eat raw beef and not die. It looks so delicious.
RT : that 'I'm deleting my Twitter' stunt holds no weight now that you can reactivate it. back to the drawing board kids.
E. Cipolloni scores on an NC State error making the score Virginia 5 NC State 1
Laughter is Free.......Laugh till it hurts! Now that's what I call Pain Free. ~ Lisa Morgan
I still can't believe I get paid to PLAY all day. I love being a speech path - best job ever!
1602 S. Park St. Madison. Can you make it? Thx!
...just got off the phone with Oprah Winfrey's producers for the Lifeclass show! I have been booked to tell my story. I am in shock!!!!
Luv that area! Hit up 4 Queens and the brewery!!
Red Hook Battered Shrimp & Fries $7.99 are the special at SSC in the Arena: come in and have shrimp & watch day 2 of Madness on Big Screens
Some days you break the rules and it's all for the better :)
good luck! (:
I put two boxes in the freezer and had successfully ignored them until yesterday. Like a rainy day cookie fund.
Smart. Self-respecting. Caring for kids. Too much at stake here.
hope you are having killer long weekend,keeping the music and hotness alive :)
Many a people wept the world over for a fallen angel today.. RIP #whitneyhouston an angel in our hearts, lost but never forgotten...
If you were in Colorado I'd be able to tell you who to see.
School time : /
who is that in the picture
To Die "A thousands Deaths have nothing to do with being a Coward you must not Know Shakespeare?
My only trending topic is the cash.
i had a terrible day. i came to work and found out a co-worker took his own life. you can only push someone so far.....
It's a strange feeling to be depressed about not being at a conference, but nice that I'm invested in things.
finally is correct. The keg that wouldn't die.
Woke up @ 8 this morning rushing to get ready for work then realized it was Sat. Then my roomie wakes me up at 9 vacuuming!
House of Joy, why are you so delicious? I can't resist you.
RT : Shopping at is another great way to support Habitat for Humanity!
that really means a lot!<3 (:
Tired as hell!
Among those whom I like or admire, I can find no common denominator, but among those whom I love, I can all of them make me laug
Ok you lit a fire under my ass.Is the#for the Dpt. of Biological Sciences ok or does it need to be an individual?
So happy football is over...now it's almost baseball season! :)
totally Kalia shocker
You keep writing the good shit and I'll keep reading it - promise!
My pleasure, Kari!
Being bilingual comes in handy
Talked to a wonderful agent who will follow up with me on Monday. Thanks for your help so far.
aaghh i feel like shitt, ! is anyone else upset they cant go to fashion night out today ?!
you playin in college?
i gotcha!
- Thanks for the RT! We've received a few comments about it on our Facebook page. What are your thoughts on it?
Ha! GRRM's never further than two degrees if there're multiple lovable characters who die... or alt-spelled slang words.
Thanks I entered!
Yayyerz!! We are like long lost twins XD
Ann special guest ♥ RT : Time to hit up - FoodTruck with
it definitely looked/sounded original - and compelling
Little kids are adorable until they are throwing temper tantrums behind you in line at Whole Foods.
I went out and saw the Advengers it was an amIng movie!
#civilwar FOTD. On this day in 1862, Joseph E. Johnston, outnumbered nearly 2-1 @ Yorktown, started to pull his troops back toward Richmond.
RT #icantstandpeoplethat wear see-through leggings as pants. gag.//welcome back to the states
Nothing to do, might as well go get my nails done
I am new to the Twitterverse but am looking forward to connecting with tweeps (especially youth) who are interested in theatre and acting.
follow me please ¡¡
<< I used Insanity to lean up and endurance. I love lifting weights though. Getting ready to start p90x again after my 5k
I have been hearing a crazy amount of sirens in Arlington tonight....
Happy Leap Year...enjoy your extra day
Hope you enjoy, let us know what you think!
So excited that will be featured in the Chicago Tribune again this holiday season! Interview took place yesterday!
Make water your new BFF. It's easy to mistake thirst for hunger, so reach for water first when the next hunger pang hits.
Happy Mothers Day!
": Listening to Matt Pond PA thanks to " you're welcome! But could you take the Jack Johnson out of the equation?
you want to clean your list around every 90 days or so with the people who have opted in, then NEVER opened your messages
he's on tv right now. And he's doing horrible things to the Lakers. Apparently you don't want no puss nuggets
In the car but no where to go.
I have to say...other than Game 4, this series was frustrating as HELL. Fresh start, fresh series. Good riddance Hawks.
I'm working at home.. igg :| x x
Wokeup quick @ about noon just thought I had to be in ChiTown soon I gotta get drunk b4game begins b4MattGarza starts pitchin bout myfriends
Good morning twitter ppl (B � A) 4 ever
I'd work in bp. And best buy might still be happening. I don't know haha
True! I cringe at the thought...
RT : Take home after 2 days at #AAA12. Transparency on livestock production done through conversations across all media.
Heading back from Durham and the beautiful, very moving funeral for Elizabeth Edwards-proud to have called her my friend.
The Girl with the Bacon Tattoo
Feel free to come by! We'll be here!
Wants a new UStar site. But until then check out this week's paper for New York tattoo legend, Andrea Elston right here in San Marcos.
where exactly is the free parking for xfinity live
first... Dude, ur arm is the circumference of my waist. Also, my goal is to look built-ish, like those girls, not skinnay!
1,000 ways to die baffles me.
and that's makes you what 13?
If this past week with my boyfriend has taught me anything, its that male puppies are too much work!!
aw look at em go ^_^
Gus johnson. Cold blooded!
Im looking for Plays that are ready to be produced. Put a package together, fund is fully financed. let me know if u have something.
For some reason, I don't believe that.
no im not and yes they are ugh!
Can someone please make me a cd
I'm already awaiting my V-burger at Veggie Grill! Maybe next time you could give a heads up? I doubt he will...
ion agree with that.
Hooray! Can't wait to pick my copy up.
good. You're too pretty to hide from the world. Lol.
Me cotton chipping in Aus so I could pay the rent... then 2 days later, finding out I was getting deported. Oops
Possible photo shoot this week. Looking forward to a good reply.
rry I missed it...this will be easier when I can follow you!
Protect those elderly who have #worked all their life and paid for #entitlement cut off the able bodies that have yet to lift a hand!
Happy Thanksgiving and Many Blessings!
our pleasure!
RT : have tickets tomorrow am RT : ONE DIRECTION
Seattle road conditions: good. Sidewalk conditions: treacherous. It'd be nice if ceased granting TV intvws & picked up a shovel
thanks for the
yikes okayy grandma
create a new project, extract the operations from the old one, and apply them on the new
If Entehikari don't do warped though, people are getting hurt
I wonder how Julian Simon would respond to that flow chart
Um... I'm very lost.. who the hell is this Black Lady Gaga? O_o
The boxing world lost one of the greats... Rest in Peace Smoking Joe!!
LOL! I won't allow you to use the word either!My MIL used it in my house and I shut her down! LOL *not* kidding haha
SNOW - After shooting a scene with actor Claudio Brovedani Nuti, writer/director Saba has added a new scene to the movie. More fun but work.
Lakers looking solid tonight
Not only will you save a bit of cash, but it will also keep you fit…there’s nothing like a nice walk to get some fresh air!
Team sleepover with the palatine tourny champs
That's some great stuff! RT Created a Twitter - just so I could Tweet from the PR&Social Media Summit
isn't that always the case? #SoldiersFollow Orders
re: rich, white, young, college-educated male? how about 3-out-of-5?
Im Good At Pretending I Dont Care..
Slow down baby!
Clear your mind now with the new Conscience Eraser™ from SC Johnson. A family company.
Do u wanna see me laughing wivout u? :)
trying to drown the pre-game jitters with some 🍻
Yes I did. But I can, I'm not a Cubs fan flaunting myself on Fox 6 News. Lol
I love our amazing lawlorff family please follow.
your profile picture is smexyyy;)
I could do that in one night, LOL i'll definitely watch! Going to bed now though, i have school in the morning, unfortunately!
I've also heard good things about the Sunoco at 1269 Chili, but that's a little farther away.
ive been good hun Nd u how is life treating you
I love you :) haha
About to sneak in LA Fitness
we love you Fia.
Dr. Lans has been voted one of No. Va.'s TOP DENTISTS. Call today and when you visit, bring your coupon for special introductory savings.
And one more AH flick: Angry Harvest w/ Armin Mueller-Stahl - to anyone who's following this exchange: GO OUT & RENT DVD NOW
Fiction to the rescue!
On my way to #HongKong and #Beijing - any travel tips for a first-timer?
thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too! Zin makes awesome wine - great website too!
from the estimators and never give it back. I told them I'm going to start. I can be the biggest bitch in the world.
Words, we like 'em.
Both are lame -- but even worse are people who pronounce "nuclear" as "nookyalur."
i believe we have someone headed out there. pretty sure he put you guys on his sched
Kinsey on #taxonomy: "nature rarely deals with discrete categories... The living world is a continuum in each and every one of its aspects."
Thanks for doing this for my father :) See you guys at the game...Go Bucky!!!
I'm in the mood for some sushi dammit lol.
Blues vs Kings always makes for some fun.
you got it boy!!
she will succeed & di well! There will be some small flub that will be forgotten quickly than she will rise greatly in her position
#FF Podcast I've listened to this week
TREE INFO-Trees have real monetary value based on appraisal process used by realtors, jewelers, ect. Of course they give us oxygen too!
Fridays are for #food tweets. #FoodieFridays we suppose. Actually, ideas welcome. Bon Appétit!
Whoever does the next #libday. Just use that tweet...
#FF , , and to see why we're so excited about teaching history through games (video and other)
Alrighty then! (Yikes!)
thank u love
"Swung on and there it goes! That ball is high! It is far! It is...GONE!" - John Sterling
Sex appeal is 50% what you've got and 50% what people think you've got.
lol. You welcome! Tell indieWIRE they better let you write as often as you want cuz you are VERY Latina and Gorgeous! LOL
"Straight Edge" people who don't even know who Minor Threat is <
Good afternoon :)
got it! I'm an idiot. sends a tweet and fogets what he's talking about. thanks. [bashful]
Shaq: "Chris Bosh is an 'other'."
Bryz should have had that one
hey buddy! Could I use your awesome acoustic guitar for an hour or so this week? I'll be so very sweet to it ;)
Hulk is unstoppable.
It's not just flopping. Block/charge arc has made refs lazy. They don't look at body positioning, only whether in or out.
Pajama day was okay I guess but my pajama shirt and my huge bear pajama shirt where Awsome because it had Justin's face on it 😃❤
Casey Kotchman is a good pick up, but he's a career .268 hitter w 59 homers in 8 years. Don't sell him as the "bat" we've been waiting for.
obviously time to clean up my follow list.
S/O to Big_D_evon for being lame and calling me a heathen..
This cat feels like a water Balloon.
Thanks for letting us know! If you ever have future problems w/ your reservation call 1-866-4Zipcar. DM us you Zipcard #
lmao college to extra time in
hes healed he just way off tonight
- So excited to have you!
four straight goals. good work guys!
4 Ways Tennis' 'Big Three' Can Force Positive Change in the Sport - Bleacher Report
" don't stop BELIEVIN' "
They steal you with hello, they kill you with goodbye.
all of them are disney stars
There were moments of hope, but for the most part we watched helplessly as the market moved in the wrong direction.
Co-directors Emad Burnat & Guy Davidi are both in town for their New Directors/New Films screenings of 5 BROKEN CAMERAS today and tomorrow.
& Good morning, and thank you for following! Consider & , please.
Imma watch tv. :)
Ladies, a man that can make you smile, think, & most importantly, consider new possibilities is one you want to keep.
Steve Orque and Jennifer Ray played into the wee hours! Long, but fun night at #PTs Winterwood!
Watching naruto.....sh..t dont laugh. yea im addicted.
Yes we do.. Sorry for the late reply, grab our email or phone number from our site for a quicker reply.
Lunch of wine tasting at Witch Creek Winery in Carlsbad Village
Had lunch @ the queen vic today. Omg the fish and chips....yum
The MAB Public Art Subcommittee meets today at 3pm - City Hall, Rm 303 w/special guest The Arts Board meets at 4pm - Rm 301A.
Sally,can you ask Dahvie or Jayy if they plan on coming to Chicago?I saw the new tour dates and Chicago is not there</3
Perfect! See you then!
I'll be home soon!!!
Cast selection for "All the King's Women" include & Congrats ladies.
im bout to go bowling
oh awesome...thanks!
Who can help me to bring to followig me? :)
Oh! Thanks!
Good morning. Happy Tres de Mayo!
7am work for the second time this week
It's Mac-n-Cheese and Fried Chicken cook-off day at NGPVAN- It's the most delicious office contest since the great Chilli cookoff of 2010!
Can we go
We're putting on a school assembly at Lakewood HS today! Special guests include NWBA players, Rocky, and sports anchors from Denver!
Anyone know why national FoxNews is doing live shots at the Cap (e. wash side)? Just making some shit up I assume?
at least I saw rm before so I'm okay with that....
he got them there
Yes! RT : Great idea: "Adele's 'Someone Like You' covered by Nickelback!"
haha for sure! :)
I wish the fireworks would stop so I can sleep.
And, I just got buttdialed by said friend. "What the hell is that?! Oh, someone's actually calling me! Hello? Hell? Oh, nevermind."
#amazing saeng!! :) you don't forget to remember me:) i'm soo touched. kk:)
ZooKeys paper submitted!!
anyone want some free cds?
your music has helped us all so much! So thank you :D your so sweet(:
ON CAM PLAYIN WITH MY SELF
Nolan..don't get it confused with Noah... Have ya runnin to the ship Cuz u floodin from the way I work my d***
Slow down. He doesn't have the job yet :-)
Super Fun!
But he is MVP so...
"Jeb Bush on Zim"....wow, when Fredo chimes in on the side of justice you know it's an obvious, bad situation. Geez...
Wow, #Timeline and #Opengraph look really awesome. I just wish I didn't have to use them with #facebook. I still want to own my data.
The answer to everyones problems ": okay this aint gonna work i need to cum..."
I wish my dad let me go to prom..
I wish I Iived in asia so I could see you on tour!!! <3
haven't stopped since last friday sister
very excited about 'Terminally Single'!
Thxs 4 the follow. Thx god it's friday! Have a good day.
ugh I have a bad headache right now.
My Derby selection:Gemologist!!! He's the real deal!!
HBO must stop playing Real Sex episodes circa 1989....enough is enough!
Welcoming & (to name a few) for #winetasting. Cheers mates!
Erica agreed to a three way ;)
Back in Texas. But I found my calling: Mountain Writer. It almost doesn't even matter what I write anymore. Almost.
I Wanna Go To Vegas For My Birthday...
You! RT : Who ? : o RT savemefromalie My best friend flirts with me sometimes everyone.
:'( its hard though! RT i'm gonna slap you anyways ally. I've had this long talk over and over with you ._____.
I think I'm just gonna watch It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia and smoke a bowl.
Well, regardless, your chances of getting paid more go up with a degree. I'd much rather take a risk than work for 8.80 forever.
Randomm but follow my great friend make her get 300 :)
I was raised in Haiti and my mom was born there, and seeing the outporing of support is so moving to me. THANK YOU on behalf of everyone.
both, actually :)
lemme know anytime you'd like to play some #minecraft -
Thank you so much for your reply! I was specifically hoping to get #KidsEatFree info for the Tucson Mall location.
Homeschoolers in the LIb: a hidden asset. Huge borrowers lifelong learners & frequent library users
“: THE #LAKINGS HAVE DONE IT! THEY ARE MOVING ON TO THE WESTERN CONFERENCE FINALS!” woo!
dammit I spelled with an E and autocorrect has it like a chic name. Love you, miss you!
Marquette v Arrowhead @ Kettle Morraine,7pm, this Sat. Get ur pre-sale tix @ MUHS, wear blue/gold. Cheer Topper Football to VICTORY!!
I think a product should be able to sell itself.. but one can't lose focus of brand -
-- watching #The700Club . . . who have I become? Lol
Catch me tomorrow night at 10pm SHARP. All my NYC fam lets shut the place down!
if i'm James dean, You're Audrey Hepburn
how r u tonight?
a Kleenex used by dr dre!
Standing next to quest at Lenny Kravitz
that's what girlfriends are for
That is correct
having a staged reading of my play at the end of the month -- coming up too fast! Aggh! need a valium
you're very welcome. Thanks for the follow back.
Ah--twitter confusion! You're disturbed by my post on T.H. I do like their sweaters, though.
Yay today with and it's gonna be epic
so excited for you to play for us June 5th!
YES! Sleepover muchachas! ;D
a couple hours ago
exactly why I quit it too. Why do I have to fax my marriage/divorce license??
Haha somebody getting lucky tonite 😂😂RT “: I can't wait to go to bed tonight!! 😍💤❤”
RT“ I lowkey miss my ex”
I don't do pinky promises, I do middle finger promises. So if you screw me over, you're done, and that's a legit promise.
Congratulations to the newly-renamed Council for Watershed Health (formerly the Los Angeles and San Gabriel Rivers Watershed Council) on...
100%. He's addicted to bunting. #buntingjunkie RT How much of the #brewers offensive struggles can you pin on #R??
Aww they're crying :o shoot I feel like it to . . .
Happy Saturday, Baltimore! Still don't have a present for that birthday this weekend? We're here to help & ready to wrap. #ComeGetYourToyOn!
Munoz....of course!
I want a new belly button ring. Tired of the one I have.
How does have 1 tweet and 4 million followers??? I have 1.5k tweets and i'm still stuck in double digits! Bitch!!
EFF YOU INSOMNIA.
My life have taught me one vital thing and that is: I came into this world alone. I shall leave it alone. And, if I have to live in it alone
Loe needs to sit for a long time-RR should know this-he pitches him too much. It was obvious tonight he didn't have his stuff.
NO! He comes across as a selfish cancer.
The best experimental music is less a laboratory in sound and more an epistemology of intermittent silence.
Why do I always stay up so late when J isn't here to make me shut the lights and go to sleep
I'll be at your door. debit card and ID in hand :-)
If this asshole tries anything, good luck to you. I'm tired of this.
TY for the RT! Many blessings to you!
Sorry for the poor grammar bro. Too much nerdy homebrew.
Ok maybe I will give it another try. I am kind of a big bang theory kind a guy. Luv that show
As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others
Give away more smiles, more hugs, more pats on the back, and more encouragement. Lord knows we all need it! Go Viks!
is back on land after a successful week of hurricane chasing and Pina Colada drinking :-)
Thanks Pirates- Down to 9 now!
When my Ex and I got bored! We'd make bets make it interesting and take it to the court!! 😏 so much fun!
Obstacles can’t stop you. Problems can’t stop you. Most of all, other people can’t stop you. Only you can stop you.~Author Unknown
that's a nice shot I'd the shuttle. Never seen a view like that before.
20 minutes of school left.
My dad is tight as fuck!
my grandparents are shady. -__-
I want to move!
How do I submit banners and logos for site owners to use on their sites to show support? Right now it says the site has 0.
Ensign Crusher does not crap! “: Oh. My bad. It was a 3.9. I only crap bigger than that after a breakfast burrito. I regret the error.”
this snow is more beautiful knowing that it probably won't be around very long :)
indeed; i hope you are doing great - thinking a lot about the hack & digi-citizenship this month; keep rockin' -
Let's move past "write what you know." Write what you want to see--it may take some work and research.
It is quite time consuming....
Bobby Knight has hacked Rex Chapman's twitter account!
You need to read your DMs man... lol
#69Factsaboutme 21. I have two favorite followers.
all them girls was trash lol Id take ma weave out fa dice lol I aint ashamed I still got long hair boo lmao
Partnered with Jessica Turral, another Fellow, to put in a garden with youth at the city Detention Center. Pics at baltimorecitysprouts.org.
It's Friday time to get JUICED UP with Meech Dogg On you tube, Meech Dogg JUICED UP...
what platforms besides fb and twitter are you using to promote sports coverage
Wow, 5 shows now booked and 1 radio interview. Going to be a busy end of the year!
Goodbye to the 2011-2012 NBA season
People who tweet "who is Steve Jobs" from a Iphone, ipad, or Mac <
Maury: non-stop running PSA for birth control...& the worlds worst hook ups..YIKES!!!
If you want things to change in your life, you have to make changes
Keef Cola Aya is in. Why are we excited about it? b/c it's an energy drink made with 100% sativa. Yes please!
I'm ready. I'm always ready.
RT how versatile is he. Could he play LDE on 3rd down. >> yes Sir. Did it in college.
Two great collaboration ales on tap - Sierra Nevada/Dogfish Head Life & Limb and Ommegang/La Chouffe Gnomegang.
How do I make RSS feeds of your guys channels and shows?
thats what she said
Didn't know I could schedule a Tweet until today. Can I use as alarm clock?
i just want you to know how much i truely love your music and your true personality if you do see this thats cool;)
When I'm with you you're my para, para, paradise.
just realized how short the guys on Jersey Shore are...I would look like an absolute beast next to them
I'm old enough to understand when to let go.
I love Seinfeld
Perforce Chronicle makes website workflow configurable. "Bring sanity into deployment management." Plus WYSIWIG editor.
I look at all my exes & scratch the shit outta my head.. Fuck was I smoking?? #the shame
It's April and snowing? It better stick then!
What up tweet peeps
I need food...
Chris Jones busting out the m berry on check it out yourself at !!!
There are no rules against eating cookies in the shower.
Ash from the Soufriere is making all of us very sick in PR!!
I love you. Thank you.
I'm missing her like Amber Alert
Good luck Emily!! 1/2 marathon is my favorite distance. I'll run 13.1 tomorrow in support of you!
Help wanted at Tea Pot Lounge...We need a sign holder from 3-6pm Mon-Fri. $20 cash per day. Please email contact info to
next week bro, I'm done with the semester, Monday afternoon? And I wanted be on a organ...
Disgusting?...are you angry for a suggestion smh
that's fine...yo momma played linebacker for the #patriots!!!
I miss you! I am free whenever so just call me my dear...
Hawks showed up tonight
Our identity does not come from the creation, but the Creator.
Congrats for a top 5 finish in the car tonight!
We lift the cross, lift it high, lift it high! #missingTeamChipley :)
Yea it's in one of the sections we wanted. What about you guys?
Barely got in to Kristina Halvorson's talk on Content Strategy. SRO. 2nd session added for the 130 people who couldn't get in.
RT : hahaha ay ay ay< the stripper pole is hard to install...Damn, I just hit my thumb from the hammer!
"You have to teach me your ways.." "You just don't say no."
This is the best baseball matchup ESPN has had in a long time. Too bad I'm going to have to change it at 8 for Desperate Housewives
lol....love it.
Don't forget the , the iPhone and a SIGG water bottle to wash down the Sours. May your road trip with go smooth!
News: "Facebook Asks Users to Add Organ Donor Status" <-- Whatever...we sell them here on Twitter.
Annual Asthma and Allergy Conference set for Tuesday - Altoona Mirror
Your Welcome. They were happy to see you!!
RT :Congratulations Coach Ken Frank on becoming the all time wins leader amongst baseball coaches in the state of New Jersey
Not New York v. New England #already seenthismatchup
never been conceited...i've been quite shy for most of my life
#goPackgo RT : Aaron Rodgers, James Jones and Green Bay are all trending!!
get well...or else!
Can somebody text me
Biebet wtf? What would Usher say?
God blesses those who bless others volunteers were blessed to a part of &
we are recording the #workstyle webinar for later playback - thanks!
you don't listen to very good music
Get your chili tickets today in HBH Foyer!
Every time Joe Mauer gets a hit I think the majority of St. Paul gives a little fist pump along with a, "that a boy, Joe"
how's the event going? Is EMFR there?
Future never speak in complete sentences ...
u already know :)
Are you attending our next event on 4/12 w/ AD Larry Williams? Check your email for more info!
haha patience my dear ☺
Why, thank you for the mention! I'm honored.
#turned fuckinn up with and and and
it's been fun cheering along with you!
I believe it was from the show that Justin bieber came and did a surprise performance? But I'm not totally sure. A few days ago.
So those cops that killed that retired Marine was cleared by a GJ. Only in A-merry-ca.
RT "The A's have 4 consecutive hits, now here's Josh Donaldson."
been there bumped that.
Mr. Lincoln sent me on an assignment before that fateful night. I would not have abandoned my post, I assure you, suh.
Can we actually pull this out?
I fucking hate living here.
Just drag the .jar files into the "plugins" folder
Hey Julz! Missed you tonight at ICON! Hope to see you next week! Much love xoxo
Hilarious ": So i see you went as a slut wearing a pair of animal ears for Halloween, that's cute."
its day here but night sweet dreams xD :)
it will be interesting to see what company pops on the radar doing just this - do you have an alpha product yet?
Really hoping today goes well. :x
I lose like 2 followers a day haha.
tsk tsk tsk. I have mine set to record shows forever. :) I haven't watched a tv show/movie at the right time since 2008.
it was great to meet you last night!
I need more heels. Idk how I only got down to 2. The others got warn out or they were just too uncomfortable I guess.
Beware. Using Coozy or Kozy or a derivative may result in a lawsuit. It's a brand with a litigious trend.
Your mom wants you to buy the new album next week. And drink more coffee.
Yay! That is so great. I'm glad he found a good home. And I'm glad your friends found a good dog!
called you up earlier phone dead???
Beautiful day, beautiful beach, and one more night with the one man band phenomenon known as Ben Prestage! Starts at 8:30...see you then!!
Done! July, let's make it happen, folks.
Hey tweeps? What's the best #iPhone #prank #app?
Hospital in Haiti Launches Search for Chief Executive Officer
More than happy to bring #BFC2012 users on my #sustag board.
HELLO....TWITTER WORLD....IM WORKIN ...NO SLEEP 4 Me...CHICAGO ON MY MIND !
nothing says, "welcome to the real world!" like dropping $105 on a car battery. yuck-o!
I absolutely agree!
hope everything is cool with your little sprout.
I can have all that though haha 
Yay! RT Digital Archive of Literacy Narratives at #4c12 on my list today to talk about Twitter literacy!”
New Video Coming Soon
She don't know how to discipline them either. That's why they scared of me, I'm quick to bust they ass and put em in timeout lol
Yes! We'll be waiting!
Now why would I be lying!? lol
I never want to say my best days are behind me. I never want to be lukewarm, again.
#undateable is one who lied to get you in the first place.
A moment of clarity...
MRI on L Ankle this AM. Hope 4 no torn ligaments/tendons (surgery if yes). 3 1/2 wks since fall. Still painful & wearing danged boot! Grr.
hi All
definitely watching Double Rainbow in marketing right now with
oh, man....sorry for that--yuk!
BCS officials acting like a 4 team playoff is real change. Its the same garbage just repackaged.
I dunno, I don't think any of those are gonna clinch it.
Responded to FIRE @ 31 Essex St, Brooklyn, NY 11208. Red Cross auto update.
: I'm really pulling for your enjoyment.
killed it on ! Straight genuine!
Light night WENDYS, big big day tomorrow
Really want some hot chocolate right now
Ppl say it's never too late, but that's not true. Do what u can, while u can. Today is never promised tomorrow.
MT First day today - Baird's Business Solutions Conference in Boston. Follow #RWBBizSolutions hashtag for conference coverage.
In order to know who you are you need to know God is
46% of people described themselves as couch potatoes – a major contributing factor to being overweight
Only one rightful place to put the newly announced Bob Uecker statue at Miller Park: among the $1 Uecker seats behind a pillar.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 310
Was in DC last week w/my partner, met 2 really nice boys near Dupont Circle; too bad we couldn't hook up though.
AGT going on!!
To all HR Managers, save time now you can order your Birthday Office cakes with us - 855-454-4500 will deliver it to You ,. !!!!
Pretty sure he gave me mano
RT : Do you know any good DC based Java/JSP programmers avail right away? Please send them my way. GSA a bonus. Thank you tweeps
what are you shooting?
Considering an interactive touchscreen as a sales tool? Leverage it as part of your "go green" messaging; reduce preprinted brochures!
I'm assuming you share my concerns whether that show would be as funny 20 years later. But there's only one way to find out.
wow ridiculous. That's how one of my friends is. Always all up on man ;P
Hi! So many place at once!
Ted Nugent pleads guilty in illegal AK bear kill
Have a blessed Holy Week!
the new Hollywood Undead album > thanks !
Salt. Salt.
beating the Cats is Always great -says the girl from Tucson!!! #goDevils!!!
what happened?
great fucking movie
That is great news. thanks for sharing. I hope I never hurt myself, but I know what to do now incase
I dedicate my 540th tweet to and I to learn 540s together in June!!!!
We've got events coming up if you're interested in supporting the film! Tweet or message us to find out more!
Need new graphics for an existing display, installation & dismantling services, shipping, storage or on-site logistical services? 2152799120
Single and looking for someone who respects me <3
If Casey Anthony didn't kill her , the who did?
did you know that 70% of house-hold dust is comprised of epidermal tissue?
Last night...typical Orioles...thank god for the Caps!.
I know how he turned out.... and it frightens me sometimes >
I ordered a wrong screen for my net book and it's still sitting here lol not enough time
1017 brick squad
I need a foot rub...whose turn is it?
Just got to work :)
Im gonna cut out all the negativity in my life and be one super happy bitch (:
nice//“: Forgotten B(SEC)S fact: #OKState beat two SEC teams on the road this year: Mizzou and A&M. #SeeWhatIDidThere”
I will and would if you promise me something
I see clean right through you Taylor!
Set an intention and you are at the cause of its fulfillment. Have an expectation and you are at the effect of what remains unfulfilled.
Well Put T ": winners never fall. They may trip, but they know how to regain their balance."
so u hate good days??
Just started typing my essay that was due on Thursday last week.
The second most popular place to search, after Google, is YouTube!
What kind of name is Sefolosha??? Sounds like a
your that dude
thanks fo the follow!
Nice regimen!
David Krejci wins the game in OT and caps off his amazing night with a Hat Trick!!! Couldn't be more awesome!
We're 5 - 1, and area play starts this Wednesday !
Post one observation about today's primaries.
So excited that this school year is over! Now back to ME! About to bump the Discipline and Dangerous albums. Luv me some & MJ!
Canon U.S.A. Updates Large Format Printers to Improve Convenience and Versatility for Growing Market
we need to get us one of those at #unicornplanet cc:
Beautiful weather today - Cloudy with a Chance ....Cute movie too! The Munchkings highly recommend it.
that topic should trend
nah, imma play the whole thing! ;)
lol. That seems to be how it goes. Well if you need anything, please let us know!
which burger is that? Doesn't look like a sticky monkey?
+2 RT : +1 MT Congrats on the teaching prize!”
Ideally, a maker space facilitates addressing local problems by creating local solutions.
a friend invited me and saw you in plancast... i'll be in sf mon-thurs. ping me, esp should you want a west coast scrabbling.
You don't know what it means to win.
I missed you & your drunk tweets
Mudd Design Education Workshop VI -ing
Dunno where he's been but saw Omar just a lil while ago! Love to see #greatartists know eachother! :)
Jesus take the wheel
Hit her up ! Lol RT : if she's down haha
he better. "treat yo self two thahsnleven"
Really enjoyed the film. Congrats to everyone involved in the production.
Yea, it's messy - but so worth it!
Rivers Monroe will be doing a contest soon to win some VERY COOL STUFF. Stay tuned. -RM
You do your research!
he said his phone is off
#2011was a pretty good year :) Can't wait for 2012! We choose our own destinies God provides guidance, its up to us to choose the right path
I just downloaded the Bollywood song from "Smash." What's HAPPENING to me?
Will u marry me!! :p haha! <3
whaat up ms. follow me back
Gmail users open our emails TWICE as often as Yahoo or Hotmail. What's with that?
JG, Gordon says you are missing a great event!
"Tuesday Night Showcase": Are you an unsigned artist who would like to perform in NYC - FREE? Call 347 249 9441 for details!
#Denver #Nuggets on a 18-6 run!! Playing well since catching the #Grizzles. Nice work!!
Having the only #KIKI with my POCKET <3
I have those same problems haha
if she was only 19 minutes late, things would've been just peachy.
so true. Its time that the body truly be the body and come together. Its like nobody heard of "Divide & Conquer".
FOLLOW MY OTHER ACCOUNT FOR MY 2.790 FOLLOWERS.. LEST GO
agreed, but I try not to pass judgement, one of my sons good friends if from Barca. He calls playing football "Barca"
Liars tend to pause before speaking and often longer while repeating phrases or speaking quicker.
Good idea about the voice/treat correlation. Gonna be very conscious of that.
Lol the Man (Torterella) has the personality of Tree Bark... Albeit Angry 1 Word Tree Bark. :D
Never think with my heart first I always think with my mind first then my heart afterwards
MUST FOLLOW ALERT! >>>>
..either way, I enjoyed it!! Ha
RT & : You can teach people to engage with communities. You can't teach them to have a soul. Hire smartly.
MT : [snip]... I just broke my window while trying to feed the birds. Over and out.| DONE IT-TAKE SEED OUTTA THE BOX FIRST:D
#OnlyUglyPeople == know it alls, weasels, backstabbers, the closed-minded, biggots, ...
im on'
Oh, no doubt! I agree. But I see a huge level of interaction on FB, especially to photo/video, which I rarely see on Twitter.
We chose Tomcat 4 our Cloud App Platform, a great choice Despite rumors of java's demise its the right cloud architecture 4 enterprise apps
haha how light? Don't die it blonde or orange! U should get an afro! Haha
Be honest. A "Nature Valley Granola Thin" is really just a cookie.
Glish was so good tonight. love me some noise pop after a long day's work.
You killed my father. Prepare to die.
all boarded and ready to depart Denver for the quick road trip to Rochester.
OH: That's it! No iPad for a day.
hi, i'm awkward.
How are Rick Buck and Melanie doing from season 2? Still together? Let's get an update before season 4 starts.
Sweet! Pitt is offering some classes in embedded librarianship and other stuff this summer.
Creed concert tickets for Milwaukee, San Antonio, Las Vegas, Woodlands, Cuyahoga Falls, Cincinnati go on sale this weekend.
If Pens could get the right deal, it should be done. I would rather see him flurish elsewhere than be canned up here.
Loving the new #Metric song
Not too much, a lot of writing and we just played the Fearless Friend's tour last night. And yeah i just now saw it! So sick:]
thank you so much for the follow and the support - twin actors/models Alexandro and armando
no sir. working track and field all day today.
Kids in love -Mayday Parade
good morning to you as well. Have a great day :)
. and headed to a fatal shooting at Knox Ct. and 13th Ave in #Denver this morning; few details
wall street isn't a business, but yes that's the way biz works, more profit means u can expand your business
Areas around bus/mass transit stations.
RT : It's much easier to maintain your integrity without compromise than to rebuild your integrity after you've compromised it.
sweet great to have you in Tulsa
Extending events in SQL 2012 session with Chris
Hate to say but I always seem to be wrong about guys, all end up being assholes, shallow, & not worth my time. I hope one day I find right..
so it is a time thing? Show up late and we will get you in and out sooner... I'm the instructor
Was i the only person who thought Scooby-Doo was corny?
I recognize those feet!
But I did turn in my 1st draft of my "Friendships Don't Just Happen!" book manuscript before I flew out of town! Woo-hoo!!!
im good (:
I really am over thinking
- I remember seeing the video for "Spanish Sahara" and being entranced by the images & sound.
Yo i wanna be a misuse..."i really looking towards that someday. Im good at it .
Look at your hands... no holes.
seriously...the illuminati...DONT GIVE IN PUNK
I wonder if ever dreams about mahomies?
good advice for undocumented folks as well.
Hoping all is well in Oakland. Missing in Athens.
Criminal Minds, then the gym.
The Rhythm of The Dance Tour is coming to the Lincoln Center in Ft. Collins Colorado this April 12th. This is a show you don't want to miss!
No its not going down tonight
Thanks for the great advice buddy!
Lmfao Dee is stupid.
I'll take the over if it's shots taken...
I show spammers & p*rn purveyors no mercy--block 'em and report 'em.
I like to drink water its good for you
Ive been wanting to read more books, but twitter is like reading a book every day.
My name is katniss hear my arrow soar through trees! My name is rachel watch my arrow go two inches!!!
In America, sex is an obsession. In other parts of the world, it is a fact.
O family feud....
Headline: "#Norway rampage culprit calm, expects life in jail" Um, yeah, ya' think?! The whole thing makes me sick.
It makes my day a little brighter every time answers a #diginterp question. He has perfected just the right amount of snark.
“Every accomplishment starts with the decision to try.”
It's a great day in Chicago to get drunk and watch sports.
Weekend TV: '30 Rock' to air live episode Thursday - Tulsa World
I think my fave line was "you're lucky I'm not a drug addict". I know other spoiled kids using similar logic.
Finally going to church
ok then!
Let's Go Murray State I've got you going all the way.
I will not discuss him with you, OMG I cant believe you asked me about that guy wow this lady Mary is really weird
M(to I, who asked to sleep in her bed): "No! You'd try to have sex with me! I think both of you would! I think ANYone would!"
good morning martine, i agree with you i try to do the same thing
Not really feeling like myself today 😞
I went ahead and cut mine off. I was attached to the length. You could transition in braid outs, and updo styles.
Today is a VERY VERY BIG day for me!!! Bless God!!
Good Luck to All #TedxYouth day events happening today around the world! We will be Livestreaming tomorrow starting at 6:30 pm ET
don't forget I'm also, single-handedly, bringing the city of Detroit to the forefront of the US economy.
Somebody told me today that need #autotune. HELL. FUCKING. NO.
got the Nano watch as a gift from Mrs. C...I'm now hip, cool and with it.
CAN U FOLLOW ME PLZ TRYIN TO GET ALL OF MY SISTERS TO FOLLOW ME WILL BE THE BEST
i know right. But i got me a ipad so i could get on twitter more often.
Maybe the B is for Benigno.
#Its2012 And Yall Females Still leting A nigga record you sucking dick or wadever n u wanna tlk about other ppl being Hoes !
hehe, I know that feeling :-)
thanks for the #FF :)
I don't know what that means!
Hark, the Herald Angels--No Wait, That's Just the Echoes of My Screams
we gotcha on the next one. Fo Sho !
SCR will be Performing Live On Wednesday @ "Clairiton High School" at 12pm ! and Then We'll Be at "Capa High School" @ 7pm Be There! !!
Jesus is literally everything . Why cant my mind or heart comprehend this ... i guess thats why its a constant war . Flesh vs Spirit
I was just bored though. Nothing serious bro
I wouldn't even call it a dusting but it caused two people to send panic texts wondering about christis bday party tonight
And no fucks we're given last night
please follow back?? and congrats on 1k btw :DD ;*
Awe love it<3 You're awesome, thankyou RT : Big fan of music and live shows! #MusicInTheD”
50 cent ain't a rapper who got shot nine times, it's the fuckin price we pay, when we eat on wing night!
Really bummed my commute caused me to miss tonight's #PRStudChat, great advice though!
I love when I see guys out and they try to act like a bad ass's then c u see therewittweets and they sound like
Sounds fun, can I come?
Show getting stupid. Guys should have left. She's vacant and ridiculous.
- At best it goes to a game 7 - the Lakers will win the series
only if your diet consists of bbq'ed unicorn
When I'm not holding da block!....I'm gardening.
Excellent point! Tests like FCI have since adapted a tool to higher order that the inventor characterized as crude.
now I see I was right to call you LIL GANGSTA
thank you for the RT! You are such a "Tweetheart" !! :)
Opera Supper will feature amazing local talent brought to you by Californos! Call up now to reserve one of the last few tables.
you must have an obsession with Leah lately.
hm... gonna have to check and see how long it will take to get there and if Im breaking any laws! lol
bored out of my mind in english...
Boys gutted out a 3-3 tie with the Huskies. Now a bus ride back to Madison then it's time to get ready for the Rats of Minny.
New: Green coffee bean extract is the newest pill deemed safe for fat burning.
It's a damn shame that #TerraNova is the worst show I've ever seen, especially considering I've seen multiple episodes of Joey.
wishing my hair would cooperate this morning..
I'm joining!
Oh yummy desserts. None for me. Not yet. Bean cake in my future. :)
You really rocked it on stage & we are so glad you were part of We gotta get you back in NOLA for longer next time!
RT : Official French Elections results: François Hollande is the new French president with 52.0% of the votes #france2012 Good!!!
Caramelized onions, and much more!
Dalton&#39;s Four Principles,is the law of the magi that applies and make ...
hahah I know(:
Dem Franchise Boyz
We Build Apps! Got an idea for an App, or promote your self with An App. Turn you into a Game? Sounds funny? but why not? Best! DonnO
awww, no lie haha my friend and I were thinking of moving out to LA by next year! I'll be back soon
I know, I miss you guys!!!! Still waiting on that email :)
I never wanna hear you say, 'I want it that way' <3
I want freedom
'Everyday I'm Shufflin' with lol :]
See y'all in the A.M ya hurd
A woman KNOWS her place, a slore questions it.
Tomorrow!! Black Friday Tattoo Sale! Get 50% more than you spend on a gift certificate when you pay cash! $100=$150, $500=$750, etc!
It's surprising (or really not so much) how many projects are geographic, esp. in data visualization sessions.
Thanks. Dude's being nasty, oh well, c'est la vie.
At the Buffalo Beverage Exchange April 4, we raffled off 12 Brita filters. Those plus recycleable bottles are one good way to promote water.
I've got some amazing makeup brush sets that I'm selling! 12pc, brushes feel like bunnies on your face! Anyone interested?
The new patio at at Easton is so nice...thanks for hosting us! ()
The Fray is perfect.
yeah thank god I'm so drained 😔😓😖
#3WordsForYou so you mad?
It's an after effects kind of Sunday working on work work. Boo.
I have a nice house. A nice car. A amazing family. Heck, I have an amazing life!
“: forgot to tell u, love the avatar prom pic!”. HAHAHAHAHA. Will soon be half marathon 🏆
whats the latin homework?
thanks for the ff :)
Ight I need a Clippers W
I can't get over that Carlos Fuentes quote in 's obit for him.
Living the dream my friend...RT : Another beautiful morning for open enrollment employee meeting.
after what happened in ATL I'm not sure. He might be black balled by the NFL. He might have to be an OC in college for a while.
Happy St. Patrick's Day to you!
You must have a lot of practice, cause you appear to be rather good at that already.
They'll never learn
Haha, I just pulled coworkers into my office to watch the video of the Feinger. That song was... memorable.
the only free thing I got is love baby...everything else will cost ya ;)
A snitch nigga dats dat shit I don't like bang bang bang
Please it 11:11 follow me? And I just said I hope you come true!<3 <111
Mahalo for the follow!
He definitely lives on in my apartment, I'm playing Freak Out right now!
Where was this sunshine yesterday ?? Froze my ass off at Thunder Over Louisville and missed the Big Yankee Rally at Beantown !!!
Good luck Ellie!
I got em creating healthy meals for me on the grill at work. Everyone is in line looking at me crazy. I don't care tho. Lol!
It was awesome seeing him play last night. Palmer beat Coronado like 7-1
"OMG did you get BRACES?!?" ,"nah I just decided to chew some staples..."
Omg Kim is smoking while prego Oh wait that's what my mom did And I turned out great !!!
Hiya!! Do you do remixes too??
It sure be some Captainsavahoes in the gym...MANE!!!
does that mean frog and firkin? Then yes :)
: (If the grocery stores delivered alcohol to homes here, no one would go to work.)
keep contributing to obesity.
nope I don't, and no I never leave anything in my car either
it says it should but it might not. I want to but it's $30
If Roberto Hernandez gets to pitch for the #Indians this year, he's got to be the favorite for Rookie of the Year.
OMG My paper is due today and I still haven't finished my last paragraph!!!! The worst part is IT'S IN MY LOCKER!!!! :(
OMG is following me:D!!! oh my god i love his blog and his band! C: <3
I'm spinning til 4am at LEGROOM on division st!
Self Preservation.
We have the DRX-9000 in our arsenal of cures for chronic back pain. It has changed people's lives. So happy to come to work everyday.
What we don't see won't hurt us! You get a pass regardless!
Allen pointing out what he says are inaccurate comments from Sugarland PR rep, accuses him of injecting religion into comments
This movie we are watching is so boring
Always busy Gina-keeps my mind going!!! happy Friday back at you!!!
yeah I find it better than giving my my mom a "coupon that's good for 1 hug" lol 😄
Nothing but #beautiful #women tonight! Are you here yet??
Let us know when you have arrived with a dm or @ reply
#MovieFactOfTheDay OJ Simpson was originally supposed to play the Terminator before it was given to Arnold.
HAHA. Welcome I my life. Whenever I'm about to talk , people always ask me if it's about Bieber or 1D.
Very much appreciated man.
To person who pulled the fire alarm at work today: thank you
#youarethereason God invented earplugs
You would think that, you ignorant Yankee
are you sure I know mine Votic4kScLaN isnt
Putting 2gether a Team: "Craig, we're not looking 4 the best ones, we're looking 4 the RIGHT ONES!"- Herb Brooks, 80 OT!
GO DUCKS
I had the same thing happen a month ago.
Casteio in extra time at the end of first half puts Dallas up one nothing
Thank you for the retweet!
For awhile there I just thought pirates were careless about protecting their eyes. Now the patch totally makes sense.
I hate mushrooms
Yahoo! Goes Beyond Gold With Global Programming Coverage of Summer Olympics
But we're still chatting on #twitter. lol. RT : +1 RT : Definitely best as a team...
I suck at tweeting.
that's wassup bro i didnt get the tape yet tho.
It's been a great night for Round 1 of the #NFLDraft ... We'll be back tomorrow for rounds 2&3 at 7pm!
Sometimes I hate leaves cause they look like lizards.
#3wordsforyou not even beat
I've been a fan since you were in diapers fool
At the Womens NDClub w president Nuuchi Currier and with National federation of Democratic women president Estelle Lloyd. Showtime!
Thanks for the Follow and the RT and the mention. Looking forward to visiting #Arista at #TheCrosby by #Davidson on Saturday.
thats pretty shady, why do you need sound proof walls? Haha
You can't go back to greendale... BECAUSE IT DOESN'T EXIST!!
TOMORROW! *GROOVE w/ GIGI TORRES! 7p | $12 | studio702 Pre-register & get a free essence swag bag! Email name to
Can't wait for #abduction to come out. Super excited and ready to watch on the big screen over the weekend.
“: YES. Very. 😣 haha” you need to calm down and think about what you just did! LOL
<--- most beautiful actress and defiantly one of the prettiest girls alive. #crush #JustSaying #marryme lol
I wont be tweeting much tomarrow I have a series of testing that I will be doing tomarrow I will be staying overnight at the hospital!
Candidate for best idea in a LONG time RT : Cool! I sent the link to the google group.
work overload, caffeine overdose, body that won't cooperate. lovely morning. headed to nara soon.
n6 fats have been shown to cause inflammation, causing heart disease, while n3 fats have been shown to reverse this.
Ya alright Paige.
should be a good time
somebody please tell me they saw christina aguilera's nasty big ass on the voice w/the big nasty #shartstain in the ass of her dress?
What is going on with RTs? why are all of them getting converted to "RT" old-style, even when I don't use "Retweet with comment"?
Follow Me Please!? 26
It's all about weights, and it's gotta hurt. Aerobic and anaerobic. I bet your mom doesn't do MMA like you do :)
it was great seeing you in Nashville! Hope to see you again soon! Besides, I still owe you that drink! (:
What's good, everyone? What are you up to today/tonight/whenever?
mixing Will Kennedy's' drums on my tune Lightning & Fireworks for "Simply One" cd, crazy intense playing! Wow!
When I say I want a tall iced mocha in the morning, what I really mean is that I want a tall chocolate milk. Bzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.
Any way we can ban the words "run, don't walk" when talking about a sale in a commercial? Anybody ever run, ever?!
"Distribution decisions are just as important as content decisions in building and serving an audience."
“: Dunked but didn't know what to do when I got up there. So I let go and fell hard ..... #oops” i just read this again and lol'd
#WhatHurtsTheMost knowing that doesn't know of my existence and I sit here all day talking about him -___-
yeah I did. I'm really glad decided to bring it back
Girls, Girls, Girls, by Jay Z playing #JayZ fan #
Pies & cornbread made. Yay;-)
We know e-book sales have increased - but sales in higher ed are steady. I think most readers choose e-books for leisure.
that was actually when i met her haha it was free!
take your ass to sleep lol:-)
Jira+GreenHopper leaves a bit to desired. Don't forget to choose Scrum Template. But why should I have to?
We have new trial databases with Arabic & Spanish language articles. Try AskZad & Fuente Academica Premier & tell us what you think!
when I have a six pack and I'm beautiful like the rest of you guys. So. Prob never
You'll have to drink mine for me. cc
Describe the limitations of youtube 5 years ago. Now tell us what it will look like in 2016?
Sounds perfect for a day like today...or maybe a day like any day...
There's this Mitch Hedberg joke about red bananas... turns out, you get them at the Kroger on Moreland Avenue.
Yes really
does that include you with your #eatshitmubb?
can't argue that. Rewind one of my fav by nas
I filed a Lost/Delayed report receipt. Disappointed in the customer service at baggage claim.
You need less when you know more ;) x
“: U create ur own drama by the people u surround yourself with!Wish I knew tht earlier!” You also create it when you abuse women
And you talk about phoniness that's cute
I need to have one night to myself.....
- hold in to it like you hold on to the clubface at impact. :)
AH SO EXCITED!!
michael pesce's piano party! february 19 and 21!
Deontology is the discipline that studies duty.~D
So ready for the to come on!!! Here with Tracey and their no. 1 fan Laura who's representing Columbia MO
What an amazing weekend- coached youngest son's soccer, saw him score a goal and my middle guy pitched a no hitter! Good times.
My terrors were quickly supplanted by delight.
If you love America please check out IRONWILL and Stay Killer Design!
thanks old pal!! Lol
Happy New Year! Start your year off with fun & excitement @ The Monster Truck Show on Jan 7 & 8 @ Lazy E Arena! Lazye.com for more info!
Looking forward to wearing my MLA '12 jersey to the exhibit opening and having picture taken with NPC & LAC members
RT : Landed in Vegas, ready to hit the circuit #Vegas <<REPRESENT WELL!
There's always going to be something that trys to get in your way of being and doing your best... fuck what others say... love been you.
Come join the YMCA! RT : Needs to work on my fitness ASAP!
Now that our nails are done.. Lmao ... Time for some COD
“: How's Drew Henson these days? ” still being the best quarterback ever.
who the fuck is stomping in the apartment upstairs!!
I can officially report the game is at 7:05 CT. #gladIcouldhelp “:
Wanting to read Rework by the 37 Signals crew.
Kudos for lasting this long! I've already had a box of samoas and thin mints! RT : First Girl Scout cookie of the season....
New App Coming called Jackpot Balls in June. Top Stars sign with Crown Games. Arlene Bruce BC Lions Star will be on the New Apple App..
>>Hey I remember that night! “: 300 of us saw Springsteen tape an MTV concert there in 92 MT ://t.co/4P4JaON5”
soon Im working on my license
Playing sony making money a
My *absolute* pleasure! I should be thanking you for giving me a wonderful book to work with =D
Create opportunities for shoppers to use mobile devices to help spread the word and get other consumers involved
I know you get this alot But I thought I'd try and tell you. You are my INSPIRATION. <3 2
": People too weak to follow their own dreams will always find a way to discourage yours."
I want a new life and I want it with you.
Congratulations to the 2011 FEDLINK Small Library of the Year, Eglin Air Force Base Library.
Is that today? Happy Birthday! :) Have fun, whatever you decide!
My daughter swims as well as a fish out of water. A lot of flopping around and looks of panic.
Bad day ahead.
I popped in the dvd
Dear Chase Bank: Please do not send me an email confirming a change of address with the words FRAUD and ALERT all over the subject heading.
For those ripping the Chalmers shot, a question: Did you watch Game 2 of the 2011 NBA Finals? All you're trying 2 do down 3 is get a clean 3
My account has been hacked... apologies for any crazy messages.
Hey book nerds. My client is one of the wittiest chicks I know. Two words: Jesus. Bobblehead. Check her out:
Going to guam with and a big box of freezepops
Music is the literature of the heart; it commences where speech ends. ~Alphonse de Lamartine
To expect defeat is nine-tenths of defeat itself~Henry Louis Mencken
Taylor Swift wonderstruck perfume commercial...
didnt text me all day ... fuck
- Thanks for following ...... Hope you have an amazing weekend!!! :)
Book editing treats me pretty well. I'm loving Evil Plans, btw.
I'd like you, but let's face it. You're no So, goodbye.
Merry CHRISTmas everyone!!! I will be cramming in presents along with art all this week. Just gotta snap out of my current state of mind.
OMG. I want that cupcake.
How bad is the late start going to screw the #Reds travel plans to Hotlanta?
Cherry Pepsi tastes a lot like regular Pepsi, except in every way.
I'm listening to
had a great time at the rally today. best atmosphere on the mall since the inauguration!
Happy mother's day , love you<3
Thank you! You are awesome! Kings are in line for another sweep!!
Have fun! And look for Ashland on the right; that's where I go every day. Plus, you might even see our minivan at Lindenwold!
Can yesterday just not have happened?
wussup new follower :)
that child has some for real problems!
thanks brutha! livin for the one who gave his life for me ya dig
We are suffering from a pervasive #trustdeficit. What is our recourse? Some tools: Who has additions?
I KNOW. god
there's a natl noodle day?? RT : NATIONAL NOODLE DAY CALLS FOR 89 CENT GARLIC NOODLES! (via )
To borrow a phrase from , I am completely aboard the struggle train today. yikes.
the Triad area, High Point/Greensboro area. So green and outdoorsy up there, love it!
I'll be there about 2
Buhaaaaaaa. I agree, that was bad.
good point.
We're looking forward to it. Street fair wkend!
Public school's are so random
We love coming down to Asheville from the Shenandoah Valley of Virginia. Great Food, people and music. Love Hector's food...
Why can't it be Easier?
I need a manager
#bestofsd thanks to everyone who participated, attended and peeps for volunteering to help!
Leadership means leaving things, and people, better than you found them.
Had to spend my emergency beer money on tampons. This is my life.
HEY I JUST TWEETED YOU..AND THIS IS CRAZY...BUT HERES MY FOLLOW BUTTON.. SO PRESS IT MAYBE?<3 2
“Wabi-sabi: the Beauty of Imperfection, 5 minute Ignite-style talk.” Rachel Nabors,
I get really confused when I a biz operating on FB as a personal profile and not a page. Are there benefits to this? Or is it just laziness?
Bieber is the poor man's JT.
Baby is on the radio for like the first time in forever! :D
Oh look. Trans-Siberian Orchestra is playing in Milwaukee during December. Again.
So as you ponder the future and your possible work in Lat. America, be encouraged by someone like David E. Davis. God bless
We kind of really want some more INTERESTING followers. RT for us and ask your friends to show us some love? <3
Learn to Appreciate the ppl who always good to you ! #Silently I appreciate you!
It would have been entertainment
The Museum will share highlights of Faith Ringgold’s March 22nd visit. Stayed tuned for photos, video excerpts, and insightful quotes...
aww that's sweet thank u very much ! :-))
my life is a joke.
hardest working man in show biz, mr Pratt. Hang in there, sicko!! (ps autocorrect almost caught me at shoe biz)
Sen Buck - how many parents are successful in getting expulsions reversed?
aw that's nice, have fun!
THIS IS WAR! CureMyPC vs. The Security Shield Virus ... Anyone who calls from Twitter gets $30 OFF all service plans! (800) 349-4824
you call it stupid I call it creative thinking
& I'm not even trying to be a bitch..
very soon...you don't want to see these parts...were polishing...
#ThingsIDontHaveTimeFor ... Hate... Bigotry... Luddites...
Im at Aurum Studios gettin right!!!! Need to get you down here to work on some heat!!! holla at me
Yall drunk last night? RT : Y'all just don't knw how bad my head looked last night after tht shot, and beer and daiquiri lol!
I told you I was going to throw the book at you...
RIP Whitney Houston.
You bet!
Don't try to tell me that... It's mine, so of course I would know
awww, i'm down! i'm pretty open next week. juhhhh lemme kno!
Made my appoint for monday can't wait
Who says Thursday isn't part of the weekend?? Come by #Fridays from 4-7pm for $5 LITs and half-priced #appetizers at the bar!
lmao yeah, I was so #Unwanted, now I get an "I miss you/I love you" text like every other day...wtf is this about lmao
come over then !! Lol
hi lindsey, thanks for following. looking forward to reading your tweets. let us know if you need any branding help. cheers
When people are high-beaming me, I death stare them..then when I pass them and they didn't ever dim their lights, I'm blind and sad.
yup. I was impressed when I saw it was from his 'mobile' device...
we had our second daughter last week, too :)
Who's got time to think that up, much less type it out!?
then no burger.
"If it were a surprise, surely World Peace would have looked to have seen what he hit so hard."
no.. I'm usually not haha
Catch the ball JONES!
He was, of course, an actor. By which I mean waiter.
Oh Cyrus, I knew you were a complete tool!
I wanted to tweet about the beers I was drinking @ the boston beer summit last weekend but I left my phone at home. was my fav
huh crappy artist
You can't say no to an innocent squirrel! :D
Are those balloons? would love it!
Monica was just inducted into the International Thespian Society. Yep, she really is my Drama Queen! :)
I just found out these two were coming. :) :) We are so excited to see you guys!! XO love u!!!!!
Good Morning, great to work on fences...waiting on rain today, may turn out to be a paperwork day! :) Call me for an estimate 512-393-8916
Going to see the hunger gamess.(:
Why not start the weekend on tuesday
It's rainin
Thanks so much will do! =)
RT : Please follow and RT new family owned sandwich shop opening in the #Vegas Arts District
From there the adventures begin, she bring him around the ocean while he brings her on the island
RT : Top 10 Social Media Events that Shook the World: 8. UK Riots, Politicians blamed mobile phone text/instant messaging....
": tebow is ripping it up. Looks like that blind squirrel got LASIK" Or he put double in the offer plate this am?
Still modeling the database. That was just from eyeballing the preliminary data. Luv it when numbers tell a story
I give up!
sitting in traffic on the west side hwy so your tweet is timely to help kill the boredom. when's your next Gotham show?
sweet! what course you taking?
We are so close to the flower district. Surprise your sweetie w/ a bouquet, a bagel & a latte! Stop by the font desk and grab a city map.
Hey gorgeous! It's been a while since we have seen each other. Your hair misses me as I do her.
Movie wit mom, hope it's good.
#kredwishes #Kred great event Public Bikes and Soul Republic for headphones
12 hour shift, killer happy hour, headed home
Still passing notes like back in high school <3
Taking a detour to stop at the on my way home, to pick up some giveaway prizes for our donation drive.
what day?
S\o follow back
Vancouver Canucks vs Anaheim Ducks | Match TV
Laura Bush makes plea for continued accountability
Louis RT Guess who said this: "One of the highlights for me was when I landed the lead role in Grease."
Hilarious seeing Joe & Ed put on a show for the media today at prctice. Yet, the elephant balancing on a giant ball was unnecessary.
What a honor it is to be able to tweet u may the lord continue to bless u n gide u so that u may keepon briginghiswor
going to see #thinklikeaman today!!!!!!!!!! :D i'm too excited
Dartz's PR machine puts some automaker PR shops to shame.
Dazed & Confused is one of the few films that I wish I was a character in. One of the best high school movies ever!
Was proud of walking by CakeLove without going in. Come home to cupcake pictures tweeted by , , AND Karma.
starting a quidditch team at schreiner!!!
I hope Krugman-Paul in 45 min is the Scopes Monkey Trial of the gold standard
Okay Forreal This Time Goodnight<3
I have to admit I'm kind of excited to see how Desperate Housewives will end ... I haven't watched in years.
Eggfast now offers Regional Development opportunities in addition to single and multi-unit offerings....
Can't wait to christmas shop ! For myself !
Merry Christmas Everyone!
I love you for this.
Mel Katz is touted as "chair" of Yes on D campaign. Now we know where he is going to get the $$ for the library. Tax hike!
Why work out if you're walking on the treadmills and chatting the whole time? IDGI.
The bookstore that ate my life: finished processing returns ... for today.
fuck fake friends and bitches i only trust music
to grab a club outfit
A tribute to Mark Johnson! Your support means the world to us!!!
Hello Rockers, i know U have 2b busy, same here. I was wondering if U received my last email? I think I have Big Hit Lyrics
Wed., 4/27 @ 6PM, North Ave. Market: "Art & the Open City", panel hosted by curators of exhibition Baltimore: Open City.
have then reply on here
Bout to go dine out to eat
hey cuzzo. All is good on my end. Ok, let me know. I have a photo gig Sunday & leave for Chicago on Monday. Gotta pack
I read "Card reader died halfway through" and definitely thought yo had a traumatic tarot reading.
Change of perspective...
Don't worry, it only seems kinky the first time.
Don't try your heart out for someone if there not willing to do the same.
Stomachache after eating McDonalds, is how you know it's working.
I think I'm only 3 hours ahead. It's 4:15 here right now ...
RT : . at #TED: We should stand between what we see and we hope for.
I would always read it before I went to bed and be all cuddled in my blankets like, ah asfksjuzf.
The best stage.
Hardly the same thing there 'piraterob'. What are you a slave to besides your ideology?
OH MY I WANT TO JOIN YOUR
RT : Announced last night: final public hearing for Circulator fall service changes will be held @ Anacostia Library on 8/2/11
Had? Did you throw it out for him? RT : Also, a guy in the Bucks pressroom had an XFL logo coffee mug.
Haha... Underwear! (It's what I always called them growing up as a little kid-- Spanish)
Today is the National Day of Prayer. Whether you make it out to an event or not, please take time to pray for America. Romans 13:1-2
Darker blue. Hawk head connects in back. And there is a new patterned stripe on the top that comes to a point in the back.
You guys are awesome. That is all.
Q4: #Germany has many famous castles. What’s your travel fairy tale include?
Helping out at stand at Dupont today. Come by and say hi!
you need to tale care of her?
You like it? If Braun doesn't hit a HR, we aren't going to score. I am thinking they were hoping he didn't accept it
RT : Hello, shoes for #LFW... Lace Up Platform Booties in Brown by fr -...
What question would you ask band Bear in Heaven if you could? Preparing a interview.
I was born in Bangladesh
has arrived and is to help you do just that. Become a fan today and be eligible to win price and more..........
Thou roll it thou smoketh away
So frustrated
“: They say the good die young i guess these grimey niggas live a long time...” real talk
7 months already I still can't believe it's been that long with her it's been the best 7 month ever and loving every min with you I love u!
Don't forget about Food Truck Friday, tomorrow at the Bookmans on Grant Road!
the lowest form of tweeting.
Okay did you over do it and now your totally exhausted from the weekend? But it was exciting - Get some sleep - Later!
okay, you two would so dig each other. once i get off my writing binge we need to grab dinner..:)
what do u mean he hasnt been with another guy? u wnt him to be a virgin?
FOLLOW ME PLEASE?!:)
Drinking my cereal bc im to lazy to go get a spoon. I win(: haha
cuz I'm happy
just fyi that Highlander Grog at Cup O Joe is amazing! I'm glad I ordered.
“: you were eating alone?" Sure was. But the only awkward part was the baby-making music they were playing.
pizza because there's no food, cookies because we feel like it, and i can't stop clicking this wireless mouse.
Just found out some shitt. Aight since we laying cards out.. Let's go Im holding. Some shitttt right here.. Men lie women the Numbers Don't
unless you're me. Such is the force of my will.
For some problems, the only solution is "Rudie Can't Fail." #whatwouldJoeStrummerdo?
there is nothing i do better than revenge. (;
Just munched a 'Yellow Egg' road goodie worth 3 points!
RT : at 18-20 have a better record than #Diamonbacks #Rockies #Angels #WhiteSox #Brewers and the same as #RedSox ...
I'll take over!! How much?
Miami wins w/o great game from Wade. Again make more free throws and you will win 70 plus percent of those games.
Who wants a copy of my Wiz Khalifa - Black and Yellow parody?
It's ongoing work. Reach out to and he and Rick can fill you in.
plus I never seen u with kicks on anyway.
Hippocrates said “Our food should be our medicine and our medicine should be our food.”
Thank you for encouraging our young techs to do something different in life! If you need help setting up the website, let us know!
a special good night for u
hate how he tells me about his day but never asks about mine..
Defendants, lawyers reading transcript of jury instructions. Jury begins third day of deliberations.
is actually being productive for once! Let's see how long I can keep the momentum going...
Since many transactions occur online these days, set your company apart by how you interact w/ customers who are actually in front of you!
I think it's spam.
COME OUT TONIGHT!
yo Bitch ass flaked on us xD
I WANNA SPILL INFO I KNEW THIS WASNT MY SUBJECT BUT IM STARTING NOT TO GIVE A FUCK I TOLD U PEACEFUL PROJECT
I've been playing w/ the beta of a tablet app that controls our Blu-ray players. It's pretty neat how technology works together.
#UWSocial is a house of brands working toward a branded house.
I reaaallly need more followers :P
Thanks much! Can't entirely tell which bison will be protected and which eaten?
yeah, in all of your free time, right? :P
If I didn't make the sensor melt can I get a copy of the best mug shot of me? I keep looking for a new profile pic.
Ugh almost 200 a month for cable and this shit is best they can do
BOILLIN POT IS ALREADY ON TWITTER.
Aw, thanks. Those all seem very geeky to me..& I didn't even mention my dictionary obsession. :-)
#ImReallyGoodAt being lazy
Want to talk to ya about golfing in Bo Jackson's Celeb charity golf tourn in Chicago. My email is .
Your welcome
ok thanks:)
Saw Pat Kane at the cemetery this morning
Some Democrats were rated lower but no Republicans were
damn it damn it.!
Josh Hutcherson Is Our Sexy King
I decided there's people who need the #MegaMillions jackpot more than myself.. Ya know, just wanted to serve my community! You're welcome.
People twersonalities are cooler than them in real life 😂
Look out for new shows and our EP coming out in just a few weeks! www.myspace.com/historyrepeatsband
I've got to make an appearance @ a retirement party, but then I'm in
you live in a place that has servant's quarters?
how stable is Tippett's contract status, hearing rumors of him to WAS to replace Hunter.
haha I haven't played it that much to find out mine :/ I better be one of the two at Least.
Bored and nothing to do.:(
This nigga just said we almost broke up lmao
for you "I'm single not because I don't pray for love. I'm single because I don't play around with love" <3 you!
i do. Don't say that
Bin Laden said Biden would be out of his league as President. Wow. Al Queda views Biden as a weakness of America. Know what? He's RIGHT.
twitter=connections to the world
they said what you said was rude and that bullying doesn't just happen in middle school. It's not necessarily shit talking
#FangirlingOverBill CAN I HUG THEM!!?
thanks for the mention, Laurie
": hell naw :-) can I put this on my kolumn" you don't have to ask...please put it on there!!!
Thanks, playing with my own toy #SeeSaw :)
Stay safe out there tonight
45 is good .... but it is NOT 47
#ThingsThatGetMeUpset when someone grinds my gears
I think someone is getting into my account and messaging other people...It is not I who is doing it.
Wow, so you studied with the founders of the CART algorithm! That is very cool.
"rumor has it" just left.
at my school it is..we do nothing all day!
yeah!! #19days - #countDownToMrs !! XO miss you - thinking of you sis!
Ok..will mark my calendar. Thx
you too
Tried to click on the link, but it didn't work.
Thank you for the follow. If you know of a publisher, let me know. Nancy
how long does a person stay on follow limit? i want to follow directioners back but i cant!!:(
That outfit is not Grizz complete without the yellow shoes though
how about in England?
...close win over clemson huh.....lmao...guess tajh shudnt have said our defense is average...they wore him out all night
Hey everyone, check out great toys at great prices by visiting www.todaysfavoritetoys.com
You love me for who i am, like the stars hold the moon. <3 HateLies<3Trust
What Up
From today I'm an owner of Royal Entertainment, world!))
of was so tempted...
if I ask you nicely (like my sister did for your pik last night) will you follow me please? :D
2 chainz ft Drake - No Lie >>>>
Omg what a night
I'm still waiting for the great #superbowl commercials....
I got your drinks all night if you go to the bar.
Reminder: Early-bird discount for the May 8 #sentiment symposium ends today!
hmm. I heard one team is only using one van to transport the entire team <- that's crazy talk.
Skene! records - I used to hound the crap out of that label.
Two of the first cities to hit 80° today: Fairmont and Rochester!
I was trained to be an actor, not a star. I was trained to play roles, not to deal with fame and agents and lawyers and the press
Vegas is great! You should really enjoy it! Everyone who's come up has that I know :)
Follow me I love fitness; I am the princess of swim & gym!!
RT : Need dinner plans tonight? Make your reservations with !
They say your freedom isnt worth any amount of money -___-
And the oakleys go on......
is 6'3 an awesome designer and dating Mick Jagger. She is #TeamTallGirls and another reason why #TallGirlsRock! Stand Tall :)
I suppose saying "keep running your mouth I'm gonna stick somethin in it" isn't appropriate to say to a child, EVEN if you mean a lollipop
Same! Gotta support my boo
Not at my birthday party???
Rally cap on watching the ! Let's go Oakland!!!
This was Skype. I think you added the lavendergirl68 one as well.
'We're being slaughtered': Syrians tell observers - World news ...
Don't forget to check out Friday Troupe's FREE Improv show "Menos Uno" at Elise's Tea Room tomorrow 7:30pm!
Writer's block
Just finished participating in a conference call with President Obama. I'm honored to be a part of one of his latest initiatives.
TY! RT A big cheers to our new followers!
you summer time fine
Just landed in CA. Time to go home!
I started lying about my age this year to people I don 't like. I'm not sure why.
I ride for my nigga dawg ♬
Thanks for following me!! :)
Smfh parents move when they want too!
Mac'n'cheese with #bacon in the oven right now.
I got My Week With Marilyn Today
Video #2 that's a wrap!!! We did it again....I hope and many others including
he is on a twitter rampage!
and why do you love me already?and ok!!!
I don't want to go to school tomorrow. Holy shit.
We had a Code Cody (lock down) today in school. It got really stinky in the closet so I offered everyone gum.
Well that don't sound like it hurts at all... O_o
You're welcome hun. Have a lovely Weekend! : ) XOXOXO
Who wants to party after graduation?
so gosh dang pumped
The #Warriors have scored 62 of their 91 points in the paint!
CTFU  ! she was like are u all ottah your fucking minds and the tire smashed ha into pieces ... don't mean to laugh but that was funny
Yes! Would love to...will get back to you. hope all went well yesterday!
I love you.Im not going anywhere 💗💋
Baltimore bound
I cant sleep
Much appreciated homie!
Thanks everyone who attended my #fitcto talk this morning. You guys were great!
Love the new name! If you say it real fast it sounds like "fluency"... killer branding.
feels so weird not going out tonight
Once again, Happy birthday Janet Jackson.
lol who rapped the doughnut song Rick Ross
Can someone send me a little inspiration, please?
good luck tomorrow at state, boys! you're all gonna do great! :D
Just did week 2, day 3 of !
Thank you!
Do you think you do research everyday? On what topics? Work or personal?
It's raining here! Haha Does feel good to be back though :) : RT : Good morning, New York!
My mom and Boyfriend are more alike then they may think
Once again, rude to those with disabilities, and not ADA accommodating. Will be flying other airlines from now on.
HOUSTON: THE GHOST INSIDE w/ First Blood, A Loss For Words, Deez Nuts, Hundredth, Myth & Legend, Floating Man TONIGHT @ ShadowPlay Lounge!
Love Pinterest, but it may just be the Chick Flick of social media...takes that special guy to really get into it.
Saw the Stahl/Chemosphere houses. Next, Eames/Gamble. Then, the Jetson house for packing & wishing I was moving into one of the former.
Thankful to see another day!
#11nb Fleet/Albemarle, I think 8:35 arrived at 8:23. Could be previous bus late though, not sure just FYI to riders
we recorded the presentation, it will be posted online after Gotham JS.
I have been watching all morning and 1 day I'm making the drive down to Elevation Church.Who is coming with me?
hahaha of course! The finale was just a disappointment it doesn't excite me for next season
Single parent households are substantially more likely to have incomes below the poverty line
hey! Good to see you on twitter, my liege.
I've heard too many good things about that book to think that'll be necessary. Nice visual though.
why the hell i keep having all these dreams about kids & me getting ppl pregnant?
love you moree boo, thank you! <3
Show love to my ppls
Bitches be friendly!
The keynote has a HUGE line and is being simulcast in a bunch of rooms that are virtually empty and much more conformable.
2 cups of coffee + 2 donuts = daily calorie allotment before 9:30 am.
RT into mid Dec. and my doors and windows are open, car top down, and loving it. This is why
im really not looking forward to this race tomorrow
Dont limit yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they think they can do.
Yes! RT Spo on :He made MVP plays on both sides of the court, particularly in the 4 quarter when we needed some relief.
That is hilarious. Can't wait for Sunday night!
Well, I do ONE kind of stuffing that's kind of animalistic. ;)
I know right... I guess this is a last resort for resurrection
Drinking Irish whiskey with my future father in law!! Love this guy!!
THE TRIANGLE!!!!! RT: i challenge you to find an instrument no one has filmed a super mario brothers theme on
": AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!" What did do this time?
I didn't get to get that cornbread from Carolina's Kitchen. 😔
chillin my dude
People keep saying I've 'changed' not really I just met new people
mwah! miss your pretty face :)
There's no reason we can't do this again in June! We only need 45,000 #Orioles fans!
Ellen and I are going to the Monsterball tonight. Who else is?.
NAIA rooms are going fast!! Book now while there is still availability!!
Coming up: Your local news headlines with Terri D!
same here
where is work? let me know how much a tranny is.
Damn, I can use one more day off!!
you write about saving money and you play the lottery? hm
another wonderful day state side! Loved Roma, but I love the home-a more!
We the real niggas from the Southside of the Chi (Chicago) Fux wit cha my nigga! And the whole Brick Squad, So Icey, movement
Thanks for following, Stan. Honored!
Paul Obame: Whenever you communicate, and tell people what you want them to do, always tell them why it's good for them.
Ah!!! So that's why Lin is the way she is towards Tenzin!!!
sometimes its my butcher, sometimes its my cousin Fat Vanessa, sometimes its one eyed Pete, or even Disaster Greg
with deep pockets!!!
Checkin on attending Agenda in September. Looks like the coolest show. Plus its another reason to head down to SoCal,my old home, 4 summer.
i need a co-owner but i can't
I'm sorry I didn't make it over. Did Justin Thomas sit in on vibes?
ALERT! Today we will be closed from 2-5pm for a private event. Good thing we reopen just in time for happy hour! :::clink!:::
great review of can't wait to take it in.
Some just aint right about nina??????
you will.
Visited today. The epitome of elegance.
The burgers at the snack shop on Surf side beach are amazing!
So awesome! I'm sure she loved having you there!
Dworkin: instead of music as organized sound, music may be defined as is organized listening.
Guy with a gun reported on campus. The place is on lockdown. Doesn't sound like shots have been fired.
Finding out that ur best friend has a twitter when u haven't seen her in a year :')
This show is coming up fast! will be performing at The Polish Club on Sunday! Tickets are only $8!
Resounding "NO" vote on 's pension proposition at tonight's Central Committee meeting
From now on, I will be rating TV characters I hate as a percentage of Joffrey. Theon Grayjoy is still only .25 Joffreys.
well, there can't be THAT many Adeshina's here
what on Earth is draw something? :)
What is it?
I really really miss lacrosse
Save old grocery lists & recycle old meal plans.
I hope they get there
morning! Seems like ages... :-)
We are @ the Jet To Jetty 5k on Dockweiler Beach in Playa Del Rey! Come see us!!!
Thanks to everyone who came out for last night! It was a blast!
your 9am is in reception
That's awesome. I hope that something works out for you soon.
#FrankBruno is the sweetest man ever!
I Don't Wanna Miss A Thing the sweetes dream will never do i'd still miss you babe and i don't wanna miss a thing.~ ♥
Montel Williams could play your older brother
LOL! RT : LinkedIn should have a "You have GOT to be kidding" option in addition to accept/ignore. Just a thought.
haven't seen one wearing channel or gucci. Lol
Actually me too. It was prob the raw emotion RT Rodman's Hall of Fame Speech almost brought a tear to my eye!
Studies have indicated that the consumption of coffee lowers the risk of certain diseases but might have negative effects as well.
Your Welcome && Follow Me Plsz(:
Billy Crystal makes me feel like I felt when Bob Hope dressed up like The Fonz or Luke Skywalker.
I try my best to connect with those in Miami. Not only do I do Real Estate Law, but try to be active within our community.
Thanks for the repost for
In seat,from left-right,3. Seats are almost filled up
I sure am Buttercup !
Every time the Steelers lose, an angel gets its wings.
letting everyone know I'm SINGING at The Allerton Hotel Wed & Sat nites at *7pm*! Thursday, Wonder Bar 8pm. This Sat at 5pm, The Jazz Fest
Reached level 10 Writing Skill in The Sims 3 for PlayStation®3
The more I learn abt the more I'm amazed by their spirit& more I pray 4 them!
One day we will say to the young, "I remember when Pluto was a planet, back when floppy disk & encyclopedias were still used!"
I have a stupid ass amount of work to doo
ill be there at 7am. Pancakes and movie in bed? I think so.
7lbs one week, off to a good start! Now to keep at it..
Extra long workout as a result of dropping my keys on the trail and getting to backtrack to find them.
Good morning sunshine!
Always strive to do better.
OMG Thank you, Diva! Are you blogging it?
If any of you received a spam email from me, my email was hacked. I have now updated it. I apologize.
Can i get 100 followers by tomorrow?! O.o i'm going to try and make my who says video this week!
I'm tripping off the young boys that I was balling with today. When someone made a good play, they would scream "SWAG".....
It's 11pm, I'm at the lab writing for , but also here are the lab manager's kids.
iM Gunna Ask Again.... Can Someone Change Mhy Username For Me ? Mhy Laptop Fucking Up -.-
hahaha good! Good cause if not! We gonna function on Saturday? Or why
thamx for the follow
How can we best inform younger voters about the long-term stakes of November's elections?
Absolutely! Thank you for sharing this.
Hey, no. Don't. You can just meet them the next tour. While I never do lol.
Countdown to the opening of "Can You Walk Away?" is 1 day! Did you know domestic pimps target girls as young as 12?
Not another bad black movie....Think Like A Man
so im convinced this thing in my nose is a tumor
Colbie Caillat & John Mayer radio on pandora, warm bed, cold room = sleepy Maddie (:
Just read 4Chapters of CRASH INTO YOU by -totally impressed! Going2 pick up kids @ school, then back2 reading.May cancel dinner.
So true! RT #FF the entire #DriveInMob and #TCMParty crews. Click on the hashtags and start following. You won't be sorry.
JUST CAUSE U GOT A MIXTAPE WITH 20 SONG ON IT DONT MEAN SHIT IF AT LEAST 8 SHOULD BE A HIT
There is no spoon.
This is the most productive day for me for a while!
I don't care who you are, where you're from what you did as long as you love me.:)
Choppin it up wit real ass peoples
Well that sucked bad. Worst case scenario happened. Almost passed out. Dont know why. Deal with blood at work all the time
My twitter has meaning again now that Love is back!!!
Dont make a decision based solely on popularity, just because other people are doing it doesnt mean its the best choice.
If ur home isn't fun while ur kids are growing up, don't be surprised if they don't come back often when they're grown. Love your kids now!
#yougetpointsif you came to #brainnet today! Great meeting on How To Create Compelling Video with Mark Wonderlin...shoulda been there!
Am I the only one who freaks out when I hear rumours that Cody Simpson has a girlfriend?
"My ego is too big to be offended." - A Very Wise Man
much appreciated. Hope all is well in the Music City.
Friedman: always think entrepreneurial, be proud of your work, think with optimistic paranoia, act as if you are in beta
Understand how b-to-b social media connect to your audience
Joe Biden doing twitter interview tomorrow. Sounds risky. Is this where he sticks foot in mouth so bad that Hillary gets the VP nod?
#Gratitude: fresh haircut, veggie pizza, looney friends, out for drinks, memories of being young and foolish, being older and more centered.
RT : “: That Morning 💩 is Crucial” real shit
oh no! anything I can do to help?
Whew! I'm glad to hea---z
read "enabled to death" regarding Ana Nicole Smith & it's the 1st time I'm able to appreciate what's really wrong w/ enabling behavior
Hard to stick to your diet when the donuts are calling your name.
I wonder if #OliveGarden has any specials for dinner tonight.
Many musical thanks for following to , , , and
i got u fam
ice and snow in farm world in Texas..twice this year..unheard of...but a chance to just be quiet and be still. simply beautiful...
I would love for you to keep hip hop and hope for black women alive..seems like that's not the direction you're aiming tho....
Haven't tweeted once today oh my days
hi friend who you think cowboys are gonna draft tomorrow
PLEASE FOLLOW BACK!!! I LOVE JUSTIN! <3
Flipping between NBA All-Star and Oscar Red Carpet! Too much on TV!
Respectfully disagree, Marvin Gaye's rendition at NBA all star game was the best of all time. But Whitney is in the top 3. RIP WH!
uo gets 2 first downs, then is forced to punt. buckeyes back at it
YES!!! I wouldn't mess with you like that.
Ok, these peeps r off their rocker..a 6 yrold is suspended fr school 4 singin LMAFO I'm Sexy & I Know It...they said it's sexual harassment?
Wondering where to watch the fight?
It doesn't make any sense and yet it makes all the sense in the world.
Rainy Monday. Waiting for my car to be serviced. Thank goodness for portable and entertaining technologies.
follow me my man
Team Jacob or Team Edward??
Congrats on DWTS, it just sucks that I'm going to have to watch it now.
Mm eating slushies and eating Goldfish watching scary movies!
no sir...? Elaborate?
I'm curious about these "baby people." Who are they?
I mean at least we didn't lose to the 8th seed... all I'm saying
uh no
i go to your school if you dont know me im the tall 7th grader :)
Listening to Riders In The Sky play at the Oregon Zoo on a nice warm night. Great night for it
Besides yourself...who is still around from the shootist...I can't believe its been 35 years.
At this point, with most returns in, Barrett's margin over Falk is wider in Dane County than it is statewide.
hey!!! Angel?? I miss you too :*( and everyone...
Merry Christmas from all (both) of us at Fuzz Martin Media, and may you have a phenomenal 2012!
congrats on the new place! Looks like a great neighborhood via
I'll see what I can do!
The dog's life a la Nietzsche: wherever I go, I am inevitably followed by a dog named "Ego".
Jamming with Eric tonight in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
I haven't talked to you in a good six months are you have the audacity to say that to me? Who do you think you are?
Went to a "Black Thai" event last night. I was the only guy in a FUBU kimono.
So according to my DM spams, seems like everyone is talking about me.
yes, let's do that.
mite as well get out the brooms, ugh.
hahahah love your most recent tweet :-)
Thanks for the follow everyone!
Justin performing boyfriend.ohJustin.baby.please go back to your older music.or a lil more you.i know he was nervous.I STILLFUCKIN LOVE HIM
McDonald's then Disney world !
Finally Schwarzenegger did something I agree with: signing the bill to save the seals! Let the poor little guys stay on their LJ beach!
Nostalgic for your funny, sarcastic ass. Think of you oftn as one w/whom I'd always like to reconnect. Amzng poet. I smile.
oh no!
#FollowFriday bomb coming. You've been warned.
"acting" like a manager? RT : Clint Hurdle “: Which player has delivered Sunday's top performance so far? #MLBFC”
Today is going to be a stressful yet great day oan: World Civ II exam at 8am.
I just installed the new UberSocial for Android
Rohan Marley is engaged. Damn Lauryn, I wonder if you regret messing with his arse. Now can we get "The MisEducation of Lauryn Hill" PT II?
Sunburn Myths Stripped Bare: Your favorite foundation has an SPF. So you can skip the sun sunblock, right? Wrong....
Do you have a pair of contacts you can give him??
#FUTP60 RT Discovery school was such a blast!!! Thanks everyone for having me! Get active and drink your milk!!
Doors will be open momentarily. Get yourself in line.
ok just wondered. he gets the idk thing going but told him cant sit on fence 4ever with any decisions. lol
hey follow back;)
#WhenAustin tweets with a wink face ;)
Thanks, Anne. Our clients make us look great, and we hope to do the same for them. So, it seems only fitting ...
is it ok for couple to pick out the ring 2gather Does it spoil the surprise or reduces the hassle. Http://diamondstosilver.com
I had yours but I wasn't worried about the finger shot lol and you don't need that anymore anyways the way you was all drunk lol
All this time is quite nice! I have actually read the news this morning! From something other than one news source!
Today is a gift! Treat it like one
#EastChicago drivers do not give a fuck about stop signs
#FACT twitter would be more fun if people tweeted to be themselves and not to impress other people
#AskSpurlock can I plz see a black hero in a movie that's not a drunk
like I said before only way the Heat lost this year is self inflicted. No team can handle them 4 out of 7
Thanks for the RT! Hope you are having a great week.
Ah fuck you rain -.- waiting for bus~
ok boo:) you have the digits right?
"Lemonfarming" - how to look at failure on route to making lemonade. Brilliant
2012 film watching! #11. Phantom Of The Paradise (De Palma, 1974). Such a fun film! Cant believe i had put off watching this until now!!
Awwwwyeah my mom bought me a chunky monkey ;D
Spring break 2012 has involved a lot more beer bongs than I anticipated
Makin money up in this Monopoly Junior
Thanks for the retweet, sweetie. Hope to see you soon.
What inspires you when it comes to healthy living?
SO HAPPY GOT AN A ON MY ESSAY! Raining A's today!
Don't worry. BC Football is on track for success this year.
my fault homie, i gotcha invite next time k lol
Assuming we can find some containers to store and sell out of, we're definitely going to have iced coffee and tea this weekend.
- Someone from our office complex stopped by & asked "Can you twitter those taco ppl and ask them to come back?"
Next stop? Chicago! Z
LOVE YOU!
Lady Gaga said iconic :o
I absolutely LOVE your products! Some of the BEST I've ever used in skincare :)
someone needs to tell this kid on my block that if he wants to play pretend dubstep dj, 9am is not a good time to do it
Yep. Ridiculous.
Find out how you can win a trip for two to the WPT Celebrity VIP Invitational tournament! www.utinyrl.com/wpt
"Edge of Glory" Lady GaGa -
Wish I could go! Alas.
no, didn't post it here. glad you enjoyed it.
Hey , I really enjoyed our chat about mobile payments, deals, etc. last night. Look forward to hanging out again!
Please take a look at the tweets I posted to concerning MicroCell and Uverse.
Clippers or grizzlies, who ya got?
#NP Find A Place!!! Lol I'm really tryna sing like him ☺☺
Going for a workout and meeting up with some friends...Mr. Samuel it was nice seeing you and enjoying a great evening! See ya again soon!
Signs you work too much? You go for a run and are so happy to be outside you gave to suppress the urge to roll in the grass like a dog.
Tony Gwynn 97.6% for HOF vote. Another example of a guy that should have had 100%
something tells me this was not something Mr. Churchill said.
Where is ?
yea kimmel usually does well in situations like that...funny but not too offensive or crazy
I dunno I'll have to check! ☺♥
alone alone alone.. word ta kat williams lol
Don't advertise that, you're going to flood the applicant field now!
"It's nice to finally put a face with the reputation." - to
Shop with Healthy Hair by Racheal products.www.iamhealthyhairbyracheal.comNeed beautiful silky soft hair
& I are off for another whirlwind weekend of weddings in Key West. Hope to see some of you! xoxo
#welcome back my tl missed you lol
Girls say I'm romantic and have a way of sweet talking I didn't notice I just talk
fave documentary ever ... "bill cunningham new york" ... a MUST SEE!
Of course parros won that
a few of us r already here come say hi
as they say in Japanese アンニのおかげで...thanks to Anne (^_−)−☆ (don't ask me to translate japanese emoticons. I just guess)
#tweepswithtalent hi Jason! Good to know u!Kimba, what's that saying? O yeah,"takes one to know.."
has just been dubbed the official the #tagnazi of the congrats, good sir!
PickUpLine: Do you like short love affairs? I hate them. I've got all weekend.
Hey Stephen I know looks can be deceiving but I know I saw a light in you <33
already did lol it's getting cold up in here, up in here :)
all i asked for was orange juice to make me feel better and now my dad keeps saying that its not gonna help my sore throat i wanted it tho
Love that one too :)
He disrespected the whole state of California by saying he gonna get niggas to rape fab
Wow my dads been gone for 17 days and i cancel my plans for him, and what do i come home to him and my stepmom practically having sex
#mostannoyingthingever having to listen to trying to dislodge a popcorn kernel out of his throat
Bye bye hokies, Seminoles are coming to town!
WOAH. 's coming to Chicago this summer?!
I think he's sad he doesn't have utensils to eat his food with
Good morning how is everyone today
Round of applause to the 13 million people who stood up - #PIPA and #SOPA are tabled 4 now.
We're going #CommercialFree in 5 min - Plus, has 3-Day passes to !
When he told me i was his everything. I believed him.:/
thanks a lot dude!!!
i feel so sick omfg
#keepyourpantson I hate it when my cousin has to say enough.
Mike Pelfrey became the #Mets' pitcher to start on opening day without having won a Cy Young Award since Al Leiter in 2002.
Thanks for the line up. Infineta will be showcasing their tech at EMC World. Any interest and/or opening to talk WAN Optimization?
Triglav is FREEZING! I didnt even want to get outta my car... and I love winter!
I calls it likes I sees it...!
Bryce Harper is one of Larry's 8 bastards.
Virginia Woolf~ If you do not tell the truth about yourself you cannot tell it about other people.
Yes... put your phone down and get to it! Be safe, Chris!
just go in to the restroom!!!!!!!!
I like the smell of rain.
Dear sleep, I know we had our problems when I was young... but I love you now.
My friend was trying to go through a doggie door and she got stuck and her aunts dog came behind her and started biting her butt.
with sincerity "new semester, new me"
I missed having a phone and the internets
#Tellme If you want to meet B2ST!! ;) OF COURSE!! i really wanted 100%
why do people call you that?
Can't wait to meet tomorrow! It's not every day that you get expert advice from a role model :)
shambles shambles shambles.
The is on in 10 minutes. Tonight we feature tomorrow's news. It's amazing. I can't tell you how we do it.
Happy Valentine's Day !
it wouldn't be fair for me to enter! LOL RT Are you gonna enter the contest?
RT : word on the street is that you're single, so baby have you heard my single?
That reminds me... i need to buy my tickets!
yeah..if he a true Burger Boy!
#FF #sales #training #leaders helping others drive results
#AllianceSummer Lively disc at Council on shared ILS; general enthusiasm but concern re: 'irreversible decision', hidden costs, staff fears.
Earned three regional Emmy nominations. One for WCCO's morning show, another for Finding MN reports, one more for story on old White Castle.
Yay! “: I'm taking the advice of and following back many of those who follow me. I just didn't take the time.”
I can scarcely wait till tomorrow when a new life begins for me as it does each day, as it does each day. -Stanley Kunitz
good morning, have a good day (:
That really made me feel good. Thank you Sarah! Akdhagah you're adored by so many!
me! i love your music. i just love everything to do with music. its one of my passions. i also play guitar (badly) and piano
#HAHAHA RT : This is not a joke: Just heared a rumor that Sandy Sheedy is "exploring the idea" of running for mayor…(to be cont)
The guy was obviously trolling and won. If you take any of Punks responses seriously, maybe u should stay off the Internets.
Happy New Year all- may 2012 be your best year yet!
OH: "It's beautiful! And if you want to go to the big city, Ocala is just 20 minutes up the highway!" (Ocala, FL population: 54,000)
Pondering: Your inner being knows what to do. Trust your instincts. via
Retiring OSUMB director Jon Woods just learned he will dot the "i" at halftime today.
He makes me sick man!
aye im holdin down for da band in cali mane, Sneedie wonder!
I dont know nun about no sports but ppl sure love Kobe
Maybe he wants to be. Is this you?
We've been kinda under the radar recently, but don't worry! New EVERYTHING coming soon! Just knocked out a killer bass track! Stay tuned!
I drink to o fast ...
Just watched the lotr trilogy on the bus to Nola and not even there yet.
You want him to follow you, don't you?
Aw girlfriend by nicki minaj came on :')
Exam time! Examine away my little students!
Man I'm loving the Kindle...and also loving the ability to talk to authors..
#fridayreads Finished Star Island by Hiaasen this am, reading Stiltsville by Daniel - Florida seems to be my theme this week!
Life is a game of dice, and we're rolled in without a choice. Whatever outcome comes, just accept it and rejoice.
Whoever is calling from a restricted number: Grow up. Prank calling is one thing but you took it way, way too far.
nigga !! if you don't get out ima beat your ass!!! lol jk jk xD but seriously get out so we can take some pics hahahahahahah
and there are better ways to have fun with this. Like let you have the plate, but require a dollar go to Tiger conservation...
"Give me some" is all I hear. Only if I was petty I'll leave ya for dead but it's the God in me that holds me down.
The neighbor boys are playing basketball. The girls are flirting by singing. The girls are not getting the desired results. Dogs are hiding.
folks can't have an opinion anymore i guess...
Cannot stand that godaddy.com commercial. "We hired her because women are sexual objects!" Your daughters will see this. Be ashamed.
For #focsake, I'm just here makin' a game. Stop annoying me with #dealsspam, #nekkidpix and #malware tweets...
hey where my buddy at?
And at the end of the day you're still the one on my mind..
Right on & will do. Let us know if we can help too.
I would love to know when the Biom drops here stateside. Delofted would love to do a review!
Caught part of the set! great to see music in there!!
< loving life
looks fake
There are librarians at the reference desk who can help you with any areas of your research. Good luck!
Atlanta, GA- need female for Rock video. No nudity. Pay is 100 dollars. (Casting Code B3)
hahahahaha that's me
I hate when my eyebrows dry all crooked
YOU DID?! CONGRATS.
Just visited your blog, very nice! Sure I'd love to chat with you as well. What's your schedule?
leave her alone. U have nothing better to do besides bully a girl whos 100%PERFECT? I guess so.
.: Do you know some of the goodies you're bringing to ?
RT : #epatcon the reason they want you to fit in ... Is so that they can ignore you.
straight mans expectations. lets be real.
come wind down at the Joy Ride.
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you're singing your heart out in the car with the windows down and a car full of people pull up next you...
Thanks for the shout-out! We did a rebranding and are now :)
babe dont delete yours!
Lol, yeah. I love Talking Heads, David Byrne and Brian Eno stuff
thank you!
Got a detention for stuttering
A professor is like an awful comedian. The crowdwork is terrible, people fall asleep, and all the materials been done before.
Had 80s flashback dream (didn't want it to end)! Had windows open overnight (IN MARCH!!). How bizarre is this weather? Another hot day ahead
Thanks! Nice to meet you!
Still have mid major caliber PG available at a JC. Will graduate and is an immediate impact kid. Dm me
Mobile Security and Application Ecosystems in Flux...
what chu mean by a cancer man will go down
if you follow me back and promise to read all my tweets ill refollow you. ^^
NO! You get completely different gifts. For the love of god, woman, this is your shot to drain your loved ones dry. Take it.
the last episode of EHM was good, but its a degraded version of its first season already...
I'm in the mood to go out for lunch. Who's in/near Bellevue and up for a quick jaunt and random conversation?
is self deportation an option? The only one that actually says anything worth paying attention to is Ron Paul.
Check out our newest project, "Rise Above" for The Red Tail Project. Added to our "Restorers" shoots, it's going to be a busy summer!
3/31 THIS IS EVERYTHING, Floral Terrace, The Air I Breathe @ Frankies. All ages. Come hang out.
Oh ya know, just eatin' some animal crackers.
I know that's right just look at it like u will be done soon u can do it
shopping problems
These burgers making a nigga hungry as fawk!!!! I'm gonna fuck this pie up when I get home
My biggest worry about the super moon is all those super werewolves.
#MonsterEnergy and #Nutella on a giant pretzel. Breakfast of champs
Four Brown Pelicans over the bay off the Embarcadero is an odd sight for mid-January, are these four late to migrate or sitting it out?
For anyone creating graphics or products for kids, our new "Kids' Inspiration: Picture Books & Illustrations" report is awesome!
How many times do you say "like" in a day? :O
why thank you :-)
October daye series? Or how about some Gail Carriger? Or some George Mann?
Up next: #UNM Law school dean Kevin Washburn on Indian sovereignty and other important #Native issues in
true that RT Making a magazine may be anachronistic but it's really fun
Yall remember when the clipoers came back and won game 1. Well if the lakers come back and win this game 1 then it gon hurt a lot of ppl.
Come meet CSP at the Long Beach Grand Prix this weekend for great conversation and amazing weather!
thanks so much! thats so nice! :) hope u had fun and see u next time!
Birds be singin'...flowers be bloomin'...
Hyperventilating is awesome.
... Your linescore for the #Cubs v. #Reds matchup today is wrong. The Cubs scored in the first.
Pluralitas non ponenda est sine necessitate
Wait.. Gee's trending?
Men have two emotions: Hungry and Horny. If you see him without an erection, make him a sandwich.
PHUCK YOU !!! STOP TWATTING AT YOURSELF
Ugggghh I wish i could retweet 's tweets! Damn it! )':<
Uh why did I wait till now to wash clothes!
Making my Kentucky Derby pick this morning. Have shown an uncanny knack in years past. My heart (liver) goes to "I'll Have Another" but...
Sounds yummy. CCF (Cheese Cake Factory) was okay. The main course filled me up so no cheese cake
u heard me i cant go to wresteling shows basketball games and football games until i go to beauty pagents YUCK!!
No cavities?! Are you sure dentist? I'm going to celebrate with a pack of smokes and some coffee.
Phone=no battery. Me:"NO YOU WILL STAY ALIVE UNTIL I WANT YOU TO DIE."
Thanks! We like you! RT like it:)
Happy mother's day to (she's on twitter and therefore better than your mom)
It's #LEAPDAY. Hope everyone is wearing yellow and blue!
Why thanks, sir! Years of practice and a degree lol.
Don't mean to be an ingrate. I love the warmer temps, but don't feel ready to trade in tights and boots for bare legs.
=( The concert is a month away, I have to get 25$ to go.. oh and the ride to get there and back. not looking so bright=(
“: Cure your cinco de mayo hang over with bottomless brunch! $26.95 AYCD with an entree!”
I got you my nig. Need drops asap
...is working on the next big thing - revolutionary pricing, #hadoop integration, fastest #analytics platform in the world... what's next?
How is that rebuild coming? 4 hours now of being down
I can't wait to go home and sleep. Only 2 hours left!! I miss my bed
I'm volunteering to give out presents to kids who are from families who are less fortunate and we're cooking them meals on X-mas
What is the official purpose of the universe?
Keith Urban has a sexy voice !
OH that's a tough one. RT : And if you're training customers? Get smarter ones?
i wake up on the sea
I always thought tweeted in Kelvin.
Re-reading Daughters of Caliban: Caribbean Women in the Twentieth Century Ed. Consuelo Lopez Springfield
"the only thing I ever did well was outlaw.."
I was so pumped bout eventual Heat/Bulls final. Now the #NBA playoffs have lost their luster cuz of one injury.
welcome hey u should inbox me ;)
I'm about to smash myself against a wall. ITS MY OPINION. Do I look like a priest that has the power to marry Kendall + Malese? No.
Why is Brett Cecil pitching in AA ball now?
That's flipping' sweet. (See what I did there?)
Thank you, dear :) That was just what I needed. Assurance.
GOP passes bill forcing women to have their vaginas probed -- or as Newt Gingrich calls it, "Dinner and a movie."
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!! :)
RT : See can't take no were....they show out every time! And I love it!!
Greatest thing about living Uptown. Marigny and Bywater haters gonna hate, but we have the best trees.
aww thanks same to you ;)
not long now =) <3 yummy
You are most welcome.
Dear car companies...i am glad you are doing well, but there are not really incentives for the average intelligent consumer to buy right now
pimp stroll on em'
TURN BACK! TURN BACK!
Girls cheat if theres something wrong with the relationship; guys cheat if theres an opportunity...
right? that movie is amazing
not the part where you aren't punished for playing :)
Haven't come out with that first list yet, but I think he'll be around 3rd or 4th.
I either want some Wawa coffee or some cold starbucks...vanilla!!! ☕
no I don't. I've been busy with studying b/c I had to review everything from last year.
that is really funny. #realchangenot smokeandbombs
Its my dads "lil how" birthday, so I'm trying to be nice and tell her Happy Birthday, but the Bitch won't answer!
MikeyWild Dubplates and Shoutouts available at anytime! Blessings to all!
Have an EXCELLENT weekend!
I have little to do for the next hour before work, so I'm going observe things and tweet obnoxiously.
It's not right dude.
impact factor GET! eigenwhatshisname just co-authored 457 articles with me
Eating this brownie for breakfast makes me feel like my wayward life is about to turn itself around.
The Hungarian Marketing Volunteers
there are others. Anonymous just seems to make no exceptions and takes no prisoners, imo. Maybe that's why it seems that way.
Love not having to work OR go to dance!
missing everything. Have to ck when the replay is tomorrow
#dtl2011 trying to learn how to twitter properly :)
Happy Holidays to all of you! I hope Santa brings us a tour bus...<3
Happy mom's day to our moms and yours!
Bucks BLOW-OUT Lakers in LA. Great team effort tonight
I need a Mac laptop. I could be working the whole time
god. rapidly. <3
Video from 's inauguration will be posted soon! Check back later this evening.
#It'sFriday Tel ya coworkers off
they're not real. move on.
he's full of it.not even close to compare the two.shows how out there he and those who think like him are.
YOU NEED TO FOLLOW ME PLEASE!!!!!♥
just heard the ice cream truck #summerscoming <333
First the doctor told me the good news: I was going to have a disease named after me. ~ Steve Martin
How was TLC? Will get Royal Rumble as this moment?
Barry Lyndon! (That took me long enough.)
FINALLY HM & HAVE T-MOBILE @ 12pm, OVERALL, SLOW START BUT WE GOT EM GOING, GREAT NIGHT & THNX 4 HAVING US ROCK UR PARTY, GLAD YA ENJOYED!!!
Watching Madea for my first time. My lord, have mercy.
it was a whirl wind of a week. Can we reschedule?
Beck's beer: High-stakes, high-quality #packaging #redesign coming out of Argentina
You always make my day better <3
I wouldn't doubt it. It's been on & off all day. “: I heard there was hail in your hood before”
waz up thanks for the follow ...
Bummer. Death and Co. "closed to unfortunate circumstances" guess I'll have to visit next year.
LORD?! looks like a PRINCE HAHA! get it
agreed but that sounds a bit like blaming the victim. When 9 kids circle around you, throwing rocks and screaming "fag"...
Paint or sleep? It's a toss-up. Paint or sleep........
Does that mean you like sticking needs in people?
I think I am on the way to hell.
Is anybody at the Rave watching the fight and is it crowded
was there an earthquake today? my stack of books toppled over...
Btw, U're Awesome! :)
I think imma get used to this performing on stage business :)
that's the one fast food place that I still haven't been able to get to.
Promo code NYE20 for a 20% discount on ticket sales! Do it before NYE!
Hey!Its my birthday!:]
Back in spokane goin out for birthday!
So much hot stuff going on today. I'm gonna faint. *turns up dyson fan*
Remember, I'll be at Sylvester Middle School a week from Saturday!
everybody talks & everybody listen.. and somehow the truth just always comes up missing - Drake♥
This NBA trade deadline has been nuts. So many huge trades.
Taylor gang or put on a pound of makeup for twitcons. see for further details.
only to see the banter between Adam Levine and Christina Ag that was just featured on
lets pray I don't run into this bear
“: Just went out of my way to tell someone they have a really nice hairline.”
Smile, it's finally the weekend!! Is it almost time for your dental appointment? Give us a call! www.kravitzdental.com.
My friends and I were rollerblading and then suddenly the DJ plays a 1D Song and the first thing I do is fall and freak out! <3
Can use some good news right now.
yea they did and not really and idk we do sometimes
Tomorrow...I AM GOING HOME!!! Haiti here I come :)
Don't sit at home tonight, come by!
Got excellent news about our TA lines for next year. But learned that layoffs are now all-but-certain for some FT folks.
New Pants on www.thenewdivide.com - confusing? Not once you read the NEW BLOG! We're excited to pick up today at PDX!
good luck!! <3
Did the #CinnamonChallenge today..... It was awesome!!!!
I just want alone time with you 😔
Pacers lose.....again. Wake up pacers organization. I think a change in leadership is needed.
you sure!?
Thank you so much! Would love to hear what you think.
Lets do that tomorrow tho
at home chillin
Inner SE is my favorite, but if you don't plan to drive/have a car, downtown is great too.
Feel the Romentum! Symptoms include nausea, bleeding gums, and blurry vision.
not sucking! RT : It's totally unfair that people call the Giants one-hit wonders. They get at least two or three hits a game.
Hey everyone ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
no wonder you haven't been on much
Leadership training through leadership development.
Low 40's. Football weather. RT : how cold IS it in Chicago?
Happy mother's day to all the wonderful mothers, especially my amazing mama!
“Lingerie” comes from the French word “linge” or “washables.” The seductive meaning of lingerie didn’t exist until the late 19th century.
RT Everyone please follow the new along with the CEO
why do people say one thing but do anther?when people say that can fly but they can't.do you think that is a lie?
GL Mike
A double minded man is unstable in all his ways.
First day of shooting #ONTHAGRIND ... would probably say "LETS GET IT IN!!!!!!!!!!"
Oh ya, there's more... (h/t) RT : Don't forget your maiden trip to Coors Field!
you said since he became manager
Did you ask your father? hahah :) & instead of tweeting me..you wanna text me?
Batman movie and the Avengers movie came out the same weekend and you could only see one, which would you see?
Shout out to the idiot I ride to work with! You risked our lives and everyone on the road to get us here a whole 5mins early! Dumba**!
MTV awards tonight !!!!! Make sure u watch it and before you do go on facebook and like us please : )
2 depressants, 2 stimulants, zero sleep. Boarding plane. My body will be *very* confused.
hahahaha, shoun was the worst though!!
only quibble: archives section isn't working for me
Say what you want about me... but I work hard....
Such a sad thing...
As long as you have certain desires about how it ought to be you can't see how it is.” ― Ram Dass
- Thank you for setting them straight on the #EFM - #EM thing! Boo-ya! I am dancing in my living room, P.S. Nolan is an idiot.
Tonight I made homemade Lara bars. Tomorrow I make pickled rhubarb since I got to it at the store before bought it all.
More Rain
And I'll try not to sing out of key :) <3
Thanks Wendy! I look forward to it as well.
For up to date specials, jackpots and events find us on Facebook: thebar LV!
ps. You have to follow that guy. Not the real yu but so funny!!
just booked a new film huge! And getting shredded for party in
boo to that.
OMFG I love my amazing followers!
Headed to St. Louis for NARUC meeting. Looking forward to talking to folks about
im that nigga in the left lane with no turning signal;))
Im bouta start dressing like a rock star stay wit cut up jeans and punk rock shirts and them glove that cut at the finger!!!...yuhhhs
"Duke" the bobcat is now free to find his duchess; story of now healthy cat released to wild tonight
Some people dream of success...while others wake up and work hard at it. ~author unknown
You are very welcome. Tweeting is so much fun isn't it? You meet some really great people too.
Look at frustration as a positive thing. It is the frustration that drives you to improve. John Lyons
well hello Hun :) aha how's studying??
they probably will, but oh well!
Steve Francis' '08 campaign slogan was "An Independent Mayor. For a Change." Is your point all slogans are basically the same?
Son had an up-and-down day, though, a combo of lingering ear infection, angst about moving and too much chocolate.
Feel horrible...wanna go home and sleep :( I blame u....
just finished book one. it's official: I have bought in to the hype.
I did have one. Now I have the Droid Razr.
This is why NFL bounties cannot exist. It results in something so much more than a career-ending injury.
whom you skype there? is for me to add
We're outraged by the Trayvon Martin murder, but what about the young black children killed by other blacks every day? Asst Sheriff McCurdy
His men sang. "Hooker is our leader, He drinks his whiskey strong." #Civilwar novel, GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan $2.99 Kindle/Amazon
lol, i don't got no workshop. hehe :) mines almost done anyways.
Tonight!!!! At Dobbs in Philly TRASH FEST USA!!! Leiana at 8pm, tix sold out online...walk ups still avail tho!!!!!
oh but I do like those outfits!
Driving with one head light cause
The hold music on this call is really wildly reminiscent of Angelo Badalamenti's Twin Peaks mastery.
Haha! That sounds like a blast!
The possibility of an Eataly coming to Chicago is very exciting!
Savard bobblehead's stick has been recovered in one piece. Now to glue the stupid sign back on...
-- what a class act! Loved your performance brother. You've got a beautiful soul and will preserve.
Cute Kid(s) Alert! Kingston & Zuma Rossdale Have Family Fun Day at the Zoo (PHOTOS) Instead of visiting Santa, the Stefani-Rossdale famil
You're welcome! Our reviewer had a wonderful time!
Brunch plans with the family has been made. Getting ready in a flash, because we are already behind schedule.
I'M SOO IMPATIENT RIGHT NOW!!
www.facebook.com/inaudikaband GO LIKE IT! IT TAKES 2 SECONDS! ONCE I GET UP TO 300, I WILL RELEASE THE NEW TRACK. :]
I suddenly have a strange urge to bake things and I'm looking at baby names. Um.
US close: Fed minutes dampen spirits
I can't have sex without getting head
Just found out my picture will be in the Business Journal for the #BrewersSMIS hope my Psych prof doesn't read the paper
Your dentist probably read your tweets, LOL ;={>
headed to RPM tonight for my girl birthday dinner!!
why is humid air lightest?
“: Think it's safe to say the #Devils just advanced! Yes!” RT I had no doubt in my mind! The lone good news of the day.
I'm just happy to have a tweet people are replying to
aww, :( *pouts* that makes me sad.
We are working on an advertisement flyer to hand out at this year's Gay and Lesbian Pride Event in Long Beach. Having fun creating it...
Thank you for following! can't wait to check out your swimwear!
im about to blow yo whole timeline up like its 9/11 but its 11:33 you see..did that kinda rhyme or no? lol
my baby boy was 1lb 4oz at my ultrasound yesterday :D
ok and absolutly no patience
For a nosebleed - Put the nose much lower than the body until the heart stops.
Happy EARTH DAY!! Welcome to our newest LIKES - Brian, Jacob, Hasan, Ally, Gina, Penny, Marc, Charlie, Damian, Tobi and Dan!!
thanks for the follow and support Aaron very cool stuff coming out of Edinhacklab check out
That was a terrible joke...but I just won a WToD
I could wash my hair all day and night with Shampoo and Conditioner.
GIRL : I'm not waiting for a prince, I'm waiting for someone who thinks I'm his princess.
i know u aint talkin bout me... last time I checked Ninja isnt 2 workds.. so uh uh uh hush.
A really nice resource for articles in a number of different industries is Smart Brief -
"maybe that's just his sister." -
I'm baking red velvet and funfetti brownies (using recipe) and two cakes for my sister's bachelorette party Saturday
First #aafmiami event with Rob Gonda from on 9/14 in merrick park. Save the date!
I hope the weekend is as long as my day was...
check your dates - President Obama will still be in office in June when the Cup gets raised again
Dont let fear stop you from experiencing all forma of life
“: Hey friends, if your in #Chicago, stop into and try some of their famous pasta, u wont regret it” / Thanks!
ha ha i think that's why people like her. you never know what to expect. :)
u still at wish thursdays?
Just got to the gym... No gym pants
HE WAS TRYING TO KILL US!!!
Some good sleep, and a new day is waiting for me.
Thanks! You too
"Happy birthday homie...Happy birthday homeboy""for me" lawl oh lawd *shakes head... sighs ... *
Listening to while reading his #sxsw on twitter. <3
#whodat say they gonna beat them saints? #saintsfootball :) <3
last night was amazing!!! Hope to see you guys again soon!!!
Woah there pal.. Lets not get ahead of ourselves yet.. He hasnt come close to a triple double.
The backpacker / travel scene seems analogous to artists as front lines for gentrification - paving the way for what will surely come...
I wish we got the chance to be rated! You guys do certainly do a great job and we applaud you!
I will definitely start watching now.. You r my fav!
I love both!!!
lmao. I'm so tired :(
sorry to hear that! Karma will get them and if you're lucky you'll get to watch it happen
Last Day of our first every Secret Sale! Could it be free shipping or 20% off? Click to reveal your discount! bit.ly/uLmh83
I thought that you were talking about at the office. I have a no computer before leaving the house rule works great.
your game is more than 8 hours old, and has been closed. You can always start a new game (ymkdc)
: I worked directly with my publisher, no agent.
I tripped over a speed hump in the road and tried to play it off by running today at fitness connection. But now it's all good.
Youre very welcome RT : thank u :)
I have never gotten through security that fast in my life. 10 minutes tops.
The child in me says "Eat candy for breakfast!" but the adult in me says "You're an adult! You can do whatever the fuck you want! Do it!"
Salvage the Bones - family function and dysfunction circa Katrina...definitely on my list.
How's it? Don't know if you remember me but I wanted to send you some music, get your feedback.
Resist the devil and he will be forced to flee, nag a man and so will he.
RT : We're releasing our covers album June 28.
Way to build 's reputation :)
RT : So how long u gone leave that weave in ???--- lol that's funny. But a lot of girls need to be asked tht question.
Visiting Alaska in Aug! Any tips on lodging, wildlife cruises, kayaking in #Seward?
Quick, make an old year's resolution!
lmao mix it all up and it's like uhh.... Anything but normal, and nice!!
yup me to
RT NYU's digital object workflow AT module looks to solve most of our AT/Archivematica integration issues. Nicely done
There sure has been a lot of awesome this week...70 degree weather, #cocoaconf friday, new iPad this weekend, hopefully more awesome to come
Oh I have, but still love watching the commercial. The fake laughing gets me every time!
I'm there Tuesday, Wednesday, and the occasional Friday. See you next week!
Well played! We have been blessed with a warm winter. 50 degrees today. I will be firing the grill up shortly as well.
Going to a party later :D
i'd rather have the absurd price than have to pay DirecTV. 20 bucks/week... I don't know if i can justify it though.
North Carolina!
If guns kill people, then pencils misspell words, cars make people drive drunk, and spoons make you fat.
In other news, my sister notified me of a meth-lab literally on my street
ANNIE CAKES I LOVE YOU
So I Gave This Twitter A Try....I Like It...
What up, Shelly?! How's the Twitterverse treating you??
i'm going to be reppin a #salty shirt too! (:
ok so today wasnt a bad day getting ready for school !
o0o0ohh that's what I thought! ;)~
Toronto as a whole is awesome. Great show, great town, great people. Chi-Tels in Ottawa tonight. Let's have some god damn fun!
I hate folding clothes :-/
I don't hardly tweet as much as I used to.
actually I was certified to SCUBA in college since former bf said I couldn't do it I was too weak!
RT 3 more weeks of classes
Costa Rico: The Land of Adventure - Pura Vida!
Thank you! If I cared I could have turned ESPN, ESPNNEWS, ESPN.com That was ridiculous
Tell BoDean he's a pig!! And I mean that with the utmost respect.
Thanks for the RT! Pretty great, huh?
This should be a great weekend to get out and #stayactive!
Your work can have a one hour delay?? Richmond is a funny place...
EVERYTIME I MENTION BLACK PANTHER OR SOME REAL SHIT UM OFF THE NEXT DAY!!!! WTF??? COSPIRACY??? HM??? MJ, PAC, EAZY, BIGGIE, PIMP C, ETC..
I guess it's Turn Back the Clock Night on MLB.tv My stream quality reminds me of 1997.
Lmfao everyone starts bustin up “: Me: You had a girlfriend last semester? : Yeaah...... Fucken bitch!”
no prob... don't delete. not evry1 is a h8er, ya no?
Got my face on for the new "Make it or Bake it" we are taping tonight!!
Happy mama day
you can re-enter if you're 21+. if not, no
I know they say that first love is the sweetest, but that first cut is the deepest.
but I would also like to see what you've got in mind for a writer's group.
is on Facebook and MySpace now as well!
you really head to New Orleans? If so let me know.
Shoutout to and for being the first two followers! Thank you!
saw and heard Ursula Endlicher's online art project!
There is finally a verdict in the Amy Senser case... judge will read it at 3:10pm
Damn :o Im an a & b student : ) Never the less : P School is hard thou..i try my hardest :) I bet ur grades aren't that bad
My pleasure--good luck!
I kinda just hate everyone.
hmm New Mexico CEO's and their pets slideshow? I love it.
why does it feel like friday
But enough about foreign policy. Let's talk about Rush.
Somebody order a few more Trevor Hoffmans. We don't have enough of them.
The top 2 tech skills that are in demand today are Systems and Network Engineers and Software Developers, .NET, Java, PHP, and MySQL
A key to #leadership is to duplicate other’s strengths, not just your own. SeanLetwat
Make sure everyone that don't live in Atlanta send pics to so y'all can be apart of his video "Headlines"!!!!!
Joe and Victoria!
do you need us to lower the crawl rate or stop crawling all together?
#doomtown is the whole message.
show is SOLD OUT! Did you get your tickets??
Can't wait to find out what House Fifty Two is all about! Hints?
i wish my mom would let me dye my hair :(
interesting article. thx. "only B12 fortified foods and B12 supplements have proven themselves as reliable sources of B12"...
Here we go!! Lights are down.
ahah lol yeah;) Its some challenge thing;) You're gonna come up pretty soon!<3 x
SHE has blurred the boundaries between sleep and wakefulness. Otherwise okay though.
I wish my job encouraged fitness and health. Mine just encourages carpal tunnel syndrome. :)
u better
i swore to myself that i wasn't going to let shit like this bother me but sadly it will always bother me.
I think the main reason why homeless people are so poor is because they only ever ask for small change. They should aim higher
The board is being criticized heavily by Eagle. Being called a political sellout. "You think we're stupid".
Like if I should make another YouTube video !
congrats bro I have a friend 32 she's going through right now
What's wrong? /:
HAPPY HOUR STARTS NOW!!!!
Wow, what a coincidence...that song came on the radio... #killme 😲🔫
Lmfao , That Day Chayla Smiled At Me , Kaylah Said She Wanna Rape You .> I Was Too Fucking Done .
"What do they do when the circus monkey dies? Do they shut down? No! They just get another monkey!" - my job explained by a co-worker.
Thanks Lois! Good Chatting #brandchat :
"It is later than you think." -sundial inscription
Scott Hannan has 73 GP of playoff experience. The rest of the #Caps D combined have 120 GP worth.
when people hurt you<<<<<<
Which documentary?
Money comes and money goes, but if you are educated about how money works, you gain power over it and can begin building wealth.
you ain't lying. Lol Michigan has no summers nor beaches! :-0
you leave the As alone...
Just by virtue of the fact that I did not have to get up at 5am, I know today is going to be a good day.
2012 17U Uncommon Girls Select Basketball team preparing to make noise during spring and summer tournament tour
Happy New Year from all of us to all of you! May all your goals and dreams come true in 2012!
Better results: take lots of surveys yourself to learn about respondent experience & what makes a good survey
they are everywhere on eBay
thanks for the tweet! Hope all is well ;) I'll be visiting #NYC soon.
When you look at your life, the greatest happinesses are family happinesses.
Jimmy Fallon - Slow Jam The News with Barack Obama: Late Night with Jimm...: via
My day was good too. :)
#ThingsIGottaTeachMySon how amazing Eminem was, or IS if he's still big by then.
Cubs are up, punk. Thought you would want updates.
Remember, it was also who sparked 's massive comeback against Spurs last week...
Planning study abroad? Want $20 towards your trip? Then email for full deets :) It's all very simple & fun!!
Happy 24th Birthday Spencer!!!
DM me a link to your resume. I'll see what I can find out
watching How I Met Your Mother and loving every second.
love you nevermind not a good thing cause we no longer gonna get marriedd
Its over, no, .3 to go
SPOT LED LENSER CONTEST :: What award did the X21 just win this year?
Louisiana has had 198 officers reported. The rate of misconduct is 1777.38/100k officers. I believe LA has a high rate because..
all u guys need to need STOP hating on julian cuz i swear.. just dont ok DONT
stop it 5
15- penguins thats so cute!!!!!! i love christina perri too :) we should talk more!!! ♥
Having a wedgie in a public place where you can't pick at it because people will see.
Ruud Van Nistelrooy is up there with the greatest centre forwards that i've seen since following football.absolute privilege.
my fiance come from two very prominent families in Arlington and not a single one of them or their friends would vote for you.
just taught us he knows about roman numerals.
My trusty old iMac won't boot beyond the chime. Made my first Genius Bar appointment for tomorrow afternoon.
It was really weird, when this thing started, to hear lawyers and MTV people calling me and actually saying 'ButtHead.' People tried
Thanks for the shout out brother, you ready for Christmas? Hope your doing well!
Low Price Large Cast Iron Tetsubin Teapot Warmer Arr Black- teapot warmer
I need to get an Xbox again. I miss raping ppl in gears of war. :/
"I Am More Than My Next Meal"
To win your championship in the game of life you must perfect your self by taking the time to pray, meditate and exercise
Thanks for the mention!
I hope you both have great weekends away. What am I gonna do without you??
Make today an extraordinary day - then repeat tomorrow.
Looking at more used cars today. I hate car sales men when they are pushy.
Thx for checking! Relieved...
Women in Los Angeles don't smile enough
I also do pretty good videos so that might work for u
"ASK FOR FORGIVENESS!" oh adelelele's mom ;)
haha that's supposed to be on your poster!
The only time success comes before work is in the dictionary. #Truth Vince Lombardi
you look better with the lights ON ;)
we need make a indoor track it be so so cool but i know that won't happen but if be too much gas and smoke coming out car
i know that now i did grow up from that and LOVE MY LADY with all that i am
Always leave something to wish for; otherwise you will be miserable from your very happiness. Baltasar Gracian
Thanks again for leading on the ballpark back in 2006.
Biased much?
sounds good. Let you know when i get back south this week.
I love the spirt of Christmas as well. Think it should be 24/7.
We learn about creativity from artists -- those who have the ability to create something new, without constraints.
Hollandaise.. hahaha, oh Cohen, ya kill me.
Elliot is so gay hahaaha. He is posting really retarded stuff on facebook LOL
What do guys notice first on a woman, hair or boobs? Reply to us with #hair or #boobs to vote!
I need to take my writing test for my liscense!
76 westbound, ya fucks! The lawrence arms are playing in cleveland. Party all the way.
Savage Life still fuggin SLAPS
Sometimes my twitter unfollows you. dont worry i'll follow you again .
Headed to Gonna b a great night. Join us at 6
what happened?): Dm me?....if you want!/:
Moved into the new house yesterday!!!....'Everything is starting to come together!!!!
I've mentioned 39 -- now 40 -- times in the past week. You should feel loved, young'un. :D
It's a 248 kinda day.
Good Morning
The communion of saints is not just a network of connections between people. It is first & foremost the community of our hearts. ~Nouwen
Happy Valentine's Day from 30-A!
Maybe I just one of the few people who don't watch singing competition shows for the judges. Give me TALENT and I'm good.
RT Anger is a weakness in an insecure personality.
#iug2012 San francisco
Carlos Marmol is the defintion of enigma. Work your magic Theo.
Ashleigh has developed an excellent program about believing in your own power and following your dreams! Has 4 assemblies this week!
Was just thinking about you :) how you been lady?
I don't like them either but I'll go to support anyway. Besides, just another excuse to grill and have beers.
Nice! Sounds exciting! Everything is all good over here ;)
Are you okay? I feel like you're changing...
I agree. Big fan.
The University of Texas Board of Regents cancels fight between Julio César Chávez Jr. and Andy Lee because of border violence
run then LAX to get ate melissa
Officially have nothing to look forward to in this world
Brad Paisley, The Band Perry, and Scotty McCreery are performing tonight at the United Spirit Arena, Lubbock, TX. Tickets at: 888-493-0004
After dragging my feet I finally joined twitter!
Expert Marble Cleaning & Polishing. Satisfaction Guaranteed! Call Us
I'm onto the Glass thing. It's another distraction from the masters of distraction scientists. Knowledge Navigation? Really?
In our fight against income inequality, nothing touches as many NYers as raising min wage. I applaud Assembly & Speaker Silver on vote today
Pumped up kicks just came on the radio. #Old #Lol its my mom's ringtone.
follow she autofollows back everyone! follow come on! follow
oh my god im dying, seriously that was the funniest thing i have ever seen omg
how cute robert farts LOL
should museum SM be held to a higher standard that interactives? exhibits?
such fake fans
Reviewing the law for prayer instructions, I really only found one direct example Deu 8:10, #mkBiblechat praying after meals 2 give thanx
Download the Library Anywhere app if you have an iPhone, Android, Blackberry, iPad, etc. to access our catalog anytime/anywhere!
Got the keys to my very own place son
Woke up with a bruise on my eyelid...maybe I was kickboxing in my sleep. You shoulda seen the other guy...
- I am ready when you are!!! - Lets's make a plan! Happy New Year To You Too!!
You break my heart every time we say goodnight...
bleugh its the same here.....lets go to america. now.
99% of guys are hot the other 1% go to my school.
RT ": The possibility of pain is inherent in the very existence of a world where souls can meet. #CSLewis"
Ah! are nominated for the Billboard Music Awards! Yeeheeey! :D
yeah I remember that video I thought that was like promo for the single
I guess your happy you have better LUCK than i do?
M...Nothing better than a Mojitoe Pedicure. Come in and try one today!
Are You Crazy ? Meek Mill < 2 Chainz And That My Friend Is The Truth !
Pride is just one of those things, sometimes you have to swallow it when all you want to do is spit it out.
Kelly Rindlfeish, 4 felonies pending for misconduct in public office. Faces up to 3.5 years in jail
eh, it's not that I'm sick. just, my hamstring won't let me run long distances without making my life miserable. annoying. :\
AW SHUCKKSSSSS ☺ I LOVE YOU TOO BBYYY 😊 p.s. ; I hope I'm not scaring you with my caps lol
“ The fixity of a habit is generally in direct proportion to its absurdity. ” — Marcel Proust
Gonna go see my LL
yea she had told me... How's life treating you though? Everything good?
and unfortunately we need action and cooperation from politicians - often the most selfish, short-term people
What can wash away your sins? What can make you hold again? I’m glad you asked… nothing but BLOOD OF JESUS. Be Encouraged!
u need a gf
#ChrisRickert column on War on Women in today's is so bad I can't even bring myself to link it here.
thank you for following, I'm new so it means a lot <3
Loved our scenes :)
thank you!! I hope you're doing well!!
Officially quit my job 
That could have used some tweaking.
If zombie eats the brain he cannot procreate.
RT Shout out to my new followers #PackerNation #GoPack!!!!
55 million women are blogging (wow!)
“: that last express was weak” 👎
#museweb 8 hrs at the client today and 9 hrs in transit. Remembered somewhere over VA that I needed to Tweet today.
So Time magazine has a cover of a child sucking on a tit covered in mystery white powder? Oh wait, getting my stories mixed.
Potowmack Elementary student says, "I have learned so much from Spanish...por favor reconsidera la idea de cortar mi clase favorita."
MILWAUKEE (AP) -- Frontier Airlines will cut nearly 500 Milwaukee area employees as part of a major service reduction in Milwaukee.
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to connecting with you!
Occupy corporations on Twitter by trolling.
A source tells us the assembly may not have the votes to pass eveb watered down tier 6 pension reform
Okay it's really late over here and I've gpt school early tomorrow so I'm gonna call it =) Goodnight =)
Nice costumes #Chargers, I almost thought you were football players for Halloween.
good morning blue dots!!! i hear your 65% off today!!! (DON'T MISS SOME AMAZING DEALS & STEALS!!!) xo
that's the truth!
what's up Joe?? Just want to say that I'm a big fan and will u follow me on twitter????????
Unfortunately in Austin the rent conversion is more like AUS good 1-bdrm = SFO crappy studio, not SFO parking spot, but still...
Cubs win!
We provide therapy for adults with-Anger Management issues.
listening to gospel winner talking about his friendship with Whitney....
OK, my Square issue is resolved! Thanks so much to LinkedIn for helping me figure out who I know who knows someone at Square...
I love this quote. Especially now that I am almost done running myself into the ground to get our film finished!
BeThankful for Blessings... With the blessing of God we can be rich even when we are poor. -Proverbs 10:22
Three videos shot in Puerto Plata. Good times!
Joe Paterno, former Penn State football coach, dies at 85 RIP
isn't that Sam waterson's office? Who seems like white Isaac in a bowtie? Also control room looks exactly the same. SN 2.0!
I'm Guna slap him. Lol but I still love my BFF <3 Tehe
My damn cousin tagging me in Facebook posts! Nigga
Need to remember it takes time to develop a good rapport w/patients. I have to prove to each one I want to help them.
I'm with you. But I'd probably draw the line between "would you like to table your cards?" and "oh, here's what you're holding."
I also have one other question, how do you get those pdf files on your videos? It looks awesome!
Thanks so much for your support of
love seeing tweets with good news! yeah!
- I am a clown you know. So imagine my shoe size and all.
I want to take the time to thank god for waken me on this beautiful day. 🙏
Everything is education.
I'm on edge! Really am! Dad didn't buy the Pina Colada by Sobe! TODAY IS JUST AWFUL!!!
I will!! I'll DM people too(:
ok, well that is just not true.
we did hear! Lookin forward to it. The front paddy-o will def be open!
Dude watering his grass in the rain.. Wtf
QUICK BREAK: What is one thing you are grateful for about your day?
New obsessions:
☼ AH ha HA HA ha China good luck with that. I got a big laugh out of that, thanks.
wait...so if you get blowjobs at 3am is it from someone in your complex that you hate!?? Lol
Congrats Modern Family cast! Kids did a great job accepting.
Hugo was great! You seeing it in 3d?
Love that Rainiers shirt! You may like our Seattle tees too, just sayin :)
Feeling inspired tonight: Chicken Caramelized Onions & White Wine Sauce. Butternut Squash Polenta. Green Beans Shaved Parmesan
We support our troops. Did you know we offer a military discount and a senior citizen discount. Come check us out this weekend!
No computer wifi and no instrument to play means I'm pissed. Should've known this would happen. Also, this bed sucks.
Just noticed your profile pic....love it!
creating heart pounding music!
Hamadas is a nice spot
suggested follow
Did you know? “A pessimist is somebody who complains about the noise when opportunity knocks.” – Oscar Wilde
#WhatMakeYouBeautiful and #BOYFRIEND and #11:11 .... set on loop all day :) haha
I model , I act as well Im trying my best to get my name out there its really not much going on in Milwaukee, but I wont stop
Broncos > Vikings.
Heat fuckin round already
Dear guy spamming one of my online contests: the email prefix "slipperypete" totally doesn't make you look a guy who spams online contests.
Follow me please!!:)
thanks for the follow
One patient at a time. All I can do.
Refs are terrible! C'mon !!!!
In May, EU is hosting a workshop on tools for management of legislative content, particular to XML.
like HUGE
Some great tips from a casting director workshop tonight! Thanks Danielle Eskinazi!!
Right when I wake up the first thing I think about is what he said and even though it was a joke it made me feel like shit.
Happy Canada Day to my many Canadian friends!
for sure, I agree Texas is the team to beat
Wow, don't think it could be done. RT : Today in 1966, Pet Sounds and Blonde on Blonde both released. Hard to top that.
Fenna lay down & listen to music. I'ma read later. . I need to get in my zone. TML ! <3
hm...that coulda been it LOL
Gamel with a line drive to right center. Crowd feeling something is about to happen.
Welcome, Synergy 2012 attendees! We hope you enjoy your time in our beautiful city.
That's fine. They have other programming they can play with, don't they?
I know I should go to sleep, but it's just so great to not be at work or at rehearsal for the play...
Local art faire was so fun! I must apply for a booth next year!
how many shirts should we make though?
Almost on my 300th tweet. :D
oh. Well were going! And I think so is everyone from last nights party.
Up like staying here up?
I guess I'm leaving for #NYC 2morrow!
We have a new server ready - vpn-wn2 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Oslo Norway (mywebhost.no).
Keaton wishes he was Aliyah's future hubby
it's just you, or at least I disagree! I love having way more pb :)
line looks great! Landing in LV for can we move NY here?
RT : Pls retweet: Need participant w/health care + policy background to test gov site on 11/4. Email
its all good :)
Sleepless nights<<
OED: storminess (1804) G. Huddesford You, like Lunar beam, Thro' my nimbosity arise; Dispensing, from your lucid eyes, Refocillating gleam
On move out day you get to see everyone that never comes out of their room!
I don't want to leave my sister but I'm ready to be back home.
Sen. Cardin speaking now; was introduced by Sen. Mikulski, who was introduced by
#brotips to cold for cutoffs
wine on a Friday is always good.
Who woulda thought Steve Blake would be having huge GM 7 moments while Steve Francis,Juan Dixon & Lonny Baxter figure out the metric system?
I blame Facebook not the phone. Their site has even been buggy for me lately
OMG, I'm wrong is not singing Jasmine Sullivan is. My this should still be gud. Lookin at that list again 4 Josh
LOL.RT : I am so damn glad it Friday I can rest the hold weekend
And we'll never ever ever ever ever leave each other
#mgmsin thanking the direct to you people for every hand out of call girls.
Lol oh we shall! Very soon :)
congrats bro.
Listen, Mr. Kansas Law Dog, law don't go round here.
Not at all.
I'm not gna lie I earned my money today.. Wookieepedia Ima need a drink.... Or 2..... Or 3
“: ' here for opening of Follies ' an appt across the Plaza.” //Hmm, sorry to miss it
the best show I have ever seen in Vegas
Good Morning! All art is but imitation of nature. -Lucius Annaeus Seneca
hey ladies... you can still get your rabbit vibe to put in your basket if you order by Monday.....
G'morning to all my Tweetsters! Here's to a terrific Friday!
Weequahic Park Upper/Lower Clinton Hills and Dayton Episcopal Community Development Inc. 620 Clinton Avenue, Newark, NJ May 16th (Wednesday)
Big Content Monetisation Ideas for the Little Guy-Justsmellsogood.com By Darren Rowse www.justsmellsogood.wordpress.com
#WhyDoIAlways stay up late when I know I'm going to be exhausted in the morning? YOLO that's why. And because shut up thats why
I get aggravated to easily.
lmao haha, thats what South Lake will do to you. Our version of What we dont do?!
THIS! : I haven't been this confused on why America was still voting since Taylor Hicks won American Idol...
who is going to close
When did "the fact of the matter" become a magic phrase making absurd RW lies somehow "factual"? Ron Christie on my TV.
Good Luck to Salisbury University football this weekend! Safe journey!
Blanton-Webster band. Doesn't get much better.
Can you like, come teach all of the guys in Omaha this?
My life is one long #MadMen episode. Well, really only the clownish, nebbishy parts about Harry. But still.
Very true keep up the great work ! Why you still wake ? RT : At Least Imma Good Role Model =)
The types of law are criminal law, civil law, administrative law, case law, and procedural law.
The Dan Ryan #Sucks!
go look at my last couple of tweets
Big thanks to for geeking out with us over Wong Kar-Wai!!
thanks for the blackout/hangover.
Yes! They were pretty awesome!! Are you jamming to them now? haha
Red light at 27.
Dear 49ers.... Please please DESTROY the Aints!!!
Are my fellow Chicagoans ready for the NATO Summit next weekend
Tornadoes & hail in LA! Craziness. Time for some wine, Community & 30 Rock... assuming we don't lose power again. Fingers crossed
Please welcome Richard Thomsen, he joins Property Line's dedicated Member Services team today!
She easy bake oven hot .
May have found a home for Vadelle. She's such a sweet dog I hate to see her go but my dogs are stressed over her. I can't have that.
You are most welcome!!
Gonna watch Avengers tomorrow. Hopefully its not sold out
Party Floppers in tha house tonight!
if I had to throw a tennis ball over & over to keep my boyfriend entertained you know I'd be doing something wrong. ;)
I've got my new book "The Sentinel" to the beginning of act three.
Bad season in CHI town , same BS injures Football , Basketball
STFU you think your cool cause you're 2 months older.. I'll have my permit before you dumbass.
Going to Rudy's. Meet us there.
Good Luck To The team in Dallas today!!! lets make it happen!!!!!! SOLAR CARPORTS! solar is hot!
To clarify, I'm taking a sabbatical from the #SMCsac Leadership team. Not I think we scared , :)
I'm feeling some type of way this morning.
Cat is afraid of new ceiling fan and won't come into the bedroom. Missing snuggly 4am cat purring :(
Good things come to those who wait....
Newsflash: Two terriers can polish off 1/4 lb of Maytag blue cheese in about 2 seconds flat.
Reds win!!!! Take that, Cards
Great week at Embedded Systems Conference ended with an excellent Multicore Association meeting and one final customer meeting. Whew! What …
Prince cover band concert in N Mpls
Nope, will be heading there soon though, after azuhar. Wazzup?
Thanks for sharing!
He wouldn't be the first hot shit prospect to fail miserably. He could need Tommy John surgery after a month...
can't wait to see julian on abdc!!!!
love my collard greens sauteed with thick strips of bacon, garlic and a little bit of olive oil. how do u prepare ur collards? -lisa
Music keeps my mind sane..
It's #Taco and #Hockey Night at the Echo! Tacos are $1 or 1 for $4 for 5! All the #StanleyCupPlayoff will be on! Plus Trivia is at 9!
Twit, I made a new game on mw3. Want to get on and play it with me. IT's a 4v4 one btw.
Wow that is an amazing view!! :) Good morning Asher!!
. Hooray! Back at you. :) Former and future coworkers! How lucky am I??
We'll soon roll out a way for you to take your #Netbadges with you! Stay Tuned! Netbadges is badging the best of the net!
Pretty Little Liars
One day, I hope to find the strength to ask my friends to remove me from their weekly game night e-mail threads.
We've been quiet lately while building our new store, but prepare yourself- Ankasa opens at 1202 Madison Ave before Thanksgiving!!!
"True friendship isn’t about being there when it’s convenient; it’s about being there when it’s not.” some need to learn..."
#teamsheikie baby RT : All my fans you are #1 inn the world. I love you and respect you forever
love your blog! :)
"And the there was 2"
3 more weeks of school
Kenny Chesney's "The Boys of Fall" may have made me a Country music listener!
I feel like there's a big chunk of my brain devoted to filtering... and it ALL goes offline when I'm sick.
Job Link Now: CU Network Services (HawaiiNewsNow) - CU Network Services, a subsidiary of Hawaii Central Federal Credit Union is hiring! G
Thanks! Teaching via Twitter sounds challenging :( But I can give you tips. Just ask me anytime :)
You're making up words again, huh, "mom?" HA! =D
Work it! RT : spinning tonight. See you there.
What a day!
Me too!
Happy Halloween!
Just to completely change things up, I'll be spending most of today on a short film shoot, playing the androgynous bartender in a noir.
J&B's Tavern Sat. CD Release Party With Specyphi ...wsg. Red Soul Rising......New laser light the Cold Beer will be flowing hope to see...
#imagine Liam: i don't want you to go. you: i need to. Liam: but what if i never let you go ? you: then i'll lay in your arms forever
I'm overboard.
WTG! is a great example of patience too - great job!
-- Selena is gorgeous, I don't care what anyone says. but so is Jasmine, I'll admit it.
Or not... Garbonzo went to live at a store here in pdx today. Can I make you a similar one instead?
RT : You know who else is here ?? and many more!! Come thru!
Just spent 2 hours talking with a harvard prof, she said, set yourself apart from the crowd and you will get in
Currently chatting with a "customer representative" about my nook. We'll see how this goes.
lets go guys
Time to cut a Bitch!
Hope y'all did awesome on yalls chem exam...y'all studied soo hard
I'll call you later what's a good time
Stay up and watch Drew Hastings on Leno! “: I'm about 20 seconds away from taking a nap on the floor.
Bout to get dressed and head out
"6 other friends posted about MCA Records." Not quite, Facebook.
I'm in a fantasticly craptastic mood today.
My work is done! A blessed evening & weekend to ALL! Smooches!
I just came back to Finland. Even if spring it's coming...it still feels way too cold for me!
yes I do.
Right??? Though I did love her in Mr. & Mrs. Smith
That doll "Cynthia" Angelica had from Rugrats was ugly as shit. Why would u wanna have a doll that look like a bust down & a crack head?
Lauren's presenting at a grants wkshp today @ 2pm. Come say hello! Syracuse Educational Opp Ctr, 100 New Street www.nyhumanities.org/grants
Thanks!!! I've been on set quite a bit so I'm sure we have seen each other:)
RT : Have you heard? Our Open House is Thurs 5/17! If you're in Tally: stop by, grab a bite to eat, meet our staff & students.
Post game interviews coming up next on the field
Just saw Adam starring & Cried my friggin' eyes out!
Take some of ours here in #Scottsdale! RT Come back sunshine! We're sorry for whatever has upset you...
This is gonna be a long ass day
Think Like A Woman, Act Like An Entrepreneur Think Like A Woman, Act Like An EntrepreneurHow To Break Free From The Shackles
Happy Monday Beautiful People! Kentucky gonna win tonight and #MuppetManDavis MVP - XavierLT. com
"it makes me wanna buy clothes in a bad mood!!" - on lil kim's "suck my dick."
idk what the hell I was thinking lol
That sounds cool! Should I watch it since it didn't get wrapped up?
RT : We need to figure out how to circulate apps or we&#39;ll be where we are with ebooks
The will be streaming all 60 Bracelet Event Final Tables in 2012 |
y'all better show out
Glad you are so excited to be tour-trained! Know you are gonna be one of our best!
Watching our cat ignore his first Christmas tree. Huh. Let's see what happens when there are shiny dangly things on it, eh? :)
Such a long hard day.
Soon Holiday ------->finally
Just learned that Betty White is giving the closing talk at PLA. I had been focusing on academic libraries, but this really changes things…
Haha it wasn't! RT : I hope it isn't a desert mirage!
If it doesn't grow walk or swim, don't eat it.
#TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear Bush Back
I have been overly stressed out and will continue to be that way until May 18th at 5:31pm.
So the blonde girl with 12 Bumpits in her hair was not a stripper. It was Miss Ohio!!! cc: @
I spoke to a neighbor once I was their 1st neighbor encounter in 11 years. That was 3 years ago, I like the twitter hood.
yeah but my chapter 14&15 are combined into one!
damn, hasn't tweeted in forever.
Curried Lakeview is OPEN nightly til 9pm for pick up and delivery...3227 N. Clark --
OMG ME AND just saw the hunger games!!!
Please give the cup to Chow to drink from this time. Jo was great, but this was Gabby's day.
that's nothing. The Rangers TV crew once spent a good ten minutes discussing their favorite blaxploitation movies.
I have a habit of making nouns into verbs. I do what I want.
‎5 year olds prayer..."and Lord forgive us our trash baskets as we forgive those who put trash in our baskets."
Both my boys like to say "Ack" in moments of frustration. Example: it's time for bed. They say Ack. Kind of sounds like fuck. I ignore it.
Those who say it can't communicate would use your example as evidence because it's likely not just 20 interpretations with 1 meaning.
well then just add me as a contact and after we are done on facetime u can delete my contact from his ipod
Yep, 4 years. I would like time to stop and take a rest now and again.
Was it Rick Majerus that you were telling me about the other day?
someone kill me please
2nd attempt at this wireless fence training #pray4me 🐶
DS: yes we did. And beat your sorry ass Steelers not once, but TWICE. You lost to TIM FUCKING TEBOW. Take a seat.
no im not
Gladiators Cage Fighting Info for tonight 3/14: WI State Fair Park. Doors/Undercard 5pm, Main Card 8 pm. 25 MMA bouts. A great night out!
HubSpot’s implementation of the Sales and Marketing SLA has led to a number of positive results
mine to.
: chilling in yo lobby waiting to get this tech on...
WHAT? Nope...I need to peep that fam! Send me a link!
Im suprised I was able to wake up this morning
oh, okay! :) I'm Irene from Spain, you know ;) hahaha
Whats really unfortunate is that Gary Johnson and Buddy Roemer never had a chance. Our media's negligence is bordering on criminal
you suck go die in a hole!!!!!! My ass is smaller than yours Chico!!!! :P
These are bad times for ppl who like to sit outside th library@ dawn on a rainy morning and get ripped to th tits on crank & powerful music
Coronation Street star Simon Gregson has dyed his hair pink to help raise money for a cancer charity.
20 days to The Justice Ball: www.thejusticeball.org....DJ AM headlines
And as a meal...
This is a straight shoot out
Interviewing was exactly the health kick I needed to stay on track the rest of the week!
I need for the other grown person in my house to understand he is just that GROWN!
wow! None for me (yet...)
Mine translates literally to "With bacon life is possible; with bourbon [it is] good."; has a pun 'bourbono' & 'bona'.
“: What radio station were you listening to?” I'm not certain but it was local to DC.
Waiting for the money chirp. One of the favorite parts of my day in
Thanks for sending your funny shorts in for the January screening at in Palm Springs. We'll announce a line up, soon!
Happy New Year from Young Rembrandts, Greater Cleveland - West
Thanks to , & for leadership in campaign, fighting for hard working NYers in car wash industry
Up early. Where u headed?
Heading to SD to hang out with my mom-- and hang out with family. This is going to be fun or scary. Or both.
Debating whether I should join Tumblr or not #social #media Is it worth it?Too much work?
Going out for a bachelorette party or just a ladies night? Check out All the Singles Ladies! The new comedy show from the Improv Asylum...
I really wanna make a movie this summer.. I need a camera man, and actors. lets make this happen
A helpful explanation from author Ken Follett at #ThrillerFest: While curiosity drives mysteries, thrillers are all about danger.
I've done some AppleScript work in the dark past, but not Objective-C.
Justin Turri just got hat trick
ivory ridge .. Nice
Outlook for 2012 for San Diego. Cautiously good. Weak growth, new jobs added, but still 9% unemployment. Gin.
GUHHH I dont have the paper stuff for all of that!
Stop poping up, take the hint from the last 20 times I've blanked you, I do not want to speak to you.
Goodnight Beautiful people <3
I hate it when my cookie becomes suicidal & decides to drown itself at the bottom of my milk
same here beybehh !!
Recall election for Lt. Gov. Rebecca Kleefisch ordered on unanimous vote by Wis. elections board
"Gemini are extremely independent. They will not be pinned down by anyone or any rules." Yep that's my baby and I love her 4 it
going to adopt a pet tomorrow ... not sure what kind yet
Work today!! oh joy -_-
Trying to think of a topic for my next webinar with
Still packing, but now dealing with a flooded basement!
Breast Cancer Survivor or participant in #Komen? Thoughts on Komen funding cut to PP? Looking to interview you.
Ha! You'd have to actually read it 1st. RT: You haven't lived until you've violated the iTunes user agreement.
i wish i wasn't the only child . i wish i had a older brother or sister i could talk to.
Showers are amazing. They make you feel nice & clean, make you sound like a professional singer, & help you make all of life's decisions.
Free twitter promotion on the url on my page. Works great for all networks. Try it. BTW, follow 4 follow? :)
Send Some Drama To Yo Street Im Obama In These Streets
Bitterly cold weather will cont to grip much of Upper Midwest and Great Lakes Region thru end of week...bundle up!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING MIGGY
Livin' for my son, and I ain't even got one...
Thx! I'm in English. Our feminist wking grp read Ahmed's Killing Joy: Feminism & the History of Happiness in June. Love it.
only charity I ever give money to is the one that's trying to figure out how to make dimes march....0_^
“: Southern accents.” what is a pretty spiffy album by Tom Petty.
Farm fresh fare - Charleston Gazette
If beuty and the beast teaches us 1 thing, it's that looks don't matter. As long as you're a billionaire prince who owns a fucking castle.
We are doing well ! How are you?
I know right! RT Lucky! Lucky! Lucky!
studying for my private pilot oral exam and checkride. bah.
lol very true miss. Im also obsessed with buffalo chicken wraps, buffalo chicken wings, ruffles buffalo potato chips, etc.
Damn!!! The Clippers game!
To Succeed in life, you need three things A wish bone, a back bone, and a funny bone
In a month, my reading selections went from The Federalist Papers to Ferdinand.
If you love your then RT this to get country groups to perform for our troops at
Since this page has gone unnoticed....i guess im gonna have to.......
The best part of the #SuperBowl was definitely the
I just don't see any fitting in The White House. That said, I couldn't see any president as president before they became president!
article submitted. LONG WEEKEND BEGUN!!
Peyton Manning must have a chronic masterbation issue because whatever temptations come his way, he'd rather just do it HIMSELF!
Did you know that there are only 13 blimps in the world? 9 of them in the US. 3 owned by Goodyear and 1 is shaped like Shamu!
Thanks - Check in for updates! RT just heard your new track, pretty legit
Traffic will be sumtin to look forward to when all cars r selfdriving. Til then Ill continue regretting owning a manual transmission
TONITE Old School Hip Hop Happy Hour at NV Art Bar - No Cover, Strong Drink, Free Food & A Good Ass Time w/
Rex is the master limerick man.
GA Teacher of the year Pam Williams said, "Data is my friend"
Thank You for turning me on to Bright Light Bright Light....I have always loved Rob Thomas and really am loving this new stuff!!
Diablo's Cookers will be at Skol Casbar on March 17th selling $20 wristbands for the Strawberry Festival in May. 1701 Webster St, Hou 77003.
Should I listen to Tablo and Epik High?
SEA may be slightly east of pdx , but calling it more inland shows a lack of understanding of PacNW.
River riot tonight.
To enlarge or illustrate this power and effect of love is to set a candle in the sun
James harden is the shit
3rd and 14, Beaver defense steps up to the challenge and sniffs out the screen pass. 4th and long for Ducks at the end of the 1st Quarter
Woo man i've turned into a whiny bitch.
I look at the girls you flirt with and think to myself "Why did you leave me for sluts.?"
Today's Question: The name of which Pudding literally means Burnt Cream?
Thanks for the RT!
When you replay my life, take a shot each time I say something is cool, but don't actually mean in.
Do not manage the rate of failure manage the cost of failure
they came to the digi tour last year if im not mistaking.
Good time throwin a baseball with my new friend Justin tharp
Good morning! Hope everyone had a great weekend! Get the week started off right with an intense workout. Do Work!
Feliz Cumpleaños, corazon! May the RubberMan visit you tonite and make many evil spawns with u ;-) JK Have a blast, kiddo!
If I can talk to you about game of thrones, the walking dead, and TrueBlood
Let the wild rumpus start.
USC Marching Band is killing it to start off the Festival! Let the games begin! Also, confession: glad they're not playing ALL day.
“: Six o'clock comes way to fast” completely agree.
Sleep can wait. There's an NHL playoff game on right now.
on ? I'm f*ckin watchin, that's it.
Natural is beautiful!!!!
I need to stop cursing, oh the fuck am I kidding?
Thanking the opera gods that I have a night to rest before heading into busy weekend of labor negotiations, auditions, MGF and Stern Grove!
I think I like instagram more than twitter. #simplicity 🌻
Welcome to Twitter
I just don't feel the same about life anymore.
Second night of hanukkah. Wish I could find my menorah :(
In #Norfolk for Virginian Railway research. Lots of railroad-related appointments. (hint: it's for a special exhibition Summer 2012)
Amazing! Yours?
They are way cuter by themselves than they are with my feet in them.
I think I'm gonna make a fan video for Austin ♥
Nick and u facebook? -.-
Spending the night with my big brother to enjoy En Vogue at Motor City Casino Hotel Sound Board :-) I love my bro :-)
You know it's a GREAT when by the end of the 1st half you are thinking of submitting…
how was your day, did you cook for your Mum?
I know. If I don't start drinking now, I'm never going to be able to keep up with the other wildlife biologists!
Indeed, it's as though "they" don't know where they are! #openyoureyes LOL
"Colin Munroe Is The Unsung Hero" was such a good mix tape, too bad this hippie ain't put out another tape yet
if I flirt with you, I probably flirt with other people too. im single
what's ur favorite scene in Friends W/Kids?
They call me Mr Crawford when i hit the bank
“: #Legalize Marijuana, or don't. I'll still smoke it.”
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: Donnie Perkins ⁰Rising 9th ⁰Shreveport, LA ⁰Travel Team: Fair Park High School ⁰Shooting Guard 5’10
“: it was babe” no way!! This guy sounded old!!
Beautiful I miss you too! Yes, bilocating has required much prayer and fasting but I've finally achieved it ; )
I've moved a lot at least 8 times..between undergrad, grad school, jobs
LOVE mai people
DM me your email address please
The trouble with not having a goal is that you can spend your life running up and down the field and never score!
where u been cuz
Remember Whitney Houston for the radiant spirit she is, ignore the neg. head press. A single thought of love is a eulogy. Love is a garland
your iPhone skin fell of my phone . IM SUPER GLUING IT NOW ! Yep I said SUPER GLUE ! Hope I don't get in trouble !
Who's coming to Chic-I-Boom? It's going to be a great time, don't miss it! bit.ly/a0ld0Y
when i say "I won't tell anyone" ..that doesn't include my best friend.
About to watch #TheVoice :D
Make sure vendors include security requirements in their SAS-70 reports (or SSAE-16)
Some people still have yet to learn .. IDG1F
19th Street Band is live, the beer is flowing,the first face is clean-shaven! Thanks to for the Sweeney Todd barber!
yes, yes thank you - you too! Thnx for the links
Getting picked up from school early>>>
": My daughter be having a full on conversation every morning about who knows what. <3" gabba gabba goo gabba :D
maybe, the MLB website hasn't changed at all though =/
RT : #Pirates' James Harrison took a no-hitter into the seventh inning on April 25 against the #Rockies. Not a bad start tonigh ...
A9: do a full tour of the south pacific
Great to be following you! Love your purpose and your website.
How do you practice pursuing gratitude?
More people study English in China than speak it in the USA. Craziness!!
Thanks for all of the info today in class! You were tons of help!
Whom have I in heaven but you? And earth has nothing I desire besides you My flesh & my heart may fail but God is the strength of my heart &
Oh Matt we need to speak to you about #BestBuzz we will change your mind, I promise :)
you are most welcome! - we missed you!
If you don't smoke weed, you should make it a new years resolution
Ugh thursday needs to hurry up.
thats yu i saw today in hat car?????
That was the best Mad Men commercial ever!
In the Republican Pledge of Allegiance, they leave off the "with liberty and justice for all" part.
those bastards! Lol
This. RT : Happy 2 yr anniversary to - best 2 years I could ask for. Love you!
Now at 367. Wow!
i got the GOLDEN ticket to go vaca w/justin bieber!!!!!!!!!!!
I DON'T blame you I feel the same way about mostly ALL of them!
Lol everybody hate each other now ! That big stack of cards!
It's fun, but also challenging - luckily management let this position evolve considering our needs.
It's a start. Keep at it. Best wishes. Rob
My following to followers ratio SUCKS ASS!!! lol :( sadface Someone help me out
The queens, kings and jacks are starting to gathering in the tournament area.
How sweet it is. Just scored a free bag of Garrett popcorn at "Do you need a social media policy?" session
hope everything goes okay
exactly. It's embarrassing and unprofessional.
Multi cod tomorrow! ;D
Drawing has commenced. Wish our galleries were this packed all the time!
Even tho you may not have faith in faith, faith has faith in you.
The whale special is on again this morning! It's so crazy beautiful- work can wait a little longer... Ahh no it'll be on again later...
“: u #googleballin yet?” Lmao! No not yet!
Open Mic tonight!
Star Mentors is excited to support the Wounded Warrior Project. Goto www.starmentors Com. Support our brave men and women.
Haven't tweeted in days ....
I cried because you're a pathetic teenage girl with a penis.
When you sell a quality you don't have to soft sale with guarantees of FREE trials. A proven track records & recommendations do the selling.
“: Giants deserve the win, the Packers earn the loss, Joe Buck I will always hate YOU.....” THIS
"Have you always hunted with your hands? Can you show me what you've done? (...) If you catch it, can you kill it?"
Bill Simmons wife tweets about Bachelor
Tats all on me. Money all on me. Foot loccer my next stop I had to get dis cash off me
Don't fool yourself that important things can be put off till tomorrow; they can be put off forever, or not at all. :) hehe
I'm loving this weather.
Sleep quote- Leonardo DaVinci- A well-spent day brings happy sleep.
is not leaving everything in Texas, he's taking everything with him!! :)
your mom and my mom pick us up after cause i dont wanna take the smelly bus
Ha! RT Two quarters of SuperBowl and the strongest performer is Madonna...
A billion here a billion there, don't about the middle class. We work them for little pay no benefits and we take the profits.
blood diamond is so good
Haha! Now I'm scared to know what that is.
Technology helps opens up Titanic's secrets (2:43) - Washington Post
thank you! :)
Time for bed. Loving my new toys from Amazon delivery. Hope for good day tomorrow!
Nor I Dave...
Seniors last day today! #bittersweet wish I was there! See you all at senior banquet though!
I feel you. When time change, so do a few friendships.
studying at caribou tonight. would love someone to join me
the entire ESPN network has been riding this story, which is 24 hrs. old now. I don't buy the MIA storyline.
Thanks for the follow, hope to see you at Girl Power Hour!
At least I realized I miss cable before the NBA finals.
buxom lip plumper is the shit. love that stuff.
Lead talent Mike Reeping is now on twitter:
It's not top secret anymore...you just tweeted it out!
I'm sad
Did you know a meeting is coming up on April 19th, mark your calendars!
did you get my text? I need help, hymns...
I can show u around with p diddy
Yes it will be different, yes it will be odd, but most importantly it will be
Excited for my shoot with on Tuesday! It's been too long since we shot together!
I didnt unfollow you on purpose! I did it by mistake & then followed you back right after! :)
How was Everyone's holiday?!
“Gratitude makes sense of our past, brings peace for today, and creates a vision for tomorrow.” ~Melody Beattie
Niggas follow dumb shit like they're lemmings!
Practice forgiveness. It will set you free.
cheers to the freakin' weekend. < i think i say that every friday.
lol yes (: haha how you been ?
Have you tried deep water running in a pool? If you can get your arm wet, it could be a good no impact alternative.
Hi! Thanks for reaching out - will check out your site - stay tuned.
My terror twin and I let's take over the world
There's only one solution to the playoff dilemma and that is to not have a playoff in the first place.
I don't give something for nothing. U ain't even fought about giving me a gift. U just want want want...Smh...lol
Disappointed to see Chris Brown on #DWTS. Especially when he's described as "phenomenal". Plan on inviting Mel Gibson next?
Just landed in NYC for the week...Great to be back! Woohooo!
Love seeing client growth! One person from an IT mfg client found $80K in new revenue during the last #Leadership Training for Managers!
Still some availability for November & December, discounts apply!! orangegrovesvilla.com
Buckling down on being productive. If anyone has advice or an obnoxious self-help book, let me know!
high caliber... ya mom keeps page'n me...
The Knicks looking hopeless , I still want em to win .
So... If The World Does End In 2012, Then I Have Waisted My Whole Life In School.
TRAFFIC: Jack knifed semi Eb I90/94 @ the Badger Interchange
I have no idea. I wish.
Forget the taste of me and follow your instinct
Wow! Joshua. That may be one if the best performances I have ever seen on American #Idol!
The #Flyers changed their line literally two seconds into the game, but it didn't work. We'll see if the #Pens have learned anything.
Wow, Check out the blog: Why the F*** do you have Kids?
Is it usually there all year? I've never noticed it before!
i got flaws yea im working on them to but knowing you having a problem an not tryna fix it is a big difference
aha. I remember when he 1st said that I'd be like ' wow were getting serious ' but no, he's just getting way to comfortable!
I grew up there... Beauful place to visit. Have fun!
glad I still don't have cable and didn't have to see it at all...
I'm allergic to failure
tell us more! where was he sitting/where were you sitting?
But this isn't empowerment! It is a way men control sexual & reproductive lives of women...and so is slut-shaming btw, Rush #Limbaugh (3of6)
In the 9 o'clock hour: Alex Diaz Merengue Jazz NEW + Music from our 3 CD Latin Jazz Bundle & mre. Jazz 88
thx for the follow!
victory bell! Suite 10 seat 3
1 more show @ The Little Bear Saloon - tonight from 5-9pm. Headed back to Texas tomorrow...
My Facebook account was hacked... Grrrrrrrrr.
Everybody in the #DMV should be following by now #thatboygood go download his new mixtape its a classic
New show announcement! Playing Continental Club-Houston on July 9th! Hope to see many of you there, more details when we get them.
The block of granite which was an obstacle in the path of the weak, becomes a stepping-stone in the path of the strong. --Thomas Carlyle
soon com bak....
After twelve years of therapy my psychiatrist said something that brought tears to my eyes. He said, "No hablo ingles."
hot dogs in rice cookers
"In Cincinnati the girls call me daddy"- Fred Durst
to all you One Direction fans..how old are they..?
I had three ice cream cones today. #trueconfessions FYI...this was in addition to three meals.
Jus wakin up finna get ready for this interview.. wish me luckk
That's genius.
all summer camp themes done! Find us at our studio's in Novato, JCC, Marinwood Rec. and I am looking for a place in Mill Valley. Anyone?
penguin on the shoulder? What about the penguin in the booth..
you keep pushing me away. & i'm slowly becoming okay with it.
all day today and tomorrow
neglect's harder to detect & respond to than attacks. NPOs diminish without protest. Remember the frog in boiling water?
Best of luck today to and the U16 RAS Milwaukee team! You do good things Tony; I'm impressed ;-)
Not looking forward to the shopping that still needs to be done :(
Thanks Krisy! So glad you liked our SNL spot! :):)
Mitch, you just made my day! RT: Why is not on #MadMen? Explain, !
they're talking about big 12 expansion on the other station which again is better than suicide talk
Thanks for the links dude!!
So Odom pouts his way out of Dallas just like Fisher did in Houston. Its a broken league when guys can quit if they dont play for LA or MIA.
What was your biggest bridal splurge?
"When the game is over I just want to look in the mirror, win or lose, and know I gave it everything I had." -Joe Montana
All the weight goes to my boobs! Having a big boob week.
back in San Diego in July. >.<
Hey! i love you :3 #belieber Follow me please Justin :) 18
The Cauldron was never that loud when shouting that word... Course, it's the whole stadium yelling it...
oh. my. gosh. Was not expecting that.
Love and cherish or honor should be part of your wedding vows—but not OBEY. Only women are the ones whose vows include “obey.”
finished one in Norman Saturday doing a remodel in Windsor Hills next!!!!! Call us if you need good reliable help!!!
I'm not sure what you mean by that.
I was JUST there last weekend lol
Locking down new partners. Business looks strong right now.
love how versatile this dress is! And I too love wearing Tshirts with knots!:-)
NBA IS BACK!
Thanks to the lord that we are cut from the same cloth on that one. lol
I love kingsley hahha.GHETTO VERISON OF CALL ME MAYBE " HEY NIGGA WE JUST MEET IN DAH CLUB HERES MY NUMBER SO HIT ME UP" weak af
hey i am new to twitter i was wondering if i could get a shoutout or somthing? thanks so much
Screw it, I'm just going to say it: I love Facebook and I love and I think this deal is wonderful for both of them.
I need a kick in the ass. Somebody please kick me in the ass.
I just saw a black guy in panera
What is your favorite movie quote? Mine of course is Mr Patrick Swayze from Roadhouse, "Be nice"
Thanks for the follow -- love to connect with other entrepreneurs
Less learning more earning......
I suspect I'll fail the quiz :-) haven't looked at the details in some time :-0
I need to stop tweeting when I've been drinking.
Even when they do not "follow" you, they are tracing the footsteps of your every tweet, waiting for a moment to use it against you.
yeah aj gerevics is a tool.
The best part of today: my nose appears to have quit running after nearly a month of allergy induced torture.
Creating a GDoc of C19 kitchen references based on feedbk from listserv. LMK if you have anything to add or want a copy!
...and please remember, most writers don't actually enjoy doing all this promo stuff. except maybe (it's a joke, joe :P)
You have to experience the bad to know what’s good.
Basically, from the viewpoint of real human value we are all the same
cheers to that! how'd you like the show?
Kickin back puffin a cigar like a g thinkin back on my past and how much has changed.
Damn why is my TL full of lil b RT.
What is your fav Keystone matchup?
I'm still here haha is my mom almost done
they run in my life.. I get them all
Fuck LOVE #CHURCH!
We will be posting new music on our FB Tomorrow! Check it out! (tomorrow)
2 in your name in will call my friend
belieber will always belieb in Justin
I have a six word activity that I like to do with my qualitative research class when I have time. I love these.
it was so amazing!!! :)
We have added two more OpenVPN servers in San Francisco - vpn34 and vpn35 , they are available now in your customer area.
I love bacon.
Really, interesting. I've heard you can get it at Walmart.
I suffer from the same saga. Not fun. Good luck, girlfriend.
It's President's Day!! Maybe this question is a little heavy but.. who are you gonna vote for this November?
Excited about her valentine day class party, my 1st grader promised, " yeah, we're going to boogie...around our classroom". Such joy.
We are so proud of all of you guys! Keep going!
I'm not living right
(cont) one stop light hes blasting GnR Sweet Child O Mine. Me: still in tears* Guy: WHERE DO WE GO NOW OH WHERE DO WE GO NOW
HM... just me or did we need body double for POTUS? Hairy chest yuck
Check out to see what local museums are participating in Kids Free in October
Reaching out for a chocolate square when in need of a little pick-me-up? What & how women eat is closely tied to your emotional state!
Happy Sunday! Great day to check out what's new at www.knowledgesafari.com
I'm up this afternoon at the HOW Interactive Design Conference, talking about Type on the Web: do's, don'ts and maybes. Over 600...
Good morning America doing a salute to the 80s next week! Remember those tube sock up to the knees :)?
I LOVE Up All Night♥ massive internet hug to you ♥
he just called me gay ...Say what you want to but shawty was bad, lol
I might pick up a new one soon. I know a guy who can get candies and they are fucking amazing
RT : Little known Jen fact: I used to be a child model for Izod Lacoste.
I just started. It took me awhile to see that it was possible.
for real!
Congrats to our friends over at whose new app #Jittergram just got featured in the app store. That hashtag just got busy!
I had to think about that one.
Nails painted badly! Woo!
The Republican clowns seem from another non related universe! It seems like they live in a fantasy land of their own invention
that show sucks now, THAT show should be cancelled, not all the shows that are being cancelled
Hello Tweeters!!!
I Hate That When I Look So Cute & I'm At The Mall No Guys That I Like Are There But When I'm A Total Hot Mess....!!!!
Forecast for Friday Night: Partly cloudy in the evening. Becoming cloudy. Patchy fog overnight. Lows 55 to 61.
Where's nick? I miss him. We got into a fight today and haven't talked since then :(
bahahaha!! Best line of the whole movie.
Again, I didn't catch one dern fish. The water seemed pretty shallow off the dock. My little friend caught about 7 tiny fish using worms.
Not just yet-still on hold :( : is Jay hooking you up? LOL
did you check out yet?!?
a vexing quandry indeed
YES! YES! YES! YES!
inline comment of the day: //first one is min by default - booyah
'fireflies' came on my itunes shuffle this morning after ages. it's still deffo about being on crack...
I'm post op pterygium removal 13 days ago: pterygiumrecovery.blogspot.com has everything you want to know from my experience
Yeah but I dont think I would pay 30 bucks to be grinded on by 16 year olds haha
Kiss her neck down to her stomache
Yes! Dust 514 is a massive game changer.
Bizarre dreams.
You dont know? I'm a man united fan..every game they don't play against messi
Citi dropping 9.78% is reminder they're still in race to 0 despite 10 to 1 reverse split. Financial czars desperate to find rescue for banks
A bold claim, methinks. True...but bold. ;)
I'll be happy if we both get the W all i know is at least one of them will make it to the playoffs fo sure lol
sorry lady! I've been off twitter awhile. Still need?
your main photo is epic!! Thanks for sharing and hello :-) !
Enjoy the conference at TCD, Orla--a busy fortnight for DH in Ireland!
downloaded bro it's awesome man
American Bandstand, $100,000 Pyramid, Bloopers & Practical Jokes, New Years Rockin' Eve and about 309 other TV classics. RIP Dick Clark
ABC shot an episode of new show "You Deserve It" in our dining room last night, benefiting a wounded warrior. Episode airing Thxgiving time.
RT we used to be best friends, now we dont even say hi to eachother in the hallway
So ready for some vino and watching comedy 2night w/my bf
I'm sure was thrilled to be photographed in front of that masterpiece of awkwardness!
Just gave 4 ed tech workshops in Australia. Great place, but it is good to be back home.
haha. Nice :D
The dreaded lunch hour is upon us. Time to go back in and make these hungry bitches some biscuits
We think it's awesome!
#dcquake i felt the shake in SE dc, it woke me out my sleep i thought "the earth is shaking", went to the bathroom and went back to sleep..
OH OK HOW LONG U GOING TO WALK
If you wanna see the name that I use to be called before I became a rapper send me a message n ill reply with my Name ok
Badge of honor!
beep, beep Good for DNail! I'll read when I'm off the desk :)
#vsa2011 great resources being shared! www.socialresearchmethods.net/kb/
thanks. Definitely scary, but nothing taken and nobody hurt, so could have been a lot worse.
I've been caught running my hand on printed shirts at the mall. It's awkward, but I have to do it! I'm sure all of you do the same. :)
about to go check out the waves!
Hey...I'm not the best at Twitter, so I missed these posts. Sorry about that and thanks for the support!
go For the purple one !!!
#Chargers finally have a running game again. Love it.
“: Join us this afternoon at 2:30 to see how you can serve at the church.”
it's for our PBK summer reading table- basically what will be on the PBK best seller lists for June-aug
my point is avg people are losing anything but psychological wages in doing so
I am in love with
Too bad for that was a must have game there.
Traffic in Nashville TN. sucks
If was like crack,then I'm a junkie,and I'm about to get my fix in about ten minutes.Lol
mine came with a guide book but I only read the intro
online portfolio: www.michaelcalixtro.com
gotta love it when the google adwords interface crashes inside google chrome
Get rid of schools not offering what you desire in online college programs. Search extensively to be completely satisfied...
looking in the mirror again?
RT : Rep. Joe Hubbard: We've got to get back to fiscal sanity. Both democrats and republicans are responsible.
I feel your pain “: #TypeYourNameWithoutVowels is fucking retarded”
San Francisco Mayor Ed Lee greets Federal Advisory Committee on 21st Century Conservation Service Corps at its second meeting
incredible #NationalAnthem today. I'll be checking out more of your music!!
I'm a liberal with no party I can believe in
LIKE YOUR BEER BUT ALSO YOUR WAISTLINE? Pick your beverage of choice… Full list of cals/carbs/alcohol for imported & domestic beers http://…
I'm looking for college teaching jobs, several of them in the Midwest!
#ThingsNotToDoOnPublicTransportation 1-Use disrespectful language 2-Display your intoxication 3-Forget children and families ride, too
Hello Seattle Tweeps. Sorry 4 lack of tweets. Eldest daughter (& 1st born) married this wkend. Sun came out just in time. gotta sell paninis
RT : "[In education], asking if technology works is like asking if a library works." - at (cc )
Ugh it's barley Thursday
I really hope follows me or gives me a Shoutout....I <3 him.
It always taste better when someone else cooks mother's meals
RT "FF " omg - i am so honored i got my very own #FF mention!!!!
Aroldis Chapman just blew Bryce Harper away with a 100 MPH fastball.
What will you do with your free time? : )
For people who decry the unnatural with such vehemence, the Republicans sure hate the natural functions of the human body.
Union Station: from beautiful wedding set up in the Grand Hall to wasted obnoxious suburban bro Cubs' fans outside the Snuggery.
Congrats to all for an amazing LA premiere last night. I don't have the words for everyone that came to support.
okay at least someone loved me
Smith: Class has not been well-served by intersectionality, it has been lost in some way. Great point.
Trying to Skype a ladybug, but can't, as neither of us knows what Skype is.
Agreed!!! RT : They would be perfect for Kitchen Play!
is all over my facebook timeline! lol NYC mahomies must be happy.
it figures
Oh! I'm gonna do that today RT : Should put "Get virtually nothing done" on my to do list. Then I could check it off.
In the arena... with a dagger! RT : Butler did it!
|#quotes We are not animals. We are not a product of what has happened to us in our past. We have the power of choice.
Friday The 13th :)
nelson cruz is unreal
Bulls taking Game 1 ;D
#Happy Earth Day and #god bless the amazing beautiful #Earth World :)
ninety ninety seven. The year of the finest.
When did the Penguins become the Canucks? Hair pulling really???
Love today like never before. See the CHRIST in me and love me inspite of myself. W.globalmusic4life.com.
word up. U still hoop?
Since Tom Hanks has no friends she should book it down here with some food for me like a cool kid
Last week stopped five trustee sales. Removed 30 day lates from a client's credit report. Seriously debated with a regulatory bureaucrat.
the whole hook is about you dawg.
U know you're interviewing a farmer when the interview is wrapped up before 6 a.m. ... Tommy Speer knocked off UFC vet in Iowa on Saturday
Choice STILL defines who you are...BE CHOOSEY!!!
listening to all day long has made my day infinitely better.
Thank you for the warm welcome!
I wanna dance with Whitney! R.I.P.
What tastes like a Marguerita but has 75% fewer calories? The Skinny Marguerita (100 calories) at in !
What? No CV? Disappointed :( I was sure I'd be seeing you at city hall soon. But congrats!
You are wise! M, Boulevard.
Reading about 18th century Barbary pirates.
Thank you for informing us of One of my employees brought this to me, we will look into it. Looks promising.
Also he made a nom nom noise.
Gonna rock this day running on Seaco coffee...let's do this.
she gone bend it over, hands on her knees
finished this morning. i'd give it 6.5/10. super quick read.
I hear it but I don't see it
is there any good batch mp3 taggers out there for OSX that are free? i cant find any at all...
how can i forget you, and our perfect moments at pool, at your birthday ... ?
RT : The Kardashian's are so talented!
Idea for a business name for a Siding company "Steel Team Six".
Day 2 juice fast no coffee. Tired.
I love my new house and hanging by the fireplace when its cold Like this.
HAPPY B-DAY!!,have a great day
I think the boys need a rockstar at halftime.
Awesome. Kudos on your win and for being a good dad, too. Thanks for the response.
i am not slow is lol just one more thing for me to be adicted to lol i need a smartphone
Happy Cinco De Mayo! Enjoy $5 Espolon Tequila Margaritas today on our fiesta menu!
false I think I should be thanking you I love that never lose you song and I still can't wait to #losecontrol !!
Citrix can suck a fat one. Glad someone else thinks it sucks.
you mean that guy that ran the Olympics 10 years ago ? He's a pretty man.
Zayn is my prince . (':
Great night at Beso with :)
Nothing like a regrettable wake-up call from life to make you question how you make use of your potential.
Oh you got to see Iron Man2 Hulk Captain America and Thor before the Avengers.
Dulles South Youth Football will HELMET-FREE-TACKLE Certify entire program for 2nd year in a row. Leadership & Accountability in action
is that you, Jim Taylor?
I need a massage...my shoulder hurts...):
Thanks for sharing!
or Showtime
The Twisted Animated Take On Amare Stoudemire Versus The Fire Extinguisher (Video)
Can I get the tix on Friday, or do we need to get them ahead of time??
If you wish to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first invent the universe. ~ Carl Sagan
Everything will be ok in the end, if it's not ok, it's not the end.
Good Morning #Seoul. Up for a productive day of meetings in prep for the #LatinFinance Latin America Korea Investors Forum #LAKIF in Sept.
The truth is what is; what should be is a dirty lie.
I LOVE !! they got some funny chiz. what the heck is chiz anyways??? IT SOUNDS LIKE A GERMAN SAUSAGE :D
is the shit so quit you're complaining
#HoodAwardCategories Least times evicted
They crazy Going on Westbrook shirt,!
#Prosperitas - Latin word meaning success. How would you define your personal #success? For me it's the rich feeling of
Great article in this months on keep up the great work Matt!
Cooking dinner time : 0
Life is the flower for which love is the honey
We use erythritol, stevia and luo han. Not as common as other sweeteners but ZERO digests to glucose & no Laxative FX
Thank you, Chad & Xavier!!
It's hot AF
It is difficult (not impossible) to carry a bulky pkg of matzos home on the bicycle without panniers or a rack. I need a rack...
I'm that way—sometimes the chance to publicly tweak a moron is too fun or makes too important a point to pass up.
No clue. I'll probably still do occasional Chuck shots, but I do need to find a new photograph quirk to amuse myself with :)
Hey All! We still have seats open tonight at 7:30! $12/person + drink specials for 2 hours in #fellspoint! Thursday Funday!
no tears!
thats a foursome. like golf
you're so right! Halfway through season2 and so much is happening... I must catch up!
How are all my Tweeps doing? i require engagement!
but you're too busy?
The Dells were some singin fellas! "The Love We Had (Stays On My Mind)"
gave me a nickname - Ashley "Lights Out" Maria - on the set of
I get in trouble for it too.
I have a new found love for silent movies and Buster Keaton. But mostly for Buster Keaton.
to #nurses on support 4 #singlepayer: "I don't think of it as socialized medicine. I think of it as Christianized medicine."
I'm feeling very grateful for life & just want to say I love my sister & my husband! Have a great weekend everyone!
The legion of Angels answered my prayers.
I feel the FIRE of the Lord burning in. My soul...
watching inaug reruns. I missed it live
That's a funny looking dog
oh, I'm not complaining
Halloween! Love it!!
DFW>IAD>ABE. Leaving 80 degrees but going home.
#kids Les Miserables, School Edition at Plano Children's Theatre, Sat, May 19 2:15p: Les Mis is a story of love and loss set against...
Great point!
He stole my heart. So I'm going to take revenge and still his last name.
I'm trying to be better than I was yesterday.
Well, here goes any chance of cleaning today.
Busy day!!! 8 this morning to 9 at night work!! 0.0 wish me luck!!
ik that song
Take as much time on the creation kit as you need. When it's released, my business productivity is going down the drain.
it's on family connection!!!!!
Pink moscato M
I probably know more shit then you ever will throughout your whole life. #IHaveTheLooks #AndTheBrains. Bitch ass nigga. Shit..
It's been a #PaulSimon day so far which generally translates to a pretty good day!
if you have an overbite, wearing a gold grill is being counterproductive.
Clock management, McCarthy?
Scott Walker for President
remember when websites were single 5 page basic sites with some animated gifs...oh where we have come from :)
I'd love to connect with some more mamas with ADHD or parents of kids with ADHD
Quick, I need someone to explain the "stand your ground" law or how to make 17 gunshots in a gluten-free enthusiast look self inflicted.
let's do something this weekend ?
Looking forward to it. Cheers!
OMG it was the moose .
I am never eating taco bell again
Yikes, hope you are kidding! Have fun! RT Bulls game tonight. Going to get all sorts of drunk and murder Tyler Hansborough.
agreed. and christians. sadly, you and i may be in the minority here...
Mexican Dude Ran Up On Me For No Reason And Pulled on Me
Please use #USCEdGrad to tweet about #USC Rossier Commencement. Congrats, all!!
If you fight like a married couple, talk like best friends, flirt like first loves, & protect each other like siblings; its meant to be!!!
Happy Birthday! XD
great performance w/ Little Surfer Girl!
Lets Go Gophers ... Lets Go Gophers ... Lets Go Gophers RT : With #MarchMadness over bring on #FrozenFour Go #Gophers!!!
Hmm. Which Focalink double - the Forte or the Dolce?
My mom told me that she doesn't like my short hair -_- then why you didn't say anything before ?
dont pay attention to the last tweet but if you need help so you wont be sad tweet me kk
OMG. People at my school know who you are. You're popular. ♥ LMAO. And soon you will be known to the whole world. Believe~
Seattle we're open now til 4p today. Stop by 4 breakfast, lunch, paninis, salads, cafe Umbria, & pastries or 2 C Facebook's new bldg (ours)
#FF Follow our European Team for updates, events and news on our European business!
the one from dade? Your gross bro
Cheshire you're loved loved one's cause u never know when they will be taken. R.I.P to my grandma and my son Nasir
RT "On the forf of thuhlie". Yeah, that's it.
It's terrible. And it illustrates many things I want to say about genre, about authoring discourses, about gender & politics.
“: My lips are the gun. My smile is the trigger. My kisses are the bullets. Label me a killer.”
Coconut water tastes like shit!
I just remembered it's friday the 13th. o:
Working the MVP Party at Lambeau then heading in for the game in a suite provided by Karl's Event Rental! Thanks much ! Go Pack!!
New marketing idea? Blake Shelton brand disposable clothing! : This is bullshit! Clothes should be disposable like toilet paper
Seriously? You'll be there forever...
I've used SuperSaas for that kind of stuff. Works great.
I find myself to be pretty. Never hot
Yes, I love him.
must read THE HOUSE IN THE NIGHT and the printz winner JELLICOE ROAD. from what i read, i think i might like everything by Melina Marchetta
Nothing says health and care like "federal mandate"
Good morning all you wonderful peeps
#NASCAR fans - what is your favorite race track? Mine is
The simplicity of Google Talk is amazing. We had a group conference on Google+.... Smart thinking Google.
Ultimate WarriOrange Juice
Check out for the latest in #EDM in NC. The next couple of months will be #EPIC. , ,
Lots o' tweeting about this being a crappy Monday morn. Mine too is off to a rocky start.
Ok, I’ll let you put my sand in your toes if promise to properly dispose of your cans when you’re done :)
Call and speak with one of our online media consultants about getting 1st page placement on Google places. (949) 407-6253
#shoutouttothegirlsthat want to wear their Chuck Taylor's under their wedding dresses. The grinners & unprofessional dancers!
I'm thinking about taking your shuttle to the game on Tuesday. What time does it leave?
okay I don't understand why she would want him back. Does she know he cheats on girls
RT let me know what you deserve...
Hahahaha i love watching people zumba
Great bounce back win by the #CUSE tonight. Still hard to believe we dropped all the way to numbr 4 though. Nice W either way
cake fag
WoW I wasn't even spinnin at that time, but ok lol
#positivity is seriously the most important thing inlife. People in the worst areas may say shut the fuck up, were trying 2bring awareness
Jonathan Spector comes on, my optimism of a win sinks a little....
dont do what?
Way to bring it Wolf, good effort.
Saw this dudes mustache that looked like it had a pulse\if he shaved it off it'd sever a main artery.
February 21st (Day 21) Breakfast Chocolate Brownie Clif Bar, Poland Spring Water
ur cool with ur tobacco post
My day has been so packed that I can barely keep my eyes open. But I'm not done until at least 10 p.m.
What's up souf side.... ? How was ur week ?
I just waited on the man of my dreams. He's a videographer, funny, tall, handsome and married...DAMMIT.
4 cartons of lemonade in the fridge. Summers almost here.
M Goodmorning world! Guess I should get up!
good luck brian wish i culd come 2 c and hear ya play im a big fan but i will b there in heart and spirit :) peach!
#t-mobile hell is spending 20 mins in their customer disservice phone loop trying to get a simple question answered! Oh, & web sys broke 2!
Me trying to be incognito on twitter is really not going well ;) LOL
I really need to stop texting people to makeout when I'm drunk. There's gonna be a day when 5 diff dudes show up at my house at 3 am.
lets hope :] you've probably watched the korea performances?
next get the presso hand espresso machine
thank you. <3
We're getting psyched for #CTIAw12 next week! Attending? Be sure to check out the booth: 2633! (cc: )
Christmas is coming...TisTheSeason for your heat 2 go out.Give us a call 4 all your RepairNeeds.We also give FreeAdvice via twitter/e-mail.
"don't you worry bout it I got this, don't you worry bout it I got this!" listening to getting us through the long drive :)
I hope when my Mom visits she doesn't notice the 300 conveniently sized Dixie cups she bought are gone when only 1/4 of my mouth wash is.
Omg annoying stfu
outra town Charlie Brown :)
Impressive registering neigbors to vote as you meet them
I enjoy writing letters c: .
Lolol. So basically you made Ur bed ?
thanks for the follow guys! I appreciate the support. Help is get our name out there, & RT!
i guess you could say its the day everyone who smokes pot skips school and gets blazed
Unfortunately, yes. I have a call in to the City Engineer. Fortunately, my car was not parked in front yesterday.
i think ima jus go get my shit from walmart , & grab somethin to eat on the way back and stay my moody ass in the house .
I love how you promise me we'll go to Cashion and then you go without me.... I've wanted to go since I was 9... I wanna cry now.. Thanks...
Finished my league golf round at genesee valley park. Wondering how there were scattered mud puddles. We haven't had rain in weeks.
learning about game theory on iTunesU and processing a collection with original Lincoln Center plans...Monday is turning out to be great!
Uhm... EVERYBODY knows that Miranda Lambert is one of the stars of country music. Please up your #popculture game. :-)
I really want a cookie dough blizzard. Someone bring me one
:( Hope everything is okay!
"and ON tonight". "and ON this monin"
Beijing, Hong Kong, Singapore, Jakarta - only half way done. Can't wait for Friday in Coronado!
LOS CHIDOS = 1st flick all Fest I've considered walking out of. Like a Lynch-ian student project by a mentally handicapped, deaf chimpanzee
Just had an amazing meal at Red Rooster Harlem. Crab cakes, steak frites (w/ bone marrow and crab) and sweet potato donuts
Thursday (y) last day of the week this week
Every new beginning comes from some other beginning's end.
how do they get shout-outs!!?
I realized that you have to put yourself first all the time because no one else will....
In the OLP webinar now w/Ari Kaplan on Standing Out in Stagnant Economy. Absolutely fascinating!
alright bro. good luck with that. I've been trying for years hahaha
Turns 25 on the 25. I always thought I'd be horrified but I'm actually excited!
(While watching That 70s show) Fez: I'd like to park my car in her garage. Hahahaha man that show makes me laugh xD
if only you were artsy! I heard you flunked #fingerprinting in preschool
is sad... first time in 2 years.
Those banner colors: white, white, white, and taupe.
FIGHTING FOR NOTHING BUT THE BEST IN MY LIFE....
Great on the clock trying to tweet
Remington Capital Can 'Bridge' Your Loan Requirements.Banks aren't your best bet. Traditional lenders aren't known for being quick.
I found four chips ahoy. My day has been made.
omg i just realized im past 700 followers :O gonna have to do ANOTHER live chat some time. proly this weekend :)
i just want to go out already
Her name is Munn...Olivia Munn...She loves pie...
It isn't extremity of fortune
GOODNIGHT Mikey^_^
home business idea
lmao is all telling me to hurry and i'm like whatevs, but the second she says cool math games im like oh shit! (x
Haircut at 7 today, finally.
For 5 yrs David Vasquez has playd timbales wth www.ljye.com .Today was his graduation party and I spoke. His Dad Hiram and I wept. Pride Joy
I know I see you everyday at school and all, but I'm uber excited to hang out tonight
I'd rather have Mo out for a year then out for good.
Last week Wednesday we tapped 's Black Iron I.B.A! This beer is now flown' so get in here and try it!
<333 say something to me on ustream lol . i texted u today ;D #wellersrule !shoutouutttt ! :P
Listen tonight to my Jewish radio show- Shirim - 8-10pm Eastern Time - www.wcuw.org streaming live - we're chaving a chanukah party!
Nice to flip to someone's profile page and see Hagler. Cheers.
Love it! RT : 70.9 here at my house in se portland!
"I love my tits slathered in crimson." What the fuck did I just read?
So um yeahh me & is hittin this party up tonight! Gone be some memories tonight
The Shins station on is not not bringing a smile to my face today
Q: What did the hungry Dalmatian say when he had a meal? A: That hit the spots!
Made it to Albuquerque. Drove through some wonderful rain!
YP, I planning on doing some speaking this Summer. Would love to book a night w/ you & minister w your students. DM me!
haha I agree with that. Could give him one for the last sb though with 21 on ir.
My body is aching!!!!!! I need a massage!!!
Weekend Over :(
Hope you guys like the bracelets and jewelry by
same, we just bought it bc we love them, but last night my stomach did not go well with them :( usually im fine
#ICantDateSomeoneThat says the word "mischievous" like "mischievious". You can't just add extra letters. What's next, extra lovers?!
Man that muthafukkahhh go hard af! U Gotta Feel Me (H-Town) Throw yo shit up! Where my H town at?
Damn #oomf is about to get in..
“: love what the #royals have done so far. #sanchez, #broxton, #chen”
Dear nausea you are free to leave me anytime now ...
who needs those groupon wannabes in DC. I'm ready to rock.
Thanks for the K!
Google Places Breaks-Heads up if you have/manage Google Places account(s), seems to be some issues recently with reviews, listings breaking
that helps me relax and get calmer and eventually fall asleep xD i like that feeling
I tell people this all the time, If you don't want your feelings hurt stop tweet watching & get a new hobby.
Would you put up with people you know now if you had only meet them today?
what are you wearing and did you win???
GREAT GOAL, HAVLAT!
Damn that's disappointing....
I have no idea. It looks fun though. Do you know anyone who lives there?
I'm back on my grind...ugh ( Rick Ross voice )
How can they possibly have not yet learned that their modifications never ever work???
its hot as hell in this house
Lots of repeat customers.
How is 330,000 dollars zero risk? More like minimal risk.
Sitting in a hospital waiting room makes you realize your problems aren't that important
Oh, you changed my name in your phone to "bitch?" \m/
morning to you too man... Praying for all the success in the world still for u cus u deserve it have a good day
John Mayer is amazing.
These allergies are killing me #hatebeingsick😷
If you finish this month strong, you end 1st quarter of 2012 strong. Do whatever it takes now to be in a position to do what you want later
Thank you for stopping by last night- it was an honor having you at our bar.
hey sis i need a wake up call @ 6...thanks!
I don't really fuck with that. Don't hit me up only you want advice/help/or when you need a friend... I hate that shit.
like I'm one of his his bby mamas fck outta here
Thanks for selecting us! Now we've got wings!! I'll keep everyone posted on the fun to come. cheers
So, last time for auditions I changed clothes in a grocery store...this time it was a Chinese restaurant! LOL!
We had such a great day celebrating your birthday SIR Packy!
Finally my weekend! Commercial audition, Krav Maga and two flag football games this afternoon! Going home to get some sleep before it all!
I hate when people text me first and then don't keep the conversation going.
Not having a fantastic technology day. Who needs computers and phones anyways?
Now that was a little much! You need to find the middle.
Happy birthday !
Who's ready for at Noon? Starts in 30 minutes with the ever-lovely duo & !
a hard trait for most young leaders. How do we help them grow I this character trait?
Just left this job fair. I love when its obvious my resume/presentation shits on everyone else. Almost positive I'm gonna get another offer
Really tired.!!
Brausse Group is offering 1 40" automatic die cutter, model 1050SE at discounted price to any Buyer that can take delivery in next 30 days.
Where are all the weird funny crazy people like me when you need'em?
Heard a rumor that if we brewed enough Summer Brew, it would turn spring into summer. We're currently testing this rumor.
You are one lucky mofo! Lol
Talk by Mark B. Brown "Is Climate Change Good for Democracy" at 7:30pm in the JO Performance Hall today. Join us.
I can't bring myself to buy honey that's not in a honey bear.
If you r gonna have a long ass convo on twitter just DM that is why it is there
Oh I agree, but honestly I have no idea what motivates voters with this award anymore. Maybe exposure, but who knows.
All I want for christmas is a wurly. I even have a spot for it...
I bet you are
thanks, I'm in class now, were about to get our tests back. This is always the more nerve-racking part.
Instant addict: trying to devour the entire podcast library in one go.
is it volume?
Ha ha! Awesome! I'm gonna see if I can take this chair from Uncle Tom while I'm down there.
Romney still strong, Huntsman needs a 2nd look, Santorum is similar to W, Paul is crazy, Newt is phony, and Perry shows too little too late.
MAKE SURE YOU TAKE YOUR SUPPLEMENTS OVER THE HOLS A – 3500iu E – 30iu Calcium – 200mg in multi vit – then 600mg at least 2hrs later with...
Didn't I see you on Chat Roulette you dirty dirty person?
Getting in the bath and turining into a lobster but stepping out into Antartica.
Absolutely cannot listen to music while doing academic writing or reading. I pay too much attention to the music.
What's with the egg profile pic. Represent dammit!
I asked for your book and got it. Can't wait to read it further than the sample!.. Merry Christmas!!!
With my girl(:
geez Austin u get up late!! Haha so do I on weekends and when I have breaks!!:D
U gotta take advantage of the days off
I'm quitting my job and you can have it
Brb too busy strutting like to care about you ~
Thanks Jane. We don't get to hear that enough. :)
Yeah me too, i love him as a writer and vocalist. I hear hes back with Soil and left Drowning Pool. Osm.
I just love chocolate chip cookies!:)
RT : I'm excited to be part of my first #ThatCamp in June. Thanks, !
Get your shit polished before you get your shit published.
Just finished and submitted my very first Unit Plan ever!
ur addicted to twitter.. its ok i am too
hell yeah we are!
Congrats to Bob Neumann, who is transferring out to KHMX (Mix 96.5)/Houston as PD! More details in RAMP's Breaking News e-mail.
Baby Camden is here!!! 6lbs 4oz and 18.5 inches long. We were about 4 weeks early, but Mommy and Camden are doing great!!!
Watching #Elf on Christmas Day...perfect!
Just discovered we share birth dates, not just birthdays. But we do share a birthday with Clint.
haah I'm bored like NO OTHER/: so I thought I'd tweet ya(:
Anyone have any experience working in a student union (operations)? What can you tell me about it?
“Life is the dancer and you are the dance.” ― Eckhart Tolle
Please telling me you're watching Weaver's no hitter
Buddy Dusty's Corner sent me a TON of stuff to review and look over for suggestion. Small box packed full of stuff, video coming up soon.
Seared salmon swag RT : Killin this all u can eat sushi
Scotland Yard Pub Quiz Tonight at 8. Sneak categories: Recent News. Leaps and Years. Pop Culture Math. Films from '82 '92 '02.
How r u doing. Missed u on #FF. Hope all is well & u have a gr8 Thanksgiving holiday. Mom is doing gr8-each day a little stronger.
Detroit Lakes and New Ulm are tied at 4 after regulation in the first round of the consolation bracket.
My life would suck without swamp people & duck dynasty!
Only five hours till the kill Supperclub tonight in LA! Its on!!!
Also, kind of creepy considering the WPP employee who died falling down an elevator shaft two months ago.
Sorry #Starbucks, Leonard Cohen's (or anyone's cover thereof) Hallelujah is not an Xmas song by any stretch of the imagination.
your not an attention Seeker and that does not make you one
you want me to post it now? what title shall i put?
Coming up at 8:00 AM EST Cummings goes on to talk about yesterday's #GSA hearing.
I hope has some good tunes today...I think I forgot my headphones!
Drive left for a quarter mile then make a right to find a ditch to go fuck yourself.
Happy 25th Birthday, Arena Football! But seriously, who gives a sh*t.
30 minutes or less
my friends back east told me to "eat shit" re: the strength of MWC after friday, so I'm done ranking conferences...
Hate when I buy things and I pay for it with change and the cashier gives you a dirty look :/
you should direct this tweet to She's the one looking for a good Thanksgiving spot in NYC ;)
what time you thinking?
Can someone please give us a shoutout? -Katie
; NO NO NO, i don't wanna go back to school tomorrow..
nope, i wait to see what the advertisers do then piss them off by correcting their mistakes. also, i will fist fight you.
#Rockies' Alfonzo has 100-game drug ban dropped by
I can handle everything that life throws at me. Some things just take a little time.
why not they look nice. Iwould buy them and re sell them but they not going to be worth much
FOLLOWING SPREE!!!!!!!!!!! WHO WANTS A FOLLOW FROM ROMO? meow
thanks for the RT!
far too long! My skin needs some Clarisonic love so it doesn't take so long to put on makeup!
#WorstBreakUpExcuses ...you were really adopted
Can't be more happy for the Giants!
Haha! It's all good! :)
Lucky duck....this *fog party* is exclusive to metro Boston. ;o(
TELL THE TAIWANESE TO TAKE VIDEOS TOO
Charities focused on youth raise big donations: (4th largest) and (8th largest) raised $1.4 billion in 2010.
Grilling watermelon, caesar salad after purveying farmers market behind swapmeet: Asian, Mexican and Georgia growers share their bounty.
I think is an awesome DA. Nothing but respect for her performance in office. She's my 2nd choice for mayor.
i had some pretty clever tweets too what the hell...
I still need to get Beach House tickets for Sunday. I guess I'm going?
Picked up the Adele 21 CD a couple days ago. Good stuff. I heard the song on the radio and actually purchased it. Music isn't dead yet!
But you are not alone in this / And you are not alone in this
I get the gay reality and music shows but I really miss the movies...new actual gay and lezzy movies.
Snow storm = canceled book club. Also, kahlua cake all to myself.
I think "new research capacity" means new areas & approaches
Thought I'd mention - PBL needs to be more focused on the journey and not just the product.
aw I want to meet you to Kyle <3 and our other buddy :) Luv u both :)
so im coming to cali in march brotha!
"Words have to be crafted, not sprayed. They need to be fitted together with infinite care." - Norman Cousins
SO much fun! I need to get there for more games!
I will! Later this week mebbe! :-) I can walk there from my office after all. We can meet at a food truck first!
do you rush into a relationship just because everyone else is in one?
Join us 2nite for fashion show to benefit Military Families Program at 7pm. bit.ly/9il9PS hosted by
Ugh , school ._.
You and I both know that might not last lol jk
Lol stone cold... “: A #Virgo may find you physically attractive but, but that doesn’t mean anything other than that.”
I spent $100 last night, and all i have to show for it is a hangover...
“ “ Who else backspaces their whole password, even if only one letter is wrong?””
RT : KOMBUCHA is in da house! Townshends Tea Brew Dr Kombucha is chilled and waiting for you at ECC! Enjoy!
Stupid sealed classes. YOU ARE NOT SMARTER THAN EVERYONE WHO COMES AFTER YOU
haha yes :P
My cinco de mayo=coronas+red bull & vodka+sum rum shittt l+shot of tequila+Li iced tea=a crazy ass nite=one heck of an morning #wishme luck
me and @ triciaransom
THE TIME IS NOW...
follow your sons piano? :-)
Lovely someone's Close by is firing a gun.
I don't think I'm going to sleep tonight, I'll just wait for the car ride
I love almond milk on my cereal! Not a big fan if it by itself though lol
Agreed 100%. Nothing beats a good collaboration. Go Team Wanderer! (And thank you!)
How do you get to grad school?
Dez Bryant lacks any brain cells.
The StartingUp Skillcenter launches April 18 and provides an integrated business planning and social networking solution....
He shakes in his sleep, if you pet him he calms down.
What's the dynasty league view on Laurent Robinson - I've seen folks say he's down. I say value is up as #1, with solid WR #2 and RB
Looking fresh, no stress, who tryna fuxk wit the best!
Hm watching now (._.) RT: Yo... Watch somebody face as they take the last pull on their cigarette. Hilarious!
Someone lost their COKE! RT White powder found in 3 packages at ESPN's mail facility; no reports of injuries or evacuations -
I don't use protection on my tweeter either... O_o
Im swervin out after I eat!
Deborach Cox will performs in Indianapolis - June 9th - Should be an awesome show!
Does anyone else think that Justin Bieber looks like Hilary Swank?
i wanna visit england so bad.
Apple: new #iPad will not be called "iPad 3" or "iPad HD." Instead, it will be called "Quikster."
watching "the announcement". love my docu-nights.
Rachel () has been with our little revolver LA family a year today!
How's Louisiana legislature going to ask the NFL to reconsider it's bans on the Saints? lmao. No bro. No.
Me in Hollister: o i like that...and that....and that....that shirt is sick...it smells so god....i like that bracelet....m...
perhaps something like an URL shortener, where prepositions only count as one letter.
FRI Dinner Salad Special: Baby Mixed Greens with Diced Avocado, Coriander Seared Shrimp, Citrus Supremes, Riesling Gastrique
I want..love this song..1D
Both #CAA semifinals. Updates here. First game between Drexel and ODU just after 2:00.
Rio is actually a really funny movie...I liked it :)
For the safety of cyclists, please look both ways before hocking a loogie out your car window.
I wanna see a pic of him. I bet he so adorable.! :))
who's your cousin?
Thank you so much, Kathy. Please RT it and encourage others to as well. God just would not let me go until I wrote it.
Realization of yuppie-dom came while crossing Whole Foods parking lot, talking about DVRed Community & wild salmon on sale at Fresh Market.
Dave TV is about the same age? or older?
Still looking out for Owner/Operators to run under our Quick Fleet authority...
Watching Hot Fuzz with my bestie :)
and to let your imaginary stalkers know where you are every moment
haha it at first said it was to you. Then when I posted it. It went to that one haha I was like wtf!
We raised over $5000 for the Canyon Rice Hope Scholarship!!!!
": a blunt afterwards would be great."
Stayed up in a plank for 80 seconds on a wii balance board in a little tiny circle and never got out of it!(:
this is genius!
Thank you. Wishing you the best, my friend.
okay those are incredible
Hello Naturals!
can't go see Austin in New York anymore because my mom says im a selfish bitch.
since when is 3 dead and 75 people hurt equal mass casualties? Stop making news worse than what out is!
Success is not apple pie and ice cream...Bambroke Santoyo. I love all three but I love success most.
waiting to watch Barcelona VS Real Madrid! this is gonna be intense........
so, so, so pumped for grabbing some to enjoy en route to NYC later today!
honestly that looks more like a retarded rooster trying to fly... just saying..
UPDATE 3-Aon sees investments paying off only by 2013
I can't sleep if I know it's my turn in Words with Friends. I'm not generally OCD, but I guess I make an exception for competitive wordplay.
sucks for you!
Well, how was your weekend?
“: Nothing wrong with DMX, but you know, that's a weird mix.” #iaimtoplease #ohwait ;)
Why is so slow-____-
#Olympic flame was lit in Greece this am and will make its way towards #London2012 w/ 78 days til opening ceremony!
Ready for todayy.
a serious SEC issues if this was done to "manipulate" the private market for Twitter shares. The US-DOJ and the SEC take securities fraud
a Big Thank You to Liz and the gang for being such great neighbors to and great friends of !
I have no desire to pay attention to chemistry class -.-
I am thinking about getting a BMW 320d Sport for a new car!
“Beauty and grace are performed whether or not we will or sense them. The least we can do is try to be there.” ~Annie Dillard
You sir, are a progressive man. Hope you have some apple stock to go along with all that ;-)
Yes, she was alone! And beautiful as a brunette, wearing lots of bling too (but didn't look at the ring finger!) Xchanged smiles :)
If you have knowledge, let others light their candles in it.-- Margaret Fuller
didn't even know you were in g'boro. Hope you had a good time.
We'd also like to thank for creating some AMAZING light boxes for use on March 24!
my weather app says its going to rain
purpledoor is all inside this year!
Hungry but i know that i should go out...then eat when i get home
how much of a baby? My 6 year old cousin has started his minecraft addiction early as well!
Ducks Corey Perry, Canucks Daniel Sedin, & Bolts St. Louis are the 3 finalists for the 2010-11 Hart Memorial Trophy.
awww lol red is mine too
Let's get shwasted!!!
Super sad! Goin to San Anto! I'm here in catarina!
#1thingiwantforchristmas snow. I would LOVE to have a white Christmas!
There should be an iphone app that lets you update your own blog that is on your own server. Anyone agree? Lets develop one!
The Cooling Misters are BACK - the patio is 10 degrees cooler with a refreshing breeze! Come check it out!
Awesome first 2 picks by Pittsburgh
thank you andria!!:)
Excuse me. I have been informed that West Florida Seminary has been renamed The Florida Military and Collegiate Institute.
This apple good af. But it's not Fuji lol
lol how long ago did you add me?
yes! And today is not over yet :) more attractions in the evening and we have tomorrow to keep on skiing :) how was the class?!
Thanks! RT : I cannot wait to read your book! I'm a huge fan of Mr. Bratton!
Forget love - I'd rather fall in chocolate!
Congrats bro!! Keep climbing higher & higher
i will never question your commitment to sparkle motion.
Seriously I kinda just want to move to Cali!!!!!!
Nelly Songs List
glad you enjoyed your froyo at Orange Leaf! Are you an EMT? If so, I hope you mentioned that to receive your 15% off!
My spirit animal is this pair of high heels I recently bought.
RT : MT Just b/c I have little kids doesn't mean I do less work than someone who doesn't. << CLAPPING
I miss him ✈
Life's to Short Gotta Live it Long. -Young Homie, Chris Rene (: <3
hahaha, have you tweeted him? ;D
If you want to sell your car, van or truck fast for cash, we will give you TOP DOLLAR with no hassles.
back on twitter :D
that's my boy
Thanks for the follow! We met after the Cirque de Soleil show in Cedar Park. introduced us.
Every gay person has a gaydar and best believe a lot of you MFers on mine! DL MFers lol
In the house bout to drink a few cold ones.
Hi ya John!
“: Christopher Guest et all MVP, best thing all night. #Oscars” I concur!
Back to "Enter the Dragon" which would be even more awesome with a Christian Slater cameo.
is it an intentional side-effect that I read "I make the www fun" in my head using the Strongbad voice?
There is nothing good on the internet today.
I'm talking tonight at 930 on I can only assume they're doing a "World Series Preview" show.
Crystal Clear Pools has the best deals on pool maintenance, repairs, and renovations
Hope all you FAC Heads had a great day! Stop on by tomorrow for 4g eighths all day!!
I don't doubt that... golf, shmolf. have fun tho!
we will keep in touch💗 i promise(:
Looking forward to Reba's fall tour. Trying to decide how far I will travel to see her. Prob pretty far. We Heart Reba!
My fate is in Jesus! Jesus is #1 in my life ! Kick out your evil ! build your Faith ! Do anything in His Name !
: oh how lovely! A very fond #ff to U as well! Great wk #Twiend Sunday follow ...
You'll need a concealer palette. Not sure if it's water proof, but you can use Final Seal to hold it.
no lmfao it's been confirmed he isn't
what is your number?
hit my phone
"Look, I don't know! I mean, when I was with Earl, I was thinkin' of you....yes!"
The awkward moment when you don't know one of your brothers science definitions...what the hell is fulcrum?
Not sure what you mean by that? My website comes up just fine on my smartphone. :)
I was thinking he same thing! For me, and now that you bring it up, you too.
Really enjoyed the show last night!! 29 years and u all still grooving like 1983. Tampa love #NE. Be blessed!!
...and so it begins (the show at Bellhouse that is!) #wishyouwerehere(?)
i eat, live, and breathe drama.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit. - Aristotle RT
are you selling a political agenda or greatest outdoor vehicles in America? I'm confused.
All candidates won.
Oh....monday
I always find it funny that in a world that has so many different ways to communicate, communication among us still gets effed up a lot.
We all would.
...OR culture is so winking + irony-soaked that content funniness is sacrificed.I dunno.You've read Infinite Jest, I haven't.
I'm admittedly not the biggest #MLB fan but missing #OpeningDay after missing #finalfour is tough when abroad. Go #WhiteSox!
It's a good one for sure
and I plan on taking major risk in 2012
Long live Isiah! "The Nuggets have told the Knicks that they do not possess the assets they are seeking if they decide to trade Anthony"
The Owl Bar is closed for Thanksgiving. We wish everyone a wonderful holiday and will reopen on Friday!
My life would be shit without My Taylor <3 #ImSoInLove. Almost 3 years Baby! #AwwYiss! P.L.U.R.<3
We can't wait to start up! Think we can get a full team from Cherokee?
All I have to say Bill is that "Guns do not kill, People do!"
Had an audition for my first pilot!
Luna bars are great to snack on! Less than 200 cals, low glycemic index, 70% organic and around 12-11g of sugar depending on the flavor.
Blessed 2 share n worship today w/ & at Dickson Campus. Love their hearts/gifts 4 leading worship!
YAY! My husband is so excited about the Austin #F1 race. Thanks for posting.
Don't want you to buy me the world .. Just be here with me in it
": A survey found one in five women have ended a relationship because their significant other was too busy playing video games."
I AM SO EXCITED TO SEE YOU FOR MY BIRTHDAY!!!!
Mondays are for Top Gear. :)
How's about a blooming onion?!
Retweet this, if you retweet this.
shirt jeans combat boots. :p
So good to see you in IRL! And a surprise meet up with always brightens my day. :)
Karma, dude. Should've been here for game 6.
#Romney: I am running for president because I have the experience and the vision to get us out of this mess.
awesome, thx. how about LinkedIn profile? or are we talking for the library, not personal?
Hustle while you are young is what I say, so you can sleep as long as you want when your ability to hustle decreases.
Moments last forever
We're there too! :)
I'm not sure. Let me accept on Facebook. I'm fixing to get home! I bet we have lots of friends in common lol
The thinkpiece-to-episode ratio is running at about 7:1 right now, so I don't blame you.
Thanks Catherine--I hope to come back again soon! RT Great lecture in TO Steve! Hope to see you again sometime.
My mother was against me being an actress - until I introduced her to Frank Sinatra
No footmen!
Mini edibles food Att part tonight at h&h building #bmoevent here with puffs
This time won't you save me? Baby, I can feel myself giving up.
How are you today?;)
Oh hush. I only said it was nice for a person my size. In the real world I have no ass.
Open your eyes sunshine.
Hey lady. I have meetings in Phx all day Thursday. Are you free sometime in the afternoon to grab a tea and talk ED?
Something to think about as we pat ourselves on the back. Did you know we've sold 10 more homes through the program?
Welcome to Utopia #PublicLibrary, where "attendants" watch your children & weirdos are barred from entry.
ah glass, the great insulator - nice pic
that sounds like one i would love.
Just woke up n realized it's October!!! #My month
Belated #FF on Saturday for A favorite online presence, indeed.
Samosas with dijon mustard & frank's red hot sauce. So international & high brow! <3
Nancy Grace, Devil In Disguise!!!!
better late than never but never late is better they tell me time is money, well we'll spend it together
I'd like to hear each #azgop Presidential primary candidates comment on their plans & thoughts on
Sitting on a stool.
Awhh bye miss e! Me & love u and will miss u
Wow. I almost shot myself just imagining that.
i's so sad to miss last nite! Seemed like show of the decade. totally proud, totally jealous, totally love you guys!
You come to these shows to get laid motherfucker! - Man, I love those boys.
Off from one studio to the next...now if only I was getting paid for this...
My people are you with me where you at? In the front, in the back killa beez on attack
Barely survived...just barely.
I'm going to miss you Daddy..love u always
AWW SKEET SKEET SKEET GOD DAMN
Quick turnaround! Free member tickets for Wednesday's game can be reserved at noon tomorrow at joinsporting.com.
Comment the new pics&I'll return the favor. He made my day!(:
#BetterWithChicago I don't want to spend my Friday doing ANYTHING but jamming to my idols<4
does your Lab guarantee their work and stand by that guarantee?
I'm in. Welcome to
Keep the news coming, Alex!
thanks for following! I see we have a lot in common. I work for shoes too!
Got to agree w/ Bill on a broader level, tho I def listen to music from that TH period more often. Love Talking Heads!
omg i can't keep up!! You take too many pictures
Trend trend
You're welcome! What have you been up to?
I really don't think I can talk to you after that...that shit ain't something you joke around with...
RT A new Universe ~ takes shape ~ every time ~ you blink ~ this life is limitless.
would you be able to meet tomorrow for my project?
14 hours long and rainy. Don't forget rainy. :-(
Love saturdays energy around the golf course. Hello spring in Colorado
First real test of surgically repaired knee. 10 minute 33 second mile. Not great but better than 30 min mile after surgery. Knee is BARKING!
Pizza rolls and ranch at 10am.... #classy. Boyfriend ate the cereal...what was I suppose to do??
No 2 matter-energy events ever occupy the same spacetime/motion coordinates. The zillions of LHC proton collisions all represent exceptions.
Sour Candy - LOVE!
I cleverly hid the information in an attempt to protect it and found it sometime past midnight.
“: Yes! And, like, yeah, man. RT : she totally looks like Janice from the muppets. #bachelor” Yes! Ha!
oh yeah
very nice player API, same one #Storyline uses. Everything #Storyline can do, API can do.
Taking our son to school with
been saying that in Fla for years...no where to go though, bro...
cant wait to play "How To Love" with tomorrow!!!
where do you live? i come to you and we'll go together! haha. ♥
Is this the better half of the team Cwik squared? I am also the better half of my team, Smoke & Mirrors.
Would you pay $300 for a pair of VU meters for your Pro Tools rig?
Can I cover everything in hollandaise sauce?
It's finally starting to settle in that I'm almost done with high school....
i want to go fisshuing so bad man
Time for Garza to shoot the wings of those gay Cardinals
#jealoushands RT : this record is unbelievable
Perhaps they're confusing the message with the medium?
Majmoo comes from the #Arabic word majmoo'ah which means group or gathering. May #Allah strengthen the
nice. Yah it was way rad
to attend #ILTA 2011 in Nashville, Tennessee
ahaha all bad , but you still do it no bueno >_< I need my sleep lol I sleep a lot awe hug a teddy bear or something comfortable
Definitely not the same
Colvin catch inside the 15 of O
This has been a tough week for me. I'm really learning big lessons. I'm opening up my awareness more and more.
I wish i can take guitar lessons D: but its cost to much D:
ultra is the shit
Instead of "bouncing back" in practice, perhaps "stopping ball" or "screening out" might be good?
Mom cleaned my room and did my laundry. Benefits of living at home at 25
« They should send Tim Tebow into Iran to get our drone back. With just a knife.»
Good thing he took those steroids after the fifth inning
get fucked up on this beautiful Nebraska day. You swimming today?
ur clearly delusional thinkin ull beat me in nhl, maybe madden but I dout it,
Alright my #sadtweets are done goodnight :)
“I cannot make my days longer so I strive to make them better.”
Travis Smith Jussi Tuomi Joshua Martin Antonio Thompson Lian West Alexander Taylor LOSING GROUND LAUNCH T-MInus 24 hours!
RT : M.Bay can do whatever he wants with his TMNT origin story as long as he gets Vanilla Ice to do another song about ninja.
It's almost over
Now entering Georgetown 😊
2 hours of Celine Dion, 1 hour of Bette Midler and Valentines Day. Great movie session
#thingsImissabouthighschool graduation night ❤😍
Only one day away from "Mambo De Leon" Live Saturday 9pm Hotel Ballroom! Get your tickets now! Call 402.213.9200!
Ok so up getting ready for school yesterday I didn't feel good but I am feeling better today so I think I might dress up fir school today
Dramatic end for #DenverBroncos(24) against San Diego Charges(29) Believe Tim Tebow needs to be the Broncos QB going forward
Looks composed by photographer, MUA & posing of the model. RT Modeling is a profession where your worth is tied up with looks.
At media day. Very cool!
hahaha!! totally not judging! ;)
Gooddogs hotdogs in our parking lot tomorrow for lunch.Come see Walter de Maria and eat a dog on the bookstore patio--fall begins!
#drugreactions: It can be dangerous to suddenly stop taking a #drug with side effects. Ask your doctor.
I can't believe rose tore his acl. This was Chicago's year!
Opting for my fave, Beef Carbonnade from Slow and Easy cookbook (a little different than their Roast book version)
hit me up if you chillin in knoxvegas bruhh
We all said thank you, I love you jen jen. How'd you do ?!
I haven't had pop in over a month - and diet for longer than that. Blech.
You say you have no time for her? Well Justin has millions of fans, and still has time for Selena. So what's your excuse now?
Thx! It was an incredible experience, but I need time now to just RUN, not TRAIN. I'll be back tho. Are u entering the lotto?
where u work
Learning to code, and then, moving to Canada.
will you be there today from 12-2 for the lunch meetup with ? I am headed through in about an hour. Your map story rocked
gets all the bitches jealous, lol i love you. fuck bitches
I'm not a revenge person or whathaveyou, but last night was one of those times where you see a jerk ex and know you're doing better.
Ah yes, Pasco. I actually did two summer internships in the Tri-Cities (Richland, Pasco, & Kennewick). Unexpected desert in WA.
You're welcome!
same though omg fndskjfndsk i'll hug travoos for you
we will be waiting patiently. :) Thx.
RT! almost at 3000 followers, help me close the gap. To all my followers a big thank you, to my non followers..... Check your dome piece! (:
Watch Good Christain Belles sunday on ABC.
Shirley Manson interview: Breaking up the garbage girl - The Guardian
I Get Ch CH CH Chips Frito Lays,Cheetos,Dorritos and Funyuns
you know it congrats!
Tonight I will be continuing me viewing of S2 only 2eps in
Dirty = passionate
"Beware of the tendency to ask the way when you know it perfectly well." Oswald Chambers. Thank u Mr. Chambers for the gut punch.
Ryan is in the same boat!
Cynthia Selfe says something helpful: so, votes or solutions as Heideggerian technologies that are like "fixes"?
july 13-15 jacket is on sat. The 14th
As sarcastic and rude as I am... Never forget that I am SUCH a good friend. In doing the most right now.
Find a place inside where there's joy, and the joy will burn out the pain. Joseph Campbell
thank all of you for the support. Keep spreading the word, so we can keep pumping out those riffs!
Our alliance continues to strengthen. RT : My life goal is to wipe my ass with the script of Twilight.
I'm off to read PROPERTY by Valerie Martin outside and eat my lunch. In January. In Iowa. It's 60 degrees today.
#iabaudio bad audio ;(. Baby steps to the elevator.
ha I was just thinking the same thing!
great time to be a trout bum.
Even if my man broke my heart today no matter how much pain I'm in I will be okay, cause I got a man in my life that cant be replaced
i can't because its cut. And sweaty. And its college apparel day.
The Imperiled Promise of College - New York Times
Digging It with the Townies Everyone knows that the downtown area is the bustling center of city life. It is usually filled with an amaz
Is this the 95 #Indians team??? This guys are hitting the crap out the ball today!
The toilets are so nice that I just crapped on the floor next to the sink.
Stuck in flight delay loop. 4:30 flight now 6:15... Something about a mechanic and broken solenoid on the thingamajig-crossScript-actuator.
Right! Yes!
you couldn't have put it any better - thank you!
Oh that was Drew! He screamed and scared us all!
Gettin there to the champ center gyeah
no kidding! It is quite annoying.
If Seattle trades Brandon League, who is the closer? Wright? Ray?
I gave you my twitter at the radio staion and you still haven't followed me!!
A landing page is not mean to capture every bite of information of a person. It is a lead, not a registration or sale.
Am sending Extras to you as well...we had an overage.. Stay Sticky~
By inside a server do you mean guest OS agent? If so, agree. How about at hypervisor level, ie. vib on esxi?
My bike is in a box, next time I ride it, it will be in Berlin.
Get ready for a rainy night and Tues. NJ. Heavy rain and thunderstorms should move into the area tonight and persist through tomorrow.
It's not a record just about your first love, but it's about what happens to you in the years following that.
I have so much homework to do but I choose to go to the movies.... Oh well
Brought 06 Bartolucci Vineyard Cab to our neighborhood Italian spot. Cab and lasagna? Delizioso!
I will have to try this exotic fruit. Wish me luck.
I got the formula
OhellNooo!!! . I let my mom borrow my blush & shes brings it back all broken & shit.. Ah whatever i dont even wear it. But still :/
oh true! that's awesome! are you driving out?
of course, thank you! <3
Idk kno where I'm at..I'm outta there
at least the kid didnt spawn trap if ur not gonna cap flags at least dont sit back & pick them off. he was up in their grill
Wonder if the farmers were in favor of immigration crackdown in first place?
#wewerecooluntil you didn't let me make that thing drip sweat.
"We are raising multiple choice thinkers in an essay world." wise words
hey, its gotta get done!
Any tweeps graduating and looking to move to Houston? I may have a job lead for you! DM me for details.
i want to come to the next gilda's stand up
Beautiful day for a site tour! Getting ready to head out to the to look at the layout for some sporting events!
Today could be a big day with the team
Focus on WHAT for competence. Focus on HOW for involvement. Focus on WHY for inspiration.
Sorry, honey. Sarcasm falls from my mouth as easily as stupidity falls from yours
Do you know what to do if your credit gets absolutely trashed? What is your plan to rebuild?
I'm open to anything
Our plan for when Kieran turns 13: give him Catcher in the Rye & a Smiths albums. Maybe a Danzig or Meshuggah album, too. AND LOTS OF PINS!
Oh, Steph, what did you do?
YAY! Made a twitter
Follow your dreams and never give up!!!! Love you all!!!!!!
Reward super-fans. Engage them by mentioning them in comments, "Matt, weren't you just talking about this last week?"
Where is leadership needed? Everywhere. (Chuckles)
So I'm by the pool an danger comes on and all I can think about is cross country
uhh does this mean we are going to need a venting session tomorrow?
I just did so much heavy lifting. Done for the year.
no man is safe you can run but you can't Hide
Time is money
Boxwire #BizTip: A little personality goes a long way.
We also have been hacked with that wordpress malware.. We're busy right now trying to fix it!
I'm on the Orbis plan now.
Not a bad idea. Thanks for the suggestion.
Descaling Your Coffee Machine - Q&A
my last week off. then back to work!
Dear pretentious Brooklynites: time call mommy & daddy to ask for some new dicks... cuz we're RIPPING THEM OFF TONIGHT!! BRUAR FALLS, 10 PM
“: Giant SUV, windows up, buncha folks smoking cigs inside. Open up, oh, a 6 year old too! Ignorant fucks. Poor kid.” Hate that!!
Finally omw home from #Work my lil size 4 feet hurt :/
Make it three
"The unexamined life is not worth living." then why are dogs so happy?
no matter what you mine
"Slag" is such a fun word, isn't it ?
This terrible indigestion is my body's way of telling me that I shouldn't have eaten an entire buffet.
If you get her to curse...you've done something! RT : yes it is. You really want to get into a cursing debate?
balls are gross thos boobs are nice
Today is national Sibling Day!What better way to show them watsup then by taking them out for some grub and paying w LevelUp!
Ahh, I know! I'm pretty good, how are you?
5K coming up soon...
Looks like the story on #Educare is airing this morning. Tune in and let us know what you think!
Bought it loved it about to do an online submission for a pilot. Strange how things have changed
What a gorgeous night! Enjoy it now before it gets too hot out there!
I love that is cooking me a surprise dinner, but I hate that I have to wait upstairs alone for an hour and counting.. 😒😍
I'm sure would be happy to sell you some. ;) I brought home 2, should have bought more.
So many tweets about food...It's making me hungry.
looks like a game changer for Tarantino, we'll see…
My usual sarcastic asshole personality is at its max today. And I don't hate it.
I m really sad :(
Wow. The LA times has John Simon as the 67th best player in CFB and doesn't even have Jon Hankins ranked.
Dislike being Bright. Having marks from anything... Car Door blew closed on my leg now I have marks on both sides it didnt hurt tho. O.o
Particpated in event this week: Nic Donofria from IBM Dr. Lakhani from Harvard and talking about innov
He's playing better... But reality of it is that lebron is better
I'm swooning over a relationship on tv thats not even real. How lame am I
My world is getting smaller and smaller by the day. Wish I could be with you guys (and 's family) in Italy!
not sure ... It came outta nowhere. :-)
Booking 2012 Balloon Events now!
I sincerely hope that I'm just an alarmist and nothing happens this weekend.
Wow - awesome bird, Tess. I'm jealous!
SimonThunder 4 Idol judge!Who else could do the show&contestants justice. SimonThunder no sellout philosophy 5octave singing & indie songs:)
Associate Producer for the next reading at The Workshop theater Co. Cool!
Aww, shucks. Thank you, Rosie. You inspire me. You're pretty amazing, Lady.
How awesome r u guys! Just getting the word out, businesses that need more exposure retail, restaurants startups contractors etc.,
Schools out Niggah
Seriously have received 15 robocalls today. WTH? Do these really work?
Oh my, sounds nice! What's the rule?
I'm at the back stage for has the Internet made everyone an artist
A minor issue necessitated that I record a recent gig at a professional studio. What a refreshing experience to *just* be an actor again!
thanks to my life will never be the same.
A whole chicken??? That's a damn shame.
I love all your pic updates! I can't wait to meet him :)
who is a phony??
Sending all my tweeps good vibes for a great day!
lol ur smart haha no one ever thinks my name is olivia even though my username is olive oil #Stupidppl lol jk
You're late.
Hey everyone
My sister is doing a 3mile mud run, and there's an 90's cover band called Mystery Stain.
whats good people love is love
Finance Secretary Purisima emphasizes the Philippine government's focus on investing in people and improving social safety nets.
Headed to cincinnati today. Weathers cold, lovin and cuddling with my girl Achan.. love her
Is there a Sarah McLachlan foundation for people who are being abused by their dogs? Because my dogs treat me like crap day in and day out.
oh and by the way, I hope your gf and your baby know what kind of fuck you are for making me want to die. fuck you asshole
OK SWEET LIPS LOL
Need to save on parking? Try taking out to the show. Max Yellow line will take you right to the expo.
Roses are red, violets are blue, we have lots of wine and sangria waiting for you...Doors open at 5:00pm...Happy Hour ends at 7:00pm.
2 guys behind me, first guy "it smells like someone farted. Second guy "yeah it smells like asparagus" only
I complain about my life a lot, but fuck not every goddamn day.
Now that college football is banned, maybe you all will pay attention to early college basketball.
Teena Marie :) R.I.P
I'll take the under.
Sounds great, but how can you damage the Crown with anything but air? Just had my shot + beer chase!! Drinking Crown & Coke
appreciate the positive kick in the posterior!!!
Headed out to Occupy Our Homes DC.
Terrible day....
According to Google maps I will be under 2 hours away in Frankfurt.
Congrats on the early start!
<I agree with ya and hope you make it to Washington, it's time for some real change. Good luck and best wish's.
I'm not a big NCAA follower, but yay Marquette! Nice win!
#ThoughtsWhileRunning *Sees a cute guy* Don't trip and fall. Don't trip and fall.
follow back please? (:
Just finished writing this hot song but since I'm sick I sound like Lil Wayne -_- Robitussin and cough drops. It's Official
I woke up and checked my phone to see your good morning text, but then I remembered..../:
Show tomorrow at Churchills! That's what I'll be dreaming about. And of course flying zombie clowns. Andy
"Waiting for Godot" at the Taper in LA. Great cast. Great production.
Dan Milstein, CEO of Gold Star Mortgage Financial Group will appear on ‘The Balancing Act’ on Lifetime Network Feb 29 at 7-8am et/pt.
Want to thank and our NIKE fam for their support...nothing like being out of town w FRESH gear
I made the highschool cheer team. WHAAT WHAT?(:
If it takes you an hour to ask if I want to chill ... You're not worth my time. Ugh youngins!
yeah i mightt! idk yet though cuz i wanna see if anyone opens one that i could audition for(:
maybe just a little. I'm the same with records. Lol. Hope ur having a great day.
Finally done with hw!
Never gave a fuck.
Stay tuned to earthmatrix-dot-com for new material coming about 2012 & the Maya end-date cycle. 2012 is upon us...so, stay tuned.
thank you! Been keeping you on the radar. Saw the preview last year. Looks great.
I've got you tuned in....into the Noon #HOUR: ))BP
thanks alan. hope you are doing well!
Thanks -- we are looking forward to reading your tweets too!
please please choose me :-)
just saw you playing the role of Bobbi on the iconic TV show #WonderWoman You look even younger today!
Appreciate it, Coach! Miss yall! Hope to join you for some golf in a few months!
I hope that _everyone_ would disagree with that statement :)
WOWZA!! That's awesome and well deserved!!
Failure is the opportunity to begin again more intelligently. -- Henry Ford
Thank you, LMFAO for providing background music for every broadcast news story trying to pass itself off as "hip."
GO BIG OR GO HOME. I hope to die while eating cheese.
Class of 2011 enters to Journey's Don't stop believing
ah I just broke one of the sealents on my lower retainer thats glued onto the back of my lower teeth:(
we got this darlin.
booboo Stewart and Justin bieber<3
My man, ! Of course I'm still doing Polo T Fridays. I'm surprised it hasn't caught on more, stay tuned for the twitpic tmrw, ha!
you have nice teeth
old man driving a car with "i love kids" bumper sticker....those damn kids.
Cardio ABS is no joke. But I'm loving this Insanity.
they not gonna get you as dramatic tho.
Planted 5 more cucumber plants today to fuel 's pickling madness.
But that's a cat + octopus. Of course it breaks the rules.
Im a Laker fan, but Metta World Peace is got to be the stupidest fuckin name I've ever heard, show some respect to your parents asshole
why do you follow rockforlife?!
In English please?
great job at pomona and good luck the rest of the season.
To Twitter Newpeople out there:Heck, I dont know what I'm doing either. I'm trying to follow folks whose blogs I like, learning as I go. GL!
And today we added Bottle Tree Blonde to the line-up (we're officially over 200 brews for EABF!)
It's the things in between those periods that become distorted.
Sent you a note about We would love to give you a demo about this new social network for neighborhoods.
It's the Token Ensemble!
I literally mean it when I say thank God Santorum is done.
Have you seen your tweets on our screen lately? Tweet us and see them on the TV in our diner! #BeFamous ;)
Everytime i eat girl scout cookies i thik about
is having a marathon on USA :)
glad your ok! :-) im a chevy kinda girl though. Haha.
his K/9 was crazy last year, I will give you that
Oh we'd love to have you anytime!
Me too! I sing the praises of the morning people. But I'm an afternoon/evening crossfitter.
#nowadays Jovon Johnson (nuke) is still yo cousin lol
Work but after that nothing . Whats good ? RT : aye what you doin tonite
To my legion of 13 followers (five of whom are not bots)--yep, I got hacked. Lo siento, and Happy New Year.
nope lol yea if u want me too!!
Thanks for the follow and congrats on your new album!
#WorkOut #SkateSesh then its back #Business ..for those who take time off, enjoy your day!
Just ordered the book. Looking forward to reading it. Thnx for setting businesses on the debt-free track!
You're beautiful.
I've been here for 5 minutes and find out I'm in the wrong building
I'm going to apologize now to the people on my flight for eating that burrito with extra peppers and beans.
Have you been using the Business Center? It is perfect for homework or group projects!
: if I do the doctorate, I will officially smash it out of the ballpark.
#InstantTurnOn if you like coffee, good rockbands, and pokemon
WWE Fans, tune in to Smackdown tomorrow night on Syfy at 8p. There might just be an "electrifying" announcement during the show! Guesses?
heard some 2 yr/old-sounding clips on radio. no, I don't miss tv! ("it's my turn to talk" "you're wrong" "it's my turn" etc)
Thank you Beethoven, Prokofiev, Mendelssohn, and Brahms for making my life so hard lately...
thanks for watching :)
Congresswoman Diana DeGette will answer your questions next week. What would you like to her to talk about?
Inquiring minds wanna know just how many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop?
Indeed! Yo, is the show running now?
Excited that my first article (4th author, but still!) is published in the Journal of Academic Librarianship! Next step - 1st author.
Well you know it's hard to recall things that were boring. Kinda the point of being bored by them...
put on an incredible show tonight in Atlanta. Pure awesome.
depending on injuries, but I get the same feeling. Like ur $215k estimate.
Easter Weekend and Bucks post party at Whiskey Bar and The Belmont Tavern. Bring your grandparents ;)
Lets address this: there are Digital natives - kids who have grown up with technology- and the between adults who teach them.
The Fighter has some of the best cocaine scenes I have seen since walking down the lower Eastside of NYC on New Years Eve
If you feel like there's no-one on Google+ it's because you haven't taken the time to find people via
at least we can count on the O's!!!!
and now I love him.
Chillin at the tennis match with and
You provide MY Beiber alerts. Get back on the job!!!
i'll be there again..
thanks for the support! Love your name :)
Ok... In honor of Marvin Gaye's bday this past week: Which of his records stayed at #1 on the RnB charts the longest?
Doom on you wind!
WTF it's the police. Apparently the house phone kept calling 911... How does that happen?
2/3 tht he is writing her life story and all of us r here to help him write it and that we love her and for her to never give
who's your least favorite?
Portlander is upset that his roommate ripped off his idea to get a rat tail, that he ripped off from some random guy at a bar.
Gallardo pitching his way out of the rotation for the playoffs. Would much rather see Wolf in tense games than the
A new year... new events! What kind of events do you want us to tell you about? RT and let us know!
Got a substantial gift to support the film yesterday. Thank you! #indy #film #ufo Paulding (working title) is progressing well.
I love peer kids!
Big thanks to all the orange hard-hats making the #WestSeattle to Lake Union bike commute safer and more pleasant.
Can I lay you down ? (;
See? Easy. Incidentally , you can thank me later. I expect the check in the mail and the FULL amount this time.
Did you guys watch the #AllStarGame? I had my chip-eating face on all day.
She actually said she had to "whip the crack" instead "crack the whip" when it came to Lindsay working...
Let's trade in all our judging for appreciating. Let's lay down our righteousness and just be together.” ― Ram Dass
Yes, I would support a law that strikes down Florida's so-called self-defense protection law.
I always take a long time man haha
FUCK it....thats the way I feel
When you going to be in the 210? I got a friend in Toronto who wants a CD after hearing "thats nit how you represent 361"
Kill me I have to thumbs!
All please check your twitter accounts. Getting DM about posted pictures. You may have been hacked.
Bobby Knight is such a tool. Talks about POY and doesnt even mention Anthony Davis. That is some of the worst bias I have ever seen!
Actions speak louder than words.
Have a safe trip!
Sears Holdings Provides Update On Status Of Separation Of Its Sears Hometown ... - Sacramento Bee
He has migrated regions & changed nationality to seize opps before. Perhaps, the move to digital isn't incredulous.
long day of budget hearings. Then meeting with Chappell Elementary LSC to talk GROW47. And finally a meeting with Bell Elementary!
Of Course! We had a great time as usual :-)
Fffffffffffffffffuck I forgot about my online class last night.
"This town can't teach it's kids or collect its garbage but we lead the nation in pointless revenge."- Bart
d* homie yhu aint been on here in ah minute.
i spend my fridays nights watching youtube videos.:D fun
Thanks for the retweet Pedro!
Come and get some #salmon Poke and #ceviche Bowls at the Farmers Market Santa Teresa Kaiser. Don't be afraid of the rain #sanjose!
do u pronounce your H's?? :D
I am also a free thinker
thank for PR ;-) need to catch up soon.
sometimes ur a big flirt
when is the college entrepreneur contest over? I can't wait to see these results!
I dont like the feeling of not being liked. did that even make sense?
Thank you for following Brain-iac! LOL cb
I LOVE YOU.♥
If your not following me
When all you do is consume things to galvanize and feed your pain body, you will eventually consume yourself
Of course! We need to come up with some kind of hashtag and make it stick. My vote is for #UR!
saying hi to the beautiful dani, happy wednesday to you
The love we have for our children can brighten the darkest path and lead us to the truest kind of happiness!
No it displays the same. I was suggesting that you will want that unchecked. Also see my reply on my blog.
#FollowFriday Follow and welcome them to Twitter!!!
Find it. Use it! RT : "I believe that every person is born with talent." ~ Maya Angelou
haha. I would have to. I was using duel fireballs and ice. Didn't work. Gotta stock up on potions. SMH
Ah, you just missed the Substance night last Friday!
yeah lol my phone is like fast again. Plus I like the iMessage. Did u have problems installing it?
who cn confirm seeing alleged #monkey tweet re: ?
uh, not the Stanford prison experiment but the 3rd wave experiment, is what I would love to replicate. clarification!
I want chocolate bad.
RT and Follow if you love T-shirts, Tank Tops, beaters , Hats and Hoodies! Thanks!.......
Being alone with your own thoughts for too long can seriously make you go crazy.
No matter what you say I'm always going to be this way.
Hold on to nothing as fast as you can...
This week’s Type News will be up later today. Thanks for your patience!
GREAT show tonight for opening for Adrenaline Mob. Saw Mike Portnoy backstage on the way in: was checking out Xander's band!
Loves that all my fears and worries go away just from the sound of your voice.
I've been thinking about it and I decided that they should make Zac Efron Finnick. Thats it. Perfect. #CatchingFire and
You're welcome... its always a delight to work with a real professional :-)
Definitely into 's performance at the right now.
Haahaa... actually, why not? Curious if we could persuade T.Wilson as part of the browsing collections (fiction books).
The one wish I want to come true. Wanting you to feel and see the way I do towards you.
#20ThingsAboutMe 9. im pretty shy and quiet at first but after im not that shy anymore
Ah i love this song!
Remember when someone would say "Get off the phone so I can use the internet" ?
.408 OBP - .504 SLG - .912 OPS. Yea, probably a good idea not to play GIO everyday. For me, there is no reason to sit him.
“ #OomfNeedsTo that tweeting about your relationship problems WON'T make it better so get off Twitter and work it out!”
hey hey hey, dont pull the mean card on me. :3
Me neither. american idol is kind of horrible compared to the other ones. xD
Yael's right. I did a story a while back soliciting new flag designs for KC. At least a dozen were way cooler.
Yeah it does! hahaha
Also how are these people not dead yet? Shot, jumped out a window and blown up in a car? That's a lot for a night
***FRIDAY SPECIAL*** Get 1,000 Twitter Followers for only $25 Dollars. 1 Day only! Must place order before Oct. 1st!!!!!!
How Are You? =3
thanks I love the avi pic.....sexy
I arise each morning torn between a desire to strengthen the world and a desire to enjoy the world.
If they are unable or unwilling to work towards improvement, they should be sent to career counseling.
All I can say is I BETTER be given a good reason to have put work clothes on on my day off.
I know, it's really upsetting. Even on intelligent news sites there is so much prejudice and carelessness about ideas.
the joke sharae just told me >
Welcome to Twitter! Have fun. Good luck!
Good point. Those "define" links add more functionality to text.
Thanks for the recommendation! I will be contacting Pussy & Pooch to see if they might like to bring us in!
But evil requires the sanction of the victim, amirite?? (Just kidding just kidding JUST KIDDING!!!)
we can be found under #Israel :)
Lots of lightning, coastal storm like those from my childhood in Houston. Glad I still keep a habit of a backup battery alarm clock!!
tomorrow after 4 is looking good. I could check with my work folks if maybe a drink at the Driscoll or something? LMK
Looking forward to seeing you in a couple weeks in South Bend Indiana on May 11th. : )
Well done, ! A real milestone.
love you too! We need to hang out this summer!
#ff as 5 women row across the Atlantic to raise awareness about human trafficking.
I had the worst day ever
Haha No, it was your mom's dog!! :-)
“: karleeelovesyou HAPPY BIRTHDAY BY! I LOVE YOU! HAVE A GOOD DAY <3” thank you :) I love you! <3
thank you 
Jacob Martin/ Justin Moore April 30th. Type it in your calenders!
Proud to be here at the graduation of my nephew Lamar from St Edwards in Austin. That's what it's all about!!!!! :)
You got all that from a drive-by? You really are an amazing reporter! Safe travels.
Prince Sports files for bankruptcy protection
Fuck it, more power to 'em. Just makes me laugh, really. An ironic, slightly crazy laugh, one I'm sure *you* understand...
and dont listen to what these negative ppl are saying thats just the enemy trying to keep you guys down.
Anyone feel like going to the Girls Rule Dance Party this Friday at Ottobar?
Next year I'm taking to Maybe I can visit and when I'm in L.A.!
Of all people - the poor guy lodt his job RT Some meanie pants douche is heckling Joe Nathan. Shelley loves Joe Nathan.
I guess you done feel the same?? :/
Presiding at the regular meeting of John H. Holliday Jr. American Legion Post 186 in Broad Ripple.
are you from Ohio...?
Beirut...Hide and Seek!, a film that I starred in with an awesome, ensemble cast, has been optioned by a company for distribution in Europe.
Were tasting our way through 3 hot restaurants in RB in 1 night!
yea but soon home work shall come to an end and you will finally be free
Follow me @ sexyshanti21 I follow back. :-)
What said; in my experience it was (like orals) a fundamentally underwhelming experience.
Was curious to hear your thoughts about real-time operational intelligence. Speaking with some folks at Red Bull about this
we da we da best ;D I love you too boo :) #CauseGirlYoureAmazingJustTheWayYouAre :P
You already know, let's do it! Only time i'm comin back is Sundays for the
that's where I am...not working...but I'll force it...
For the longest she been wanting to say something but it's nothing important as I thought
me either I miss everyone so much!! Can't wait to be home!!
Acknowledge all things are a blessings because all things are of God
Dropped in on this quarter's first hackathon demos earlier (thanks for the invite ).
bendy straws make me happy
Our work is built on the underpinning that the key to prosperity and accomplishment in today’s demanding global marketplace is best achieve…
Checking out the madness at the New York International Gift Fair. Pier 92 first, Javits center later...
I know this sounds weird but will you do a late night follow for me :) haha
At MCO airport. Policy: cannot sell gum at airport. #?
pack your mace!
occupiedmedia.us ~ Food Writers Issue Statement of Support After Gill Tract Arrests via
Thanks! I'm so slow but I know it'll only get better.
Loving these Exxon Mobile commercials during the Masters.
if you are listening to one of my songs and you think it's about you....it is
Who Gnna Stop Me???
Lunch with always improves the day. M. Korean BBQ.
This rain makes me even more desperate for summer -.- can't wait!
Thank god Language Project isn't due until Wednesday!🙏👼😂
Jack, you are the best!
I believe both!
Check out KHSAA STATE VOLLEYBALL ON iHigh.com
See all of you tonight at 6:30.
Watching P.S. I Love You makes me want to marry someone Irish so much.... Someone find me Hahaha
Please Please go vote for to be covered more at mmagazine here! #needsomevotes polls.m-mag.com/polls/253009 GO NOW!!
Only one week in Tally & I've picked up such a bad habit! 😳
#ThoughtsDuringSchool I wonder if anyone has any gum
You know you're a marketer when... you get super excited over good #email open rates and conversions.
harcdore creeping on sexxy ass boys >>>>>
Hey Para,how's everything?
#teachers-we want to follow you! Mention us and if you have a picture & bio related to K12 Ed we'll follow back!
Ok dick gate keeper, if u ask me "can I help u?" I shud b able to answer yes or no, right? But if I say 'no' they have to rephrase
Thanks! I have sent you the information.
I've been using these 8oz gloves in the gym damn it feels good.
Performance review tomorrow
I got 5 of my facebook friends to like our page, can anyone beat that? ~ Jodie McGovern (admin)
Check out our newest #blog posts featuring a week 2 update and our weekend trip to #Auburn! crzroadtrip.blogspot.com
With summer fast approaching, what are some of your favorite summer jams?
Are you an NYU student living off campus? Apply now to live on campus this Spring. Apply via NYUHome! Email us w/questions:
It's not even funny,it's like I can hear 'The World Famous' sundae calling as soon as I get out of my car in the parking lot!!!
Happy Easter Everyone, we enjoyed easter egg hunting on the beach!!!
missing the boy.
so much better!!thanks!!
PFE has a good quarter with WYE now integrated
First time being called for #JuryDuty tomorrow. Kind of looking forward to it!
thanks for the mention!
Either Touchdown of Nothin...No Field Goals, No Punts...focused
18 Jan: need network solutions for your business? contact
If any of our residents have friends/family come & stay and need hotel, we recommend your fine establishment.
Last final complete. Now treating myself to a nap and Lily&Laura Bracelets.
i watched gavin's too. because im kinda of in love with him.
Good luck to my #PRSSA friends on your finals over the next few weeks. Remember: you survived Conference, finals week will be a breeze.
well when you're in Charlotte I'll take you!
So true.
Thanks for the
It's forever seared into my brain. :)
and I be #twining with that ombré 💗💜❤
What a day.
yes we should! Why haven't we yet? Lol. And I just exploded with joy at the thought of a new $800 Air!
Time is just as easy to find as it is to loose
Pro Am MC Battle TONIGHT feat. Miami premiere of Ice T's new film "The Art of Rap" at 7PM + if you're hungry, is there!
God I love dating straight men.
3 days of plus 3 day weekend. 10-day todo list. At least it won't be boring.
I hate wen I have 2 ask 4 my money,u borrowed it!
Tweet about something other than my books? Like...uh, what?
I think Bronson Pinchot should be cast as Abed's father on
Awesome. Consider yourself penciled.
": tonight lol" Thanks can't wait
My sister or her friend does mine I want to look like a lady 4 adam but you are going to see richard when
we shall see
get it, tiger!
In the fast-paced world of business, fun & work often seem to be an oxymoron. Fun should be part of an organization’s overall strategy.-JW
Well, there goes the fancy pants documentary that FSC are constantly punting about King Kenny and Liverpool. RE-EDIT?
that bitch from miss dorritys class looks like a horse hahahaha and her bestfriend can suck it~
Only in f*ing Boston does a fender bender make the news on repeat because it's a sports player.
finally watched. Thought Bruce and the band sounded awesome. Bruce looks totally energized by this new stuff!
Is there any artist that can tell me who is #167 on Top 200 and what they sold this week? I will give $200.00 right now
These refs SUCK No calls for Pacers every call for Miami!!!!
just wanted to say, loving your twit pic.
Just went thru our followers and made sure everyone was followed back .! :) - Zaona
Its SODMG over everything. Swag me out cause bitch I gotta sack now. SMOOK!!!
It looks stormy in #Indy. Looks like a great night to start up the fire and sip some award-winning wine.
cool thx for clarifying that
Your're welcome! So glad you had a good time!
Aw, the Obamas are hosting a Burt Bacharach concert in the East Room next week
Good morning. How are you today? No really, how are you?
Apparently someone will die in every single show CBS airs this week
should have the t-shirt that says: "Don't MAKE me make you ask your heart." Cuz she said that & she loves fiercely.
congrats on your new marketing degree...
yep. pro tools works on mac and pc. .
“ "Change the changeable, accept the unchangeable, and remove yourself from the unacceptable." ~ Denis Waitley”
When life hands you lemons, stick em down your shirt and make your boobs look bigger.
In two hours I will be coaching my football team to another victory and we will be 6 and 1 and on to the playoffs.
I love my dad. Needed to hear his voice and sweet words. Seconds after I prayed, God affirmed through Him.
Stop by Firehook Bakery of Columbia Square for a great pastry!
Yep..Spring Break is definitely over. Feel like I am halfway through my day and it's only 8:30...
hope you help us! Not trying to spam you! Just needing all the help we can get to make ' dream come true! :D
I'm tired of picking from your lame tweets. Instead I'm going to take this time to announce that I am a loser.
Pretty great lunch yesterday good job to Donald Link and the crew, I've miss you guys
Everything I do...I do it for me!!!
Firearms Review: The Kimber Solo - Police News
At this point I could hear less if I'm taken or single ;
Ima grind for it, I dont want nothing free. Ima go get it, you dont gotta come to me.
A good general not only sees the way to victory; he also knows when victory is impossible
did you see the sale at ? 30% off sale
What's #Pujols gonna do? Stay w/ the #Cardinals? #Marlins? #Angels? Anxious to find out!
Did you know that income tax is about $1 Trillion per year in America, but PAYROLL tax is also $1 Trillion? #Nuts!
Thank you for the ReTweets & Mentions Have a great weekend!
omg the slurpee baja blast sounds insanely awesome
Track meet today!
Good morning everyone :)
It's all be fun and games until someone gets their eye burned out … RT : wanted: laser pointer tag setup for office
I hate when you cant tell if someone is being serious over messaging and stuff . -____-
Leaving home is hard but atleast I'm going to Miami!!!!
Idk why im watching full house
Morgan got me up with the birds I love my unborn baby girl
yea im damn near naked its so hot. in this bitch want to lay up under me go home shit
Moment you share empowers the moment of learning and engagement. Great discussion at Bridging the Divide.
Girl i so agree with you and did you notice hw Rocky waited to say what he did after John Cena walked ?
I only wish that I could find a disney movie on tv monday tv sucks
Aw, sorry to hear! Are you feeling better? We had awful colds last week here.
Movies w/my Chick !
Thanks! 'Energizing Indiana' helps you save
Awesome! Bristol music lovers are in for a great treat!
My mini-vacation starts in 45 minutes! HOORAY! Florida bound!
RT : Off to Phoenix for the Davos of the Desert, #eisummit. Are u going? Let me know about best future concepts for highered there.
Ok good. I used to it with you. LOL... When does the schedule have you coming back more than 24 hours?
o, just how I likes em ;)
what a find! Hahaha
IM SORRY I WAS JUST WONDERING HOW OLD U WERE
Had a good BBQ and pool party this evening. Now it's time for TV shows!
You too, Justin! :)
Ditto. RT : Good morning Coffee. I love you.
Great stuff, Frank, can't wait!
If I never met u I wouldn't like u If I didn't like u I wouldn't love u If I didn't love u I wouldn't missu But I did I do & I always will
Great form, man. I can tell that shot went in.
See Thas Just Why I Fall Asleep On Yaa nah
I'll know more tomorrow but it looks like the transmission is shot on my Cadillac. OVERDUE for a new ride!
FrenchLaundry for 10yrAnniv two weeks ago, Denny's (w coupon) this morn for Mother's Day, equally joyful I must say. My boys smiles melt me!
Hang in there!
#NP Diamond District - &
Join us this Saturday for another tailgate party and some football. Go Owls!
What ya building over there?
,its a rainy gloomy Indiana day,I'm thinking mindfreak marathon!!
Bitches will never be ME ..
when, if ever, will there be a Serenity 2?
Penn Jillette hasn't worked in tech. ;)
“: Being Broke Is A Sin this album is it.#Salute”1luv bro
Marlins 1st round pick from last year Jose Fernandez's line tonight (Single A) 6 IP, 0 H, 0 R, 2 BB, 8 K
Ha! Whered he the blazer? #menswarehouse RT Hershel looks mighty snappily dressed for the zombie Apocalypse.
Can't wait to see what call Scott Foster is gonna blow now that it's the 4th quarter.
I wanted to text you, but then I remembered, we don't talk anymore.
you're such a slut it's disgusting
They might not need anybody else but Kemba...we'll see!
baby James is too funny :p haha.
you are an amazing dancer! And so pretty!!! :) please follow me thank you :)
thanks for these Emily!
Save me a seat in Sugar Land! :)
So with Gamel done why not put Hart at first let Aoki/Morgan platoon RF and Gomez/Aoli platoon CF?
I'll be there. I'm going to the Thursday game. Don't have any real logistics planned outside of that.
UR SO RIGHT
Hahaha It tired me out too. Thanks for being a great shrink ! See you girls later!
go to the brew city store and make them give you a t-shirt!
he had a monster season, just didn't get the exposure
Happy Monday to our MTCP'ers! Who had a school musical last weekend? How did it go?
Great first performance of this piece in #Colombia, though. Only going to get better from here.
430 our time but i wont be back till 12am :/
Live music at Varsity Bar! Mike Dubose, Don Harvey and Jansen Hawkins!! Music starts at 6pm, $3.75 Study Breaks (Jager shot & Lonestar pint)
Merry Christmas to all and to all a good night...
DEFICIT OF TRUST. Brilliant
In 20-30 years one of the hardest things our kids will have to do is finding a username that hasn't already been taken.
great job Luke!
what's ur Skype name there's three different Chloe maslows lol
maybe its his ghost trying to talk to you
HAPPY Helen Hayes to everyone! Especially We are so very proud of you!!
any movement in the Dade job?
a restaurant . lolol
Keith ova there actin out songs and sht!
it was funny, lighten up.
heat lost. fuck it. lets drink.
midterm time. let's get this over with. dear powers above, please don't let me fall asleep.
Well done for the morning time for a nap then i think ill work on getting my youtube page linked
Ima ace this test tomorrow ^_^
Just tapped, Kolsh Ale (replaces Tandum Double Ale)
MIT Acceptance Decisions just went live ... Time to find out if you made in or not.
It's not comparable, yet, though it will doubtless get there. But "conservative" is the wrong pole: statists and libertarians.
are the baseball guys home yet? cause nobody can get a hold of him..
12,000 people are following you!!! what?
#Salute to an iconic figure in the #FashionIndustry for yrs of cultivating design
Let the quarterback controversy begin! #Browns RT : Cleve going Weeden
Thanks for the feedback. We'll pass it along to the workshops team.
Went by the crib to smoke a blunt and got straight chills what a trip.
Last chance: If you want to be included in Teaching Carnival 5.09, send me link to your post on teaching by Friday.
Raising my glass cause I am wrong in all the right ways....
can't complain, been on the grind #teamnosleep what you got coming up next?
Texting #oomf about #oomf lol & they know each other lol. Not bad stuff though :)
those last two, I would hardly call men.
I believe you are! You'll have to let us know when they're finished!
Companies attending #packexpo cautious, but not freaking out about possibility of double-dip recession.
As I am tweeting the game goes over ! Thanks Keith for a great day !
Sweet gherkins! I'm not sure if I should pretend to ignore or call the police on these noises from the apartment upstairs...
i watch it everytime
Just left da studio killa joint wit
looking closer to 10:45, running late! :)
The WACO Brothers and Hugh Bob & The Hustle tonight at 10!!
CleanStart is great for 1st timers! Gets deep in your colon. RT : what's a good cleanse 4 a 1st timer?
Don’t change yourself for someone, if they don’t appreciate the way you are, find someone who will. :) RT if you agree
I'd never heard tell the "ghostbuster" bachelor party story before. A missed opportunity but still HILARIOUS!
ThingsIReallyCantStand People who change because someone else influenced them to.
Damn. I've been hacked lmao twitter got my ass I dot even know how
I will! Probably be a few months- I am a slow painter! Thanks :)
Like our hero Adam Kline says, we are SMART on crime instead of shortsightedly TOUGH on crime. Join us and plan to #giveBIG this Tuesday!
OMG Dizzam! is hosting SNL right now. My night is made! That accent makes everything hot! #la noche sabado viva
Happy Monday! Steak and shrimp for lunch?
ur really pretty maybe we can be friends
aww... he could save you money on car insurance!
. might just be one of my favorite email composers … like, ever. Definitely in the top five.
I don't want you to EVER get over it. I love this post! I've native ancestors who were slaughtered in order to take their land.
Estupido internet lento!!
right... #jets SUCK !
high school reunion and of course the Connors
Woolard: Nobody wants to see anyone living in poverty. President Sullivan's email... Cut her some slack.
RT I stepped on a cornflake now I`m a cereal killer
bitch are you drunk? It's a weekday!
I'll Send you some free recordings mp3 of mine. Frnk, Tony, Dean type Music. Just follow me Jay Markoff on Facebook.
There's too much opportunity out there so never give up, ever.
Well, at least the Dbacks lost as well.
look forward to sharing many more tweets with you!
Please follow ! She loves you so much! #Enchancer  19
Sounds like NYT made mistake in data analysis that led to wildly wrong estimate of % students borrow for college.
wtf was that called as a foul
What #soccer coaches say vs. what soccer players hear: WE NEED TO BE MORE CONSISTENT. = You all suck.
Thanks for the RT, guys!
I hvnt been fuckin wit twitter like i used to
Feels like thursday
😱 well fine bitch it wasn't aimed towards you anyways....
Feeling very carnivorous today. Grrr. Making a dry rub for tri-tip dinner later.
#DAMM your twins look delicious :-)
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 35
Sliced tomatoes from the garden drizzled with olive oil and sprinked with sea salt and basil. Add cheese and whole grain crackers. Yum!
Thank you for the #MACmoms ultimate makeover
Im getting too much messages that someone is posting bad stuff about me:(
he kinda did, i asked if it was cool if you came and he said yeah its fine.
Madonna should lip synch to Clint Eastwood
It's always better when we're together.
isn't that what twitter is for??
Buying a new toothbrush is always an exciting and wondrous venture for me.
holy shit. he was talking about jews "that fell asleep in rooms and ovens" i cant make this up....that was serious.
Wish I was at the #KentuckyDerby right now wearing a big hat & sipping a mint julep! (minus the horse poop) ha
Gaggle of yellow fluffy Canadan goslings seen in Twin Cities area. Whatever you think of the adult birds, those guys R 2 cute.
Don't justify your disobedience to God's Word by appealing to the abuse of God's Word by others. (Sam Storms)
It's fascinating how the art world is just like the world itself; boring and repeating itself infinitely!
What kind?
Three Words....Kogan Is Real
What is the best lunchtime side for your sandwich or burger - fries, fruit or coleslaw?
hopefully. Got to change some recipes.
Rain getting heavier, hope I don't wake up to flooding.
Youre very welcome :]
Yes the people want to know. Webinar oversubscribed for update on NYState Health Insurance Exchange. h/t
YES. I've learned to specifically ask about chicken stock, bacon grease, etc. I don't get what is so hard to understand!
Just joined the Diva Night planning committee for the with Woot!
I wanna see Diddy do what Dre did with Biggie that would b the shit east coast baby
ok i did tell danni she my gf
yeah, he the one who did my cover up at the shop, but he having the party at the crib...
I was surprised by the selection of SK+G. I think the "trash can" could have gone viral too...
Long night ahead
We'll see about that. RT : My exp: All Safeways are anti-bike rack
What the hell RT : 1 out of every 4 teenage girls have an STD.
why not finally say that policy of always opposing the president purely political reasons is completely unamerican/childish
I appreciate your tweets.
O about to have 1,000 by tomorrow!!!!!
“: YO! party at roscoes when I get back lol! Fried chicken on me!” < I'm in. Not turning that down.
the hardest part of living is just taking breaths to stay.
It's the 2-week PhD workshop for online students in Texas Tech's TC and Rhetoric program “: What is #nar11?”
I remember years ago when & I had a shared bep account called DollyPartonFan. LMFAAAOOO
Look at that score, Jayanti! 10 million. Would have kept going but a power killed me.
Got up super late.... Still made it to class on time
good morning everyone!:) I'm off school today, what's everyone else up to?:)
Playing 412 Fest! Our set is at 3pm, hope to see yall there :)
Some turkey this afternoon then coding/debugging tonight. Hope I figure this one out.
I'm sure it will be, but sadly, I'll be in Minnesota for my sister's college graduation. So sad to miss!
So tired my bed looks so inviting... want to share with off ;p
Goodnight! :D
What a wonderful night with great friends.
Watching the debate and missing Teddy Kennedy...
Thank you! They definitely helped thanks:) Well..its not the sort of thing that gets better, but keep her in your prayers that
Call today w/ my pops re: the series we're creating. I appreciate his insight & being the wind beneath my wings.
Can expect too much more from a guy who hits a fire extinguisher
Shooting with PRJTS in LA
I say this every day, but I DO NOT want to get out of bed. :(
You are always beautiful and profoundly worthwhile. Call me. Miss you, lovely.
Caitlin & CaitlinLovers? Are you fucking kidding me right now?
Hoping you win #nextironchef! *fingers crossed*
- Harry styles
Selfishness is weakness. But loving and caring for others is a position of power beyond anything we can possibly imagine.
I can't believe issue 3 passed, smh
SIX DAYS NO CIGARETTES :-)
im sorry I couldnt get ucla to offer you. :-)
thanks for the shoutouts and follow!!!
#np we found love - rihanna
Home just in time to watch the Packer game
want! Details!
Call me a "goody-two-shoes" or whatever, but I honestly just DON'T find drug use attractive.
we totally see why the anubis photo brought that to mind!
Can I get a "Stay Crispy!" or "Liv it up!" ? If so, I would be eternally happy.(:
Good luck
It's sad when people realize what they really want when it's too late.
Uh oh, my identity has been stolen:-(
#Team2TONE countdown for the single release! Day 7!
#ff #onlyonedayoff have a great weekend!
like to be in the gatorade commercial! When and where is it??
I'm helping the community 😂
#MyPastRelationships have been hell.
F the DMV seriously.
The fact that most people didn't understand Paul's Boutique only made me love it more.
S/O 2 and the rest of the #SCRSCReamTeam for being RYDAZ! We Luv yall ! #SCRSCReamTeam All Day!!!
When you divorce the love of God away from His actions for you all you get is formulas and "how to" speeches.
We are looking for Coldfusion programmers here in Wisconsin. Our company is growing rapidly and have great opportunities for motivated indi…
So who's excited for the weekend? I know I am!
RT : Sometimes its hard not to think about our past, but in the end it helps us with the decisions in our future.
Infrastructure projects are fine but are Kenyans prepared to maintain them? - Daily Nation
I <3 daylight savings time. That is all.
this information is from Morgan Stanley Research
thanks for posting the pix sis
yup RT : I could watch #duckdynasty all day...oh look, a marathon.
Far Away
well i dnt think they sellin vip til toma cause the resale was sellin them today like they was suppose too
We've all seen a dirty car in the parking lot with "wash me" spelled out in the dirt. Has anyone ever written a message on your car?
Hahahahahahahaha!! Thanks :) RT Just thought I'd let you know that you probably have the cutest laugh in existance.
same names. How crazy? It's a sign that you have to follow me! 😘
Watching the Poison Behind the Music and seeing the gal with the huge hair saying "I think Poison kicks serious ass!"
Bulls win!!!
Had a great show loved my fans!!!!
Worst Hip-Hop Jobs: Jay-Z's Family Bodyguard, Weed Carriers, Nicki Minaj's Wig ... - The BoomBox
St Even: Patron saint of peripatetic prognosticators
At editors studio about to watch 1st rough cut of footage....anxious as hell!
So the synopsis of Rowling's new novel sounds *very* British to me. As a Brit disguised as an American, I'm okay with this.
Hahaha. Was like crack for my ADD. That part of my personality loved twitter. New stuff every 5 seconds.
Australia, other side of the world :/
#RockCenter about Bin Laden assault is an amazing piece of journalism
however this 2nd half play out...this is going to be one really entertaining last 45...i am pumped!!
nice work with Alex. I #respect your authenticity.
This is really throwing me off . . .
If auditioning and constantly letting others go ahead of you because u aren't ready yet, it makes you look weak and not ready!
I wanna go to the park
Back home to Denver 2day, seeing south 2night. Great way to unwind!
Have you seen The General? Another terrific one for him.
Re: On offense - Do it 27 days from now & see if U set them off again. Timing is everything ;-))
damn is that your house?!
weird thrift store items? I buy that. git repos at work? I pull that. Petroleum, matches, your rhymes? I BURN THAT!!!!
I hate hurrying up just to wait
Wonder who else was with Newman in time square last night.
Peer pressure “: put your time in.”
Wondering wen will my breakthrough happen. I've been struggling soo long. Must be time for my breakthrough.
You know...it kinda does. Yeah and this so called "Ingles" is my dealer...
i need your contact info asap
there are so many things I would rather be doing then homework....
These are the best. Cant wait! RT With games starting this weekend in Maryvale "Island Noodles" concession stand is being set up
Man I need to hoop today. I need a good cram session in my life.
RT : Anyone thirsty this Thursday? Visit The Center Bar and 505 Fusion
RT : The MLK Teen Space is holding Girls Rock! Learn to play instruments, learn about music and rock camp. Be there on 5/19 at 1.
manic panic is vegan.
Stevie Wonder, to me , is the best thing that has ever touched the music business. Beautiful.
“: #Scorpios never give up. Their fierce dedication causes them to be natural winners.”
I'm reading SO SHELLY by
RT ApeVazi: RT IntriguingFacts: #IntriguingFacts For beer commercials, they add liquid detergent to the beer to make it foam more.
How is everyone doing today? I hope everyone is well and ready to enjoy the weekend
"JOEY AND JANICE'S DAY OF FUN!!" :) only my and my mom!
ehhh my sister choose the wrong time to leave. im gonna hit so much traffic coming home -___-
Anyone out there (or know someone who is) looking to buy or sell a home in Arlington, Northern VA, or DC? I'm your man.
haha thank you!
They changed the name to 'Facebook' because 'Stalk my ex' seemed a bit too creepy.
But if its only mentioned once, dont u think adultery & divorce r much bigger issues to sanctity of marriage?
when do you come home?
This second bagel is for the All Falls Down type bitches out there who spend all their money partying.
I'm going to try! Need to start putting together that application...
Hello Miriam! Nice to meet, always happy to chat about #musesocial and #MuseEd stuff
OK #Pandora, apart from the fact they both lack Adam's apples can u give 1 good reason why Adele's playing on the Alanis Morissette station?
You may not always end up where you thought you were going, But you will always end up where you were meant to be.
Yup I could definitely live with that for the rest of my life.
thanks! we're trying hard to pull it all together
Feelin Good! Living Life!
aw cramps suck
Ugh the opener of the second series... Like I just can't.. Omg Maxxie, let me love you
On my way to with LMFAO tix in hand. 18+ to party tonight!
Awesome meeting with last night - stay tuned for their upcoming feature on the site.
The 2012 summer movie preview
About to watch sister in Fear Factor Live! Go Sabrina!
Just scampered past a magpie, then stopped & munched an acorn.
This Monster Golf place is kinda scary... It's too much for me right now! 😳
It was bound to happen at some point with the way I play. Ain't to worried about holes in a Martin after seeing Willie's!
Anyone know a good, reliable, cheap plumber in RVA? Need gas logs installed and the guy I hired was a no show. #plum,er
I love my Cuzo. She's going to enjoy her bday this yr! Can't wait!
hell she had dumb hands bro pmao
thanks, Lucas! Nor I Jackson's! Congratulations brother!
i have two. My good one is Stars <-Kelsey xoxo>
Taking a mini-vacation to Seattle this weekend, even though it hosted my least favorite season of The Real World.
The ratchedness that will take place at LHS after us seniors leave .... Smh these underclassman are all types of questionable
Great nice day in #DenverCo man I love my city!
Watching "Los Angeles Clippers at San Antonio Spurs" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
#RVA great #restaurant secret? Chicken Fiesta on Midlo Tnpk, by State Police Hqtrs. Affordable and really good!
Somebody That I Used to Know by Goyte is this year's Pumped Up Kicks
She just stuck in houstatlantavegas
One way is that it gets offenders out of prison, the so-called "school of crime", thus preventing further criminality.
Just Got Home, iGuess It's #HomeworkTime *SIGH*
Get yo 1989 wind breakers out!!! All jokes aside...TY everyone in advance who comes out to battle the 1 star wind... TYTYTYTYTY XOXOXO
The way we choose to see the world creates the world we see.
Thanks for making my bad days better with your music...you rock :) <3
Haha "spice up" and "jewelmint" what a contradictory ad. xD
What a beautiful mess, what a beautiful mess I'm in. Spendin' all my time with you, there's nothin' else I'd rather do<3
According to Jim Rogers: "History teaches us that such imprudent monetary and fiscal behavior has always led to economic disaster." I agree!
Leading issue from the AFP Fiscal Reform conference is "How to best restrain the growth of runaway government in Oregon"
Now here's a #project worth doing ;-)
So many changes in the NBA..... I'm looking for a new team to be a Fan of.
do people REALLY wear "wodkilla" socks? thats just... no! i cant handle the term wodkilla in general or anyone labeling themselves as such
my email program sends it directly to the spam folder. I don't correct the computer.
Happy Valentine's Day. Enjoy this speical day with your loved one.
O a o Let's go Red.
I heard dubstep in the Wrath of the Titans Tv spot. So so so fitting.
Oh ok i see haha that's a good reason lol
#GossipGirl date tonight!
me everyday.
Reason #268 why the #Bears suck! #onwisconsin RT: Looks like Bears did not sign either Philip Welch or Kyle Wojta
NOW STREAMING JOHN MAYERS NEW ALBUM IN FULL 😄😄😄😄🎸🎧🎸
Huge piece of chocolate strawberry birthday cake...awesome but I can't finish it...any more and I'm ralphing!
Extending brand: problem with publishing is infastructure - need to quckily build &amp; release things. Distribution is now easier.
I am so nervous for the #NYR game. I have a feeling that Henry will need to stand on his head for the #NYR to win
thanks boo!
When I Got Banked By Murad & Ricky <
I support that 100%
It's Saturday and we are serving up $10 cheese flights until 6. Nosh: the cold cereal and cartoons of adulthood.
no problem
Falling Alseep In His Arms Felt Almost Perfect(:
Yes, thought the same thing. A very nice homage to one of the great movie car chases.
my phone finally decided to act right and send the e-mail
Oh yes, my husband & I like walking around there after work on Friday's.
do you have IG?
quit crying gosh ☺
Morning exams are the worst x.x think I did well though...
Good pick! They will probably get into NMH as teenagers and think they've "discovered" it. Unless, of course, they're teenagers now.
Events in LA?
I'm always in the mood to write when I have so much other stuff to do. Guess it's time to restructure.
I wonder why clothing co. like RocaWear, Phat Farm, Sean John and others haven't come out with school uniforms??
Aha! Very interesting.
Ankles Are Honest
DE Nick Perry is now a Green Bay Packer. Thumbs up on that pick?
Oh. My. God. He needs serious junk punching & kicking
Scary weather..
Can my husband please look like please
Favorite Rappers In My "BackYard"
I WANNA BE NOTICED BY YOU<3 :(
Me too , which one do u attend?? RT : I belong in a mental home..
A smile is a curve that sets everything straight. - Phyllis Diller
hahahha! they just wanna be that pretty (;
If anyone knows where I can get some cheapish dublin boots in size 5 then let me know:) x
Also, add in with that last one too...
#volleyball in athletics. 💜
Hope not... lmao
I like how both the exams im taking today give me permission to cheat.
Its funny how we use to be cool friends...but then something change because we became total strangers.
I think you're one of the first to rock the "film" trading cards
Thanks! Hopefully we'll be back soon.
Gorgeous day! Finishing my presentation outside then playing all day!
My label: "Airhead" What is your label? #StopBullying 11.
Good luck Michael, if only we could have you when you were a lot younger, thanks for the memories..
#lcd Peerless PLA60 LCD TV Mount
Oh man, am I going to have to owe you royalties if I go forward with that?
A big day for the 1%
#teamblack is going all the way!
Massage can help relieve symptoms of depression, reduce anxiety, promote sleep and reduce pain
Kevin McCarthy = Hero, for reading Atlas Shrugged.
THESE LABEL SIGNING NIGGAS FROM THE HOOD WHO ANIT NEVER HAD SHIT SO THEY TAKE 60,000 RECORD DEAL NOT KNOWING THAT ANIT SHIT
Reminded tonight of sheer scale/violence of UR in SF: its Redevelopment Agency made DURA (Denver UR agency) seem like a warm, comforting hug
Storm passing. No power since 7AM. Lots of limbs down (some big). None of our trees fell, yet. Plenty of batteries but no instant coffee!
Why is cable not working #timewarner sucks right now
Water shut off to KFA, CSH & Rodli Hall on Tues, May 1, from 9 am-noon due to the Cascade Project. Contact Facilities Management at 3827.
I'm crying right now. You don't know how proud I an of Justin.
Now watching #SFGIANTS VS #MARLINS zambrano vs zito battle of the Z's comcast sports bay area ch419 dish network. #FUCKHOCKEY GO!!
NWAACC men’s basketball: Shoreline 38, Lower Columbia 32.................HALFTIME
Playing tonight with and - a few tickets still avail at door- Doors 8:30-we take the stage at 9:30!
I'm allergic to plums, I break out in a rash on my face when I eat them.. And I can't stop eating them.
left-overs are great lunches.
You can put it on the board
Helping Des Ark and Pygmy Lush book their spring tour. It's going to be phenomenal.
Also, if you guys have pixs from April event, email 'em and we'll post em
You must KEEP UP with the Assignment on your life!
Now it's off to Austin with the family. A travel-filled weekend. 3 hours in the car means homework.
Little Richard was seriously injured in a car accident on this day in 1985. Is that why he's had so much plastic surgery?
Often imitated but never duplicated
nawl not yet I just walked in da crib I ain't forget my nigga I got u
RT : Good luck in #greekweek bowling tonight!!
nahh..gotta start a #riot bih
Kings win. AHAHAHAHAHAHA.
i know i just find it ironic
Let go of all your inner fears
Do you use other forms of heat? A fireplace or wood burning stove?
you won't be disappointed. They are definitely two gems on the May schedule.
If the dole whips don't work then Jamie has definitely become a more expensive date than all of Chino remembers.
Enjoy! :) : coming from mi I want them!!
Today's BTU inspiration: "Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions." ~Dalai Lama
then Phoenix is for you. We have dominant dive bars, Irish bars, sports bars -- That's why I love it.
The book comes out this July. Watch for it on amazon.com.
Remember the Days I use to be a Light-Weight.
Digging jazz and reading through 's blog today. If only my music history teacher had based her class on The Rest is Noise.
Also: thanks iTunes Genius for deciding that Justin Bieber feat. Sean Paul belongs on this reggae playlist. Srsly.
I still can't skate very well LOL I'll stick with walking!
Get your basil on with our dinner special tonight: Pesto Shrimp & Pasta sautéed in garlic, olive oil & cherry tomatoes, just $18.95!
Headed to knoxville!!
yea I had to blink a few times to tell it was Jared Leto!
FOLLOW FLOWER Thank you for your
Thank you for the support :D
UPDATE: Actor Joe Coyle (Ocean's Eleven) and producer Minette Seate (WQED) will join the January 30th panel at Carnegie Mellon University.
Wanted to get fucked up tonight since I'm so upset about my ex. But guess that won't happen.
thanks for the follow:)
Don't get me started on SpecLab & the German waterbed company. That was my PhD research made un-citable.
anything less would be uncivilized. I appreciate all you do to keep safety first.
We enjoyed hearing Chief Innovation Officer Naomi Fried speak on "Innovating Innovation" at the recent #iHT2 Summit in ATL!
Wow! Is she for hire?
Even if I am (will be) on the other side of the state, there's plenty more SA folks where that came from... like !
And I saw the True Blood advertisement with Detective Stabler aka Christopher Meloni! I'm so excited!!
My shitty day was completely turned around :)! sucks I have to be at work in 3hrs .....nap time
Dude my meeting started 10 minutes ago gtfo please
You got it !
See you here!
I wanna go swimming on this nice day
It's true that we don't know what we've got until we lose it, but it's also true that we don't know what we've been missing until it arrives
wow is gay haha don't you think so lol
If you don't believe that you're creating your world,whether it be your successes or your failures then you're at the mercy of circumstances
aren't you going with Kaylynn?
Give customers enough information to persuade themselves to buy. I do this constantly!
"Smartacus" is a pretty awesome nickname for Marcus Smart.
#Don'tBeAfriad To Sing As Loud As You Want.
what kind? 17183165249
Whatever school decides to go to, they will be LUCKY to get him! So great!!
What?!? is into hot yoga? Somebody's lived in Madison too long. Does he also have Birkenstocks?
no I won't have any til Weds I was saying you'll get free cupcakes the day of the event...
In the office between Christmas and new years day. Thankful that "looking at pretty pictures in magazines" is part of my job.
Dire Straits was a good choice.
My brother thinks you look like Demi Lovato. Ha! RT : just saw Pantene girls commercial. Star struck!
Can one advocate for neuter/spay and still follow the precept/commandment of not killing anything?
Welcome to Matt Scumaci's Official Twitter Account! Please follow him today to access the latest updates! Like me on Facebook!!
surprised that and stuck to the favorites in the early games (except NCST which is listed as a favorite but is a dog)
Geting some OT. Had to come to work early to cover somebody. What was I thinkin tho!
Thank so much for these!
you told me to take my time that's exactly what I did
I have been gone from twitter for way too long! This is what happens when you lose your job, find another, and spend 3 wks traveling
I was in more of a sit on the couch mood than a go to Town mood, plus you weren't going to be at the game anyway, so why bother?
She a playa fr fr , I'll give her that thou...
I can do ANYTHING! Except fold a fitted sheet, I'll never be able to do that.
Just got in the house lol
#ifiwereasuperhero I'd fly and do endless back flips... E
Chris Webber more or less just told Blake Griffin not to be Vlade Divac.
50 years in business - pretty proud time for all of us @ Custom Art. Thank you all for everything!
lol its funny to watch and he is The Biggest Tim Tebow Lover.
I have a love/hate relationship with popcorn.
Thanks, but not this time. Quick trip to N. Indiana to see the fam & W. Lafayette for my little bro's graduation from Purdue:)
Damn, should of stretched more. My left leg is destroyed. Can't be that bad though.
“ if ANY of your tweets are directed to ME, then mention me, better yet call me. you have my number. thank you.”
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 34
Opening day! Go Phils!
Home from Europe...amazing week, wish it wasnt over! Good times <3
Raja from drag race is performing at the gay bar next to the theatre in Houston on NYE... May have to stop over!
Gosh, I love you so much.
uh - in my sci-fi collection. You of all people should know that. Sci-fi and baroque.
Arlington National. So much history. A very sobering & humbling place. Luv to you girl.
Brilliant #marketing #hershey new air chocolates. They are filled with air #greatLessChocolateMoreAIR whoo hoo
Thanks my guy! Stay in touch, let's grab lunch soon.
yaa thats true, but i mean right now i can still swim and stuff and its fine but if it blows out then i have no idea....
No T-Sizzle this season?!
Time to stop being so dramatic. My body will accept the rigors of racing this weekend. #mental inertia #sport psychology
you so dont get
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana banana man (Cinderella man/rain man)
Follow me? :)
Congrats to and for having the two best #SXSW trade show booths. Funny that they are both mobile case makers.
S/o to all the niggas that thought boosie was out
Austin #F1 Racetrack will be called #Circuit of the Americas!
what's that stylus you're using with the #iPad ?
yea that would be nice. thanks
What's happening this weekend that's confetti and hood worthy?
God is still using PCA as a launch point for changing the entertainment industry!!! Amazing. God you are higher than any other!
plus u got daddy to help. Can't imagine ladies who do that all alone. God bless um
Heyy, follow me?
THINK PINK but dont wear it. - Uncle Karl
I think the Packers should be allowed to play with an extra DB to help them catch up.
all those poor raccoons and wombats. When electrified their hair stay straight for hours!
5 exams down 2 to go!! tomorrow will mark the official end of high school for me :) thank god!!
anywhere :D
imma need a moment cause moments last forever.
people really need to keep their hands to themselves how u come into someones house n steal ..smh
In other words, this is your LAST CHANCE to save yourself from failing my course (p.s. I'm a secular humanist/Unitarian)
On my way to AWP. Getting warmed up with some hugging, handshaking and back patting calisthenics.
tries to spin truth in favor of but it just rings hollow! Just more of the same
I used to work at Loved it!
you don't have to thank me honey
Ericka Dasher from Jane by Design has amazing lips. Every episode I'm intrigued by them
OMM how did I not realize was following me?!?! I have been asking him to follow me for like ever! What the heck
Check out the brains on u! haha
are you making us breakfast? Lol
I'm thinking you've got a lil baby baking in the oven. That's joyous news, but all the men that fancy you might be sad now!
when can you do the photo shoot?
From fighting for the #AJA to helping homeowners, it’s all here with the Weekly Wrap Up: OFA.BO/nnmjnP
no worries. You around on Monday for a quick chat? unrelated to the desert...
both works for me i get out of work at 6!
hit me up if you want to come. people are gonna be rigid
I fear it's just going to get worse as other apps update to support ICS.
Wow. Google+ is so pretty! Too bad I never use it.
Not much of anything is priced in. Bull case is that everything will work out fine. Bear case is that crash unavoidable.
Actually, I heard recently that professors' retirement accts perform well b/c they set them up and don't touch them for 40 yrs.
my senior quote RT I was wearing new jeans today and have just realized I went the whole day with the sticker on my leg..
Anyone else going to see The Album Leaf tonight at Bottom Lounge?
My obsession is becoming beautiful!
Using #SocialMedia for disasters, AMPLIFY the messaging from a lead response organization
Ok, stop raining now. Thanks.
text me?
the best part about it is trying to plan a wedding around a green card schedule
wow!! I just experience some super relevant targeted email marketing from Columbia Business School. Love it.
You are having awesome luck with these blind dates, no? Blue moon? Karaoke night part II?
How much do you like the creeper spot, ????
Charging into the PM hours! The Crew is hard at work booking meetings!
RT : Did you know someone needs blood every seven seconds? That every pint of blood can save three lives?
You probably thought u had my heart
Jeremy Thorpe~ Greater love hath no man than this that he lay down his friends for his life.
Just finding out that Toby Keith's 'Red Solo Cup' is a thing. Dang.
Im on one
RT Kool-aid no sugar..ham no burger..peanut butter no jelly? #ReallyDude ---------> Yall aint never got two things that match
"New Rose" by The Damned always makes me want to dance like a Peanuts character....I am not embarrassed by this.
That awkward moment when you #fallinlove for somebody that has girlfriend;(
the things we do. It's just crazy. This is why we're bestfriends. (: Love you. <3
going blonde tomorrow. this head is in dire need of a change, and a smokin' hot one at that!
Thought the filmmaking discussion went well, thank you to Keith for joining me and to Mrs. Scriven for asking us to participate!
I'm wondering the same thing xD
Nurture your contacts with wedding coordinators to get good business
Simply have faith that when it is right it will happen
LBJ is a more rounded Bernard King or Dominique Wilkins . . . he can fill up a stat sheet as well as if not better than anyone, but he ...
what year did u graduate from woodlane hills
HERE BLAINE, I TWEETED!
If you need new or used tires for your car and you in stockton get at me
Haha RT : For real tho, Reggie Miller should NOT be allowed to announce Knicks games. I HATE that guy.
i want to work with you musically
1) Catch parent's eye 2) ask parent if they can help stop it 3) super power intervention -the flight attendant
I've seen worse...
Love this idea. RT : afternoon of #FemTechNet dedicated to imagining/scoping a "massively distributed" FemTechSci course
Sounds great, in theory. Could be just a bunch of laser hair and salons.
Awww Follow Me
RT Never let your memories be greater than your dreams
ha well thats clints and janets stash, I only got the cheez-its
the clouds!! Haha, poundin' the pavement, searching for tutors! How's the weather in LA?
#FeelBetterFriday to everyone with UC & Crohn's, especially my lovely nephew! Let's find a cure for these horrible diseases!
! v.: Representing #smcsac at #connectionopolis tonight are --be sure to say hello!
When I try & pinch you.. you run away like a little..... bahahaha
I am so ready for summer!! :) Bring on the sunshine, and the beach!
": No words." Wtf happened man. This is so upsetting.
i was trying to make it it's been bothering me all period
Built by God... Made to last! Don't settle for anything less!
We need easy to build gaming tools for learning. Flash is not that easy to learn. Maybe HTML5?
Come in for Island Night!!! $4.50 Margaritas and $3 Coronas.. Also Ask about our new soup of the day!!
Everything comes on, on Tuesdays! Its so hard to choose what to watch
Just like & other papers can help PreK-3 reading by articles for parents; they can help point 2 #iastem foundations in news
Looks like I need to make a weekend trip! RT : First day of Spring? 8"+ new, with more snow in the forecast Thursday....
Top o th mornin to y'all! I hope you all have a wonderful st. Patrick's day!! :)
hey Sarah! Thank you! You are PRETTY freaking cool too!
Just seeing this new twitter outline.....kinda like it!! :)
and thank you to all my new followers. and, to anybody who's d/l a project, or sent out a tweet with links to my music, i thank you too.
hope i feel better so i can play tommorow.
“: Hmm Vegas for the fight or Tampa with the Fam.. Leaning towards Fam on this one.”.
Responded to FIRE @ 610 Trinity Ave, Bronx, NY 10455. Red Cross auto update.
RT : Time for #runchat so you all have been forewarned.
Tico's? Ruben's Taco Truck??
So close to 500 followers only need 34 more followers help me reach 500 followers i will follow back
TONIGHT STARFUKCER SATURDAY gonna be an amazing night we hope to see you there
One of our former students just brought her baby in for a visit & overloaded us with cuteness! Now we just need some puppies.
bitch yo ass knows what you got into now you gotta pay the price...
Nope. When I tried thatI got a returned undeliverable email. Unless it sent the SMS despite sending that to me.
I love you! do not forget. C:
fair -__- but im raw still B)
can't wait to hear.. when the appropriate time comes.
#HelloNovember Please bring good grades In all my classes and a
We recently launched new Variety of Music page, visit www.tncnews.com
Just passed my dissertation defense! I'm now Dr. Sexton!
I am loving life, trying to get my magazine finished and just sitting here wondering why I am not in bed
Have a small Holiday Decorating business, we specialize in Designing, Installing, take down and storage of customers lights
Some days, my job is unbelievably great. Today, for instance, I'm spending my time reading Arthur C. Clarke and Asimov & calling it "work."
Drake: When I say where all my real niggas at... you can be white.. its ok..
Remember that January allday excursion we did our 1st year as Masters students? Talk about middle of nowhere.
Preparing the #Behancereviews press release for Baltimore.
Top talent leave an organization when they’re badly managed and the organization is confusing and uninspiring. -Erika Andersen
Gov't: new jobless clams DN 1K to 367K. Analysts had been looking for slight rise.
A little #ff shout out to for breaking down and getting Twitter. Give me my dollar.
@ Strategic Coach in Chicago. What did Mark Zuckerburg do in 2007 to hone his business and leadership skills? He hired an executive coach.
I've neglected my #definethis account (because I've been writing whole paragraphs rather than 140 characters), and now I can't even log in.
Editing pics and later will post at fb
Dang... someone just stopped by our cart the other day asking where they can find some Venezuelan food. Now I know what to say!
American Girl Readers Club will conclude with Cecile and Marie-Grace at the Centre Branch on April 26th at 4 p.m. For girls 8 and up.
Good morning! 7:13 AM here and I just woke up. :) <3
“Everyone has a fair turn to be as great as he pleases.”
With my taxes all done and sent out early. TAX DAY is now #ART DAY! All day :)
"Pour yourself a drink, put on some lipstick and pull yourself together" 🍸💄💋
Hey what do you know Giancarlo"don't call me Mike"Stanton finally hit his 1st homer of the season yesterday!
Happy Chinese New Year! Here's to a year of good chi :)
not *yet*. going to be moving at the end of april!
Let todays best be tomorrows worst.
You think!
haha definitely passed on the soup of the day! Whiskey at noon didn't sound appetizing ;)
Delivery day for newest draft of #ThePiccoIncident -- still time for 1 more pass on it, right ?
I cried when & became super famous😔
be my Valentine?❤ (:
I know I'll be watching! :)
no babe Disney world
In the mood for an open mic, for old time's sake
May Saint John Coltrane keep you safe during your journey.
My students took the no-dialogue radio stories they wrote yesterday, and recorded them today in GarageBand with sound effects and music.
The only thing i will take a good care is my skin & hair . ;-) That"s all
The bad news is I didn't win the lottery. The good news is that you didn't.
Oh, how I just love non-idempotent builds.
haha I just like the Canucks one. Especially the Malkin rap. lol
(my MOC) expects respect, but gives none to her opponents; her fundamentalist church, not the country, is her top priority
Dear : Put your pen where your mouth is. Allow same-sex couples to apply for fiancé(e) visas.
thanks for everything today Bradford! you were amazing!
I love them and there's no complaints... Just a little bored I guess...lol
LEAVE IT TO BEAVER: Anthropomorphic beaver runs lost-and-found where you can LEAVE him things. GREEN LIGHT
": Who wants know what he said? Lol" it hurts? Toilet paper? Feels so good? Lol!
im outsets
Sex god..To make a long story short i never played that game again
Concluding 2 day #IgniteSelling session with #WeightWatchers in Toronto ~ This sales team rocks!
- 1,003 followers! You put me over the top.
'Dances With Queso'
and for some, very lucrative.
When a man dwells on the objects of sense, he creates an attraction for them attraction develops into desire, and desire breeds
7:00 tomorrow is about to go down on TNT...
Hey, Devin wondering if you would run something in regard to the Elizabeth Banks/ 'Surrender Dorothy' issue, runs beyond "gossipy".
Received my first ever genuine spam message via LinkedIn. In case you were curious, it was a message promoting a small cap stock.
follow back
Remember That Jam Baby Grind on me!! By Pretty Ricky! Ooh jes
#somebodytellmewhy we have more than enough power&money to #endslavery in our lifetime, yet more than 27 million ppl remain enslaved today.
Ford the first brand on Google+. Who was the second? Yeah, I don't remember either.
I find this Benton Harbor thing absolutely hideous. Michiganders need to stand up for our public land!
“: Show some puppy love with these..." Please just get naked already. Thanks. Signed, Everyone.
Forecast for Monday: Low clouds in the morning then mostly sunny. Highs 64 to 69 near the coast to 69 to 74 inland....
Thanks for the love to our social media fans. We appreciate all of you. Have a great weekend!
Escondido man hit by drunk driver in his own backyard has compound fracture to leg and broken bones in face (but in "fair" condition)
you be Capt America; I'll be the Hulk. When are you this way again?
Peeps - two more days to get Carrie's Cinnamon Swirl Cakes...get em while they are hot!
What's everybody doing tonight?
That gym session was crucial 💪
Feels like Sunday. Between one friend's wedding and another going into labor, there was just too much about yesterday to fit in one day.
Friday should be fun!! :)
A3: Last for me- mHealth has lots of great tools to help manage pop health. Once they can enter data into EHR, watch out. Adios!
Wishin' I was at Awards right now. One day, one day.
i believe so but they sell it there in Indiana?
Last good book I read was The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao.
Hey 1st of all I can SPELL CONCEDED is Spelled CORRECTLY.. I don't think you even know what that word means?
Yes! Are you from the area?
Just received neat bill through email. My exboyfriend owes 2 companies $3000 and both companies are contacting me to collect
re: yes, yes, yes, and yes. #PlansWithinPlans -- DITTO!
I wish you Health, Wealth, and Happiness and a long life. youngevite.info It's a great day to start! Thxs for follow
It doesn't really surprise me someone stole khalisie's dragons. Who leaves their dragons unattended like that?
Another Night W/O Her ☹ Goodnight
I would rather be going to school than work right now.
It's easy to peep a nigga dats plottin on you. When I get this tool tomorrow, I might kill a nigga by friday
I may need to organize a showing of The Last Waltz in honor of Levon. Unless the Castro Theatre does it...
Worst case of hiccups I've ever heard coming from this man next to me.
taking everything in me to not be a dick about all of this.
Cut that out. Can't cut it out, it grow right back. Name that movie!
Lots of Police Action in Sacto today. Earlier, for some reason, cops shut down access to Florin-Perkins; Power Inn Rds off Jackson Hwy.
Thank you so much!
Just picture me shitting on old man Cherry.
For me I like Jem better :D
Check your email inbox in a few minutes - staff best of '11 lists and NYE hours enclosed therein!
So sleepy. I can't stay asleep for longer than 4hrs at a time these days. Wah.
hey luke are you and connor hanging out or something
I read it for acquired cog class and LOVED it!!!
Looks like a half-windsor to me
um, nobody has Star Wars yet. was asking what are you looking forward to in '11.
Just starting out, but having fun and learning a lot.
I'm fighting the feeling, or so I try.
we hit 1600! say you are a facebook friend and get 16% off your purchase this week! thank you! thank you! thank you! xo
Tell #Congress to be #transparent on #contraceptive debate
Passed 3 guys in their 20's each lugging a 30-pack of Keystone :) Enjoy your youth. Life eventually becomes more complicated.
Welcome summer students! Happy first day of school! We wish you good luck and great success this semester!
please dont be freaked out by seattle right now :/
MayDay Inc. doing all the task you don't have time to
Alright you two, get off my back, we'll go!! :) RT : yes, you can't deny a girl her #frickles ;)
Woe is me.
Do you have aluminum siding on your old house? There's a good chance you've got some nice wood siding hiding underneath!
RT : News flash! Out of touch academic claims she's never...
RT : Make me a happy girl by sending me texts signed "SH."
Congratulations on your wedding day! Hope you and your wife have a fun night at the #Sheraton tonight!
Thank you and good night.
Both nigger and slave are words that strip someone of their humanity. Replacing one with other makes no sense.
Thanks so much for pointing me in the direction of Noise Trade! I shall grab it and review it! Thanks again :)
I love Miami it's so beautiful this time of year. Enjoy.
#NowPlaying 3LW :No More (Baby I'ma Do It Right)
Avery Bradley in lots of pain with his shoulder, goes straight to the locker room.
Carlos Gomez hit opening day HRs his first 2 years with the #Brewers and ended those seasons with 5 and 8.
Just saw on tv that u have a better chance of being infected by flesh eating bacteria than winning the
Amtrak train delayed out of ny...I feel like I'm back in dc already dealing with that familiar #metro incompetence
love reading your great A&E pieces! we've got some cool things up our sleeve #TweetSeats #IdiotLA. DM us asap!
Only 16 more days to Fashion's Night Out!! Stay tuned to all the latest news and events www.fashionsnightout.com and follow
I just came to say "hello!"
No teachers hear today.....Students are all out of order...
H. Rodriguez absolutely sucks. Please release him.
Hey there! How is Salem Mass in October? I figure you have the inside scoop :)
Of course, but he has the cojones to speak out. It means a lot RT Obama support for Gay marriage is just to get votes.
E x c e l l e n t - our evil plan is advancing nicely.
what a bunt by Jose Reyes!
Def makes it go faster! : Hooray! I got to work out alongside (@ Chase Near Eastside Legacy Center)
Absolutely awesome! Kudos 2 your daughter and U!
HAPPY NEW YEARS!!!!!! Hopefully 2012 will be better than 2011. Pity i have a final tomorrow scheduled by my school specifically to ruin it
Shavar Thomas not looking horrible the last few minutes.
I've heard about that before! I never do it but seems like a good idea. I enjoy rewarding myself!
your so strange lol
Did you know that Baruch is one of America's Top 3 colleges for ethnic diversity?
There are 4 coaches who’ve made a signif. difference in my life: Joel Maturi, , Susan K. Wehrley (),
And just like that Hawks back in it...another dwn to the wire game
I hate projects -_-
Congressional holiday continues. Vote every incumbent out of office. They earned it.
uh so do you want to meet up at your house first?
Some people need a dress code.
Why do I feel this way? =0
damn. all of my dreams are about missing birth control pills and deadlines.
"yeah I'm not buying you one direction tickets". words I never wanted to hear.
working on a graphic novel for class! the topic? a grave lack of creativity in academia
Who offers organic veggie delivery in Albany ?
Thanks for having me on
anyone know how to correct my 2k twitter issue? I know have a little bit of time to fix it
What is Clark Kellogg watching?
I think those plastic figures from that electric football game i had as a kid was more mobile than Flacco.
Media never leaves Cruz alone about his contract.Geez,poor guy.Is it hard to believe someone can be humble?He's a classy guy
It doesn't matter what color your hair is...people who love you do so for who you are, and what you bring to this world.
ahh forgot one,wasn't a crush though but
You're my bf. I'm entitled.
Thanks for all the RT love yesterday
dude congrats on graduating! Now pass the bar so you can be our lawyer.
can't wait for Harper and Mason 👶👶
I teach SMM to artists RT : How many colleges offer classes in social media marketing around the country?
We Follow You!
hahahahahaha I'm so jealous!!!!!!! I just ordered thank you notes 2 so I can bring it to the shore!!
idk I guess after being real sick.. Then I haven't lifted as hard as I have been now
I dont dislike alot of people. But hun i really don't like you.
he's blind katie!
I wish I could see the super moon..it's very over cast in NYC
norman!!!! RT : Nice sense of humor: Encore Suspense is playing "Psycho" on a continuous loop during Mother's Day.
can you remind me how to find the amazing post-garden noodles? I think that is tomorrows task. :)
Creepy but cool, hope you use all of it!
Getting in game mode early.......I will not take a L. My team winning.......Warriors
Demolition of the Lakeshore Habitat for Humanity house on 17th street....check! Great morning w/ the group!
I see you, Jim Jackson.
right now
So who's right? #Apple tells me I can't upgrade b/c of #ATT contract; but then ATT tells me I can't upgrade b/c of Apple.. want
My birthday is coming up on the 19th and the night before I'll be having a party at 1707 L street NW at The Meeting place. Come out & enjoy
I'm going to Atlanta. Be jealous.
thx for the #ff, have a great weekend! My Twitter followers, #ff a true sports fan here!
I would leave a comment on those last few. But nah!!! You already know.
Evidence as to why food bloggers are the best! :) RT dear blogger, you tagged a cheesecake as breakfast. i love you.
Go Patriots!
Be sure to check your DMs! Thanks!
Would be nice to have.... int i = 10; NSNumber* n = i; //compiler autoboxes
awesome idea, but you might need a week in Austin with all the great cheap local food.
i diggin the Sanchez girl on AI
Up early walking the 🐶
Not my kind of a chick but then I've never been one for Hollywood type. Their personalities always get in the way, ya' know?
Remembering Dads Birthday...First one without him...Thanks Dad, for giving us so much love...You will always be in our hearts.
early riser
RT from Iran -lies about demonstrators mixed w/ anti-gov thugs - IRIB wantto turn ppl against Mousavi - hack them pls
Let's go Get another win!
Greendale vs. City College softball game
Catch up is putting it mildly. I am so far behind. I have missed everyone.
- one of the best places to record is inside a newer'ish model car. Like a nice, dead sound booth all sealed up tight!
Watching Wall-E & Now I'm Starting To Miss Him And His Comfort. /:
What's up man? When we gonna hear a Ramones -Blitzkrieg Bmore POP?
have fun in India!!
I got a callout from Susanne Markgren as embedded writer & fellow at center. Woohoo!
Laundry, resting tummy, more laundry resting again, cleaning, resting, etc.
hey why can't u be followed April
Tehran example shows the foregrounding of political protest.
Lev Grossman's The Magicians. RT Good morning! What are you reading this weekend? Tag #freshairbooks to read and share
ooh naah dont worry i cant remember anything of that bad things i dont know why i forgot everything ;D
I would tweet and wish her a happy mother's day if she were using Twitter -- but she's cooler than 140 characters.
Reading Breaking Trail A Climbing Life by Arlene Blum
Seeing basketball tweets on my timeline and not knowing what they're talking about <<<<<
RT “: Treasure Coast Linebacker Patrick Jean has switched his commitment from #Louisville to #FIU. Has signed #LOI"
fair enough; are they all WSGI, though? we're working on general WSGI support
I am having a great weekend and I feel amazing today :)
loll, well we all know you would! jk!
Looking forward to NCIS filming at our dock on Wednesday!
basketball wives time !
RT I.need new contacts :0
Whoa. That article was intense. That woman is seriously crazy. (re: dentist pulls out all her ex's teeth.)
Is "Where on Google Earth is this?" an acceptable parlour game?
Today's BTU inspiration: "Humor is the instinct for taking pain playfully." ~Max Eastman
and beer. RT : Edge looks pretty rounded. You'll need a file and a nice afternoon.
Why I don't worry about my hair? Because, in 3 months ill be able to put it in a pony tale again -_- lol my hair be growing too fast!!
What's the largest work reimbursement you've ever submitted? Mine was over $5,000.
#Work Hard Play
I will never say NEVER!
"In the American sitcom The Big Bang Theory Sheldon Cooper sings a line of the song in the Season 2 episode..."
Don't be a puss! :P RT : asked what i was i was to scared to ask -.- great haha
I should be studying, but I get distracted too easily. x)
staying sober this 420 ;D lol
I havent even been on here in awhile becuz there was no reason to.:/
YOUR cool can you please follow it would BE LIKE THE BEST DAY IN MY WHOLE ENTIRE LIFE AND I SWEAR...........<3 <3
Even when Austin breathes, he makes me smile.
im watching it with my girlfriend ( ) and shes like omg that dress is so pretty1 and omg i want that bikini!!!:)
#Wits I know you can add dance & make it work for radio, right?
there definitely are some loonies up there.
Hope you enjoyed it bro. RT : My bday over in less than 30 !!!!!!
whats good wit you
too bad white sox lost yesterday. :(
You should(:
Seriously??? All the tlk abt the keys, if she won't give them back then change the locks! Do ppl really act like this???
It totally was!!
RT: NC votes in favor of constitutional ban of gay marriage. #OneDayWeWillWakeUp >>Wow not my understanding of the purpose of Constitutions.
If you wrote anything down, could you send me a picture of what you have for cell type roles & tissues?
hahaha they're only gonna get bigger now!
Our Sat evening, your Sun afternoon for pirates? Beki can play too. Can do our afternoon if it's raining here (50% chance)
Amazing show. Awesome hang. Thank you dude! Lookin’ forward to the next time…
#WhatNotToSayDuringSex #ComeOnGirl my #Grandma can #Ride it
you slayed that I Don't Give A verse!!!
About to watch #humancentipede. Well, attempt to watch it.
:( can't have to see ma Montepare. Sunday dinner? --“: Want to meet Melton tomorrow for lunch?”
reminds us of what a good medium paper is. IMO it's not going away for this reason. It's the right choice for some things.
#RIP Elizabeth Taylor sorry to hear of death from heart failure. There are whole food nutrients that can heal heart failure
Good to see you are a supporter of this initiative. I'm working with pre-college school to help build better administrators
Life is so much more beautiful after a glass of sangria
- Terribly sorry, the client we were using hid your tweet! We're on the east frontage between Montgomery and Jefferson. :)
You bet.
hey baby
Every time I see your name I want to down a shot of rum, but I don't do rum-so this tequila shot will have to do-slange!
I just apply in 20 places today i hope they call me !
Hilary Is What Dreams Are Made ♥ I loved her when I was younger(: her music,movies,and tv shows was all I watched/listened to(:
Hahahaha! Awesome! RT : note from Cali. Lakers are old and slow. They suck.
Miss my girl ! #2months :)
I want my belly button pierced.
font-weight:100 : Levi's 510 font-weight:200 : Levi's 511 font-weight:normal : Levi's 514
always interesting to search twitter for your hometown and see whats "going on"
boyfriend just sent me a pic of his red blazer & bow tie... it's a red out alright! GO BUCKS
Can someone please tell me what in the world Cottage Cheese is....?
Jhigh got the best sex in town..#download a free copy today lol
"There aren't many things you're good at, but being a fucking creep is one though." My coworker. Spot on.
i appreciate it (:
If LeBron spoke the King's English, he would have said, "I'm taking thine talents to South Beach."
Konichiwa! Long Time I ahven't Been on Twitter..
": no "e" in that bye Barney Fife. Surprised didn't catch that one". Yes there is dunce!
RT : reach for GREATNESS today!!!!! or fall for FAILURE !! (via )
did you get to stop in and see us?
when is your audition?
Hey World! I'm new to twitter! Who should I follow?
Progress today. Got my work email down from 186 to 85. Yeah for the small success stories.
I hate it when I get into major creeper mode and stalk insanely. But it's bcuz I love him with all my heart <33 lol :)) xD
Editing articles with a bacon, egg & cheese at NDB.
no but it's about a certain dumb ass in our 8th period :/
Hello Shane Becker. No slides online yet. But most of it can be directly/indirectly extracted from 's book :)
drinks with jen in belltown =)
Omg, I CANNOT with this white girl wearing a scarf and a bonnet....and her boyfriend is a marshmallow thug!!!
. That's tough 1. They'll announce close to 18K, but will be closer to 17K. Pacers didn't help themselves by laying an egg Sat.
figured out what?
I was once addicted to FarmVille, sadly.
Directioners aren't just fans there family.
I got so much money I should start a bank.
yeah, we all know you and your particular passions. Thanks, I'll stick to beer.
i do not know what your referencing Yanar..Please advie
why dont they just say we dont have coke... I want to say no ill stick with coke ty:-)
Happy Birthday shout out to my friend - breakfast in Jamaica, lunch in NYC and dinner in Phoenix :-) love u bro!
Who got zips for the low?
well I can't teach u it either, I have enough to only deal with and that's not a lot lol!!!.........love u
Sometimes cramps feel like a horse trampling over your belly. This is one of those days. (>_<)
Thanks for the RT. How are you? I hope everything is going well. Things are great here; well, except for the rain :-)
nothing like a petty dictator trying to stress the freedom of his fiefdom by making his children buy into his ignorant beliefs.
I love that! thanks!
What do you think of our home in the 3rd Ward?
a week from tomorrow but I go back to school august 10th I much rather get out later I hate how we get out so fucking early!
please do! I walked to little Italy. Took about 45 minutes.
When we’re willing to face up to our faltering faith,we give God room to do what only HE can do. When we fake our faith, God won’t touch it.
Enjoy your time off!!!
My bad and for ruining the workout. :(
Happy mothers day! I love you mommy <3
I hear ya. Tomorrows gonna be a woosey for my gallbladder! worth every bite!
With Nike Fuel, the restless nights are pretty clear on the chart! Trying to hit 3000 a day is challenging!
Looking for some good new music. Any suggestions?
Listening to the wise words of big bill on the way to dinner
S/o to my best friend playing varsity spring season :*** love you so much kid!
Holy Nuts! New level/experience of stress! Drove for 20 minutes on empty--in the middle of nowhere! 20 miles from any gas station! #WHEW!
Auto-generated here.
The only thing still good about my bracket is
thank u!!
Ha, good one. Thanks.
I think u are. I'm 30 & pretty sure I was the youngest this past year.
Let's put the past behind us and go far away where no one can find us*
Who is excited for the 76ers playoff game tomorrow? is singing the anthem!!
I never left
congrats guys
Long live the
#ThoughtsDuringSchool "When will SHINee come back to Vegas?"
Happy Holidays from Key Committee!
FUNNY! We offered the alternative (Words w/Friends) option on our Facebook page.
#Blake #Lebron #Dwight just need to enter the dunk contest next season and bring excitement back
En Vouge is covering Aretha Franklin and it sounds amazing.
Yo!! Thanks for following me!!! Best of luck with acting!! =)
: Green Tea is Alkaline so it strengthens your immunity & decreases your risk of disease. Coffee is Acidic.
according to w phillips agent saying reports of firing aren't true. if i'm wade, i can't get out of there quick enough.
Thanks for the RTs, Elyse! We're very excited to have a San Diegan part of the CA Transportation Commission.
Quote of the day "Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in feeling creates love."
#fridayreads "The Brave" by Nicholas Evans. This is the third novel of his I've read and I've enjoyed them all.
don't flatter yourself
Thank you!
Haa. Get a room (;
Like riding a bike RT : Delmon Young grounded into his first double play of 2012.
WE all want more people to care. WE all want weekly sellouts, and WE all want the FO to do a better job. None are happening.
Checking out some new recipes using #spentgrain, might be a fun addition Lush.
Yeah, same here. I need to check it and verify. Let me know you find. I wonder if it's a late-edition change or something.
Stay out of my business
still looking for gilligan and the skipper too
have you opted out of ?
enjoying Vietnam! #SAS #realtalk waking up early tomorrow to catch some rangers baseball!
My friend just said some of my guy friends are ugly. You need to get your eyes checked! They're actually good looking!
Day two at Chicago #GreenFest. So much to see and do and buy today!
I.hate.this.movie.
Man!!! Breaking dawn was interesting and funny :) Can't wait for part 2 to come out!!!!
I thought it was brown this whole entire time
Ron Brooks assigned Jabari Greer's old #Bills number. I like.
let's make a fashion show video
Awesome! It's always a great time at McCoy!
: "Please take me to Macy's, I have no clothes for tonight. If no one takes me, I'm not going out!!!" <--- uhh what????
Haha!! Your too cute!
Oh it's so addicting.
Watchin da greatest rapper alive eminem
#UPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!! :) SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!! :) EAR EAGLE!!! :p
Me and Christy tried to go on an adventure and it didnt work becasue this place is scary at night.. lol so we went to the movies
Give a call
getting there isn't the problem... WINNING is! Without Bosh, don't know if they can (especially if they draw the Spurs).
If you act like you don't know me now,don't be surprised if I don't seem to know you later.Deal?
HOw r u?
Fuck. What's happening right now?!
I wish I had friends to hang out with
we are the future of marketing and printing in the Midwest.
Write a new story about success and fame and fortune if that is the story you want to have in life. You deserve it....
I call everyone kid...#getoverit :)
two things i'm not used to: (1) a porous packers defense and (2) commentators talking about the opposing qb more than our qb
My mom told me to clean my room before bria and janee get here............... Ha Yeah fuckin right lol they've seen my dirty room
I was hoping you'd say that! I'm so happy for you! :) I'll miss seeing you around though. :(
Who cares if the didn't make the playoffs? Working hard and playing hard is what it's all about.
Thanks for 4 great years Darius! Its not over yet, but you're going down as one of the most loved Cats in history.
Comparison in "looks" and "love" is a disease.
Hate the thought of driving in snow and slush... Maybe take metro....:(
Every day we ignore protecting our children from sexual abuse, the greater the chance we lose them later on to suicide.
Happy birthday, you!
"An ounce of action is worth a ton of theory."
It's Saturday and I'm not doin shit. Relaxation time.
How do you like using ?
There r so many misguided ppl out here I find myself bn erbody's uncle even older muphukaz
Not being able to eat w/o getting sick.. Body hurts, head hurts..Today just sucks #CanTodayGetAnyWorse?
the differences between the two in terms of overuse injuries?
We do NOT have a show this Saturday. But we ARE performing at 's show Pillow Talk in BK on Monday! Back at The PIT on the 31st!
I will say this only because we're in the same situation. But good luck to your boys tonight.
Ab ripper X is crazy intense!! Ahh my abs hurt! >:o
Why are there no hotels with 2 King beds!!! 2 fulls? Somebody measured wrong.
My plant is sprouting. I'm so proud. 😄
In da Kitchen cooking up code~~
DFW and MKE. One of these is the 4th largest metro area in US, the other...isn't. Draw similarly. All hail Mark A.
Yes -- important sustainability question. RT : well, it's just a choice of which treadmill you prefer :)
One of those work days where I stupidly allowed them to frustrate me early in the morning. Glad I have an hour to relax now that I am home.
true that! shouldn't have to
yep: too long
GETTIN READY FOR A homecoming tonite is going to be a #GRAND nite
That's wonderful to hear! We're encouraged to see designers working together and it's not dog-eat-dog out there!
Follow her! RT OH NO!! I have 666 followers. In other news, I'm listening to Iron Maiden's "The Number of the Beast" this morning.
aye! RT : baby whatcha say we go pickin wildflowers? got a spot way back in the woods, sneak away for a couple of hours.
Got your Examiner email, thx. How do I get my articles promoted on ?
My phone is constantly getting blown up by unknown numbers and weird text messages from people I'm not familiar with. So annoying. 😡
No, Facebook, I really have no wish to be "friends" with my estranged grandmother. I've walked away from that nest of nasty drama weasels.
Welcome we LOVE the view from the top of the hotel!
it's almost 4 in the morning! WHY I AM STILL UP!!
Hm I can't delete my G+ because that's how I connect with my family overseas. Guess I won't be searching much then LOL!
fascinating stuff.
"She excitedly confided in me that she has a--GASP--30yo lover. I shut her down by saying a yr ago I was blowing a 56yo for hockey tickets."
Just made the baby a bottle. I sure do love that baby o' mine.
Meeting with a chiropractor tonight to make a decision on what type of washable/reusable head-rest covers I'm going to make for her.
...and James Franklin.
I don't know where I see myself in the next 7-10 years
RT soon im going to meet the top 5 biggest Mobb Deep fans !!! Who me?
VOTE for Bonnie or Elena
Wonderful news & now you have a friend here to welcome you=)
The more we study, the more we discover our ignorance..
We've got an issue with our stats. Can I send you a DM?
followed by satan
#ThingsYouMightSayInAChildren'sMovie "I... WANT... THE COOKIE!!!!!!"
I miss my boyfriend.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY from !!!
Not sure who is funnier - or
Had a really long, busy day today.
My bff made me hot tea and i burnt my lip soo bad. However, when cooled est tea EVER plus she gave me the cutest mug! <3
Air Farce team spent 3 hours signing books at the launch of their new book Air Farce: 40 Years of Flying by the seat of our pants
So true! We were never confident today, theyll never play that well again, we'll bounce back
Irony: I'm limping because I tripped on the handicap ramp at #cloudforce. Still had a great time, though!
Drag Your Content from the Internet Abyss and Have it Soar Above the Surface Drag Your Content from the Internet Abyss and have it Soar A
I often hear “I don’t have time to network”. #Networking is something we can do any time and any place as long as we're open to it.
I can always tell when you fuckers are high on weed. no one listens to Bob Marley, when they're sober.
what's his twitter?!
some place in east lib with my g-raise shits crazy...
You can make a difference ~ find out how
There is an incredibly bad a$$ music festival going down on the other side of this life, #MCA joined the line-up today. Man, I can't wait.
And apparently it just got worse....will post more in a few...
What is your most important task for tomorrow? Get it done first thing in the morning and set the tone for the rest of your day!
Hope you feel better, Kimmy!
New topic - EM-5 no IS for non m43 lenses in video mode. :-(
Wish I was a teenager again, what fun I would have if I could do it all over again, I would do alot more.
We're in the same session!
I would love to!! :D
haha we wouldn't have any clue!
Hope you at least had some beer with your pizza!
ooc: I will be so glad when this week is over.
My next paycheck is going towards my next Cancun trip. I'm bringing with me
Smh was looking forward to something today that's not gonna happen #disappointed !!
7 crazy intense minutes until #UNBROKEN is in stores !
It's beautiful when two strangers become best friends, it's terribly depressing when two best friends become strangers.
Yes, me too! Thank you!
I have no ride my mums car is in the shop
who needs a radio?!
!!!!!!!! RT Girl dont ! Folks cant handle it RT : i envy those that are able to express their feelings.
here are your transformers again! This might be the end of it....!
Wolfpack win! Bring on Georgetown
Econ prof keeps using corn on the cob as an example of elastic demand in video lectures. Is it summertime yet?
Sorry I haven't posted in a while I'm on vacation
The guy next to me just ate a toothpick!
Last day of highschool. I'm a fighting knight now.
I keep getting up this early in Texas, I'm gonna be on hours when I get back to Cali!
Worst part of the drive back to lex is when 107.7 starts to fade out
stop tweeting before i have a laugh attack! Lol jk love u guys
we had our wedding reception there. My favorite club.
it's weird I saw that happen too! Why?!
And my day starts now
Scalper - "Tickets for Thrice at the Metro were $22. I'm selling mine for $90! It's a fair price!" Sir, a 400% increase is not a fair price.
church, then library later to finish this science project.
‎2More Days Into The Mixtape "I Demand Attention" aha
Who hit the Winter switch?
We are gonna watch dumb and dumber? Well yes i'm american hahaaha
thanks for the repost
Rain rain go away come again another day...any other good rainy day tunes out there?
thank you! Everything will be revealed soon. Sign up!www.sofiafellini.com
went to bed with a cold and woke up partially deaf... ?
"Effective business systems make expectations clear to employees, improve job satisfaction, and reduce turnover. They also reduce...
11:11 omg i just love your song follow back? ;)
Behold the turtle. He only makes progress when he sticks his neck out. James Bryant Conant
QoTD: "People who are brutally honest get more satisfaction out of the brutality than out of the honesty." (Richard J. Needham)
I only sell drugs to pay for my rehab
bring yourself to taco mamacita nashville and see if you can finish all 18 tacos. Everything from lamb to plantains.
I think they look cute... D;
Morning Austin(:
Thirsty? Tired? Hungry for networking? Join your #ogi social network at Clyde's in Gallery Place for happy hour when Town Hall concludes.
Listening to #Maxwell...Stop the World
#oneofthesedays alice, #oneofthesedays ...really though is anyone on twitter old enough for that reference?
Need to start twittering and bloging more..been slackin!
United Airlines announces it will exempt overseas transportation costs for pets of Foreign Service workers.
We know you've been waiting with bated breath so... drum roll please! Our 3,500th Member is Ag Innovations Network! Check 'em out.
that's all the agent's job. we have nothing to do with it
Tacky to play "Party Rockin'" by LMFAO after a tribute to Dick Clark.
Thank you for all your support!!!!
#hungergames best movie I've seen all year. #oscarbuzz?
and I shall visit you too ! :) Ireland! :D
lmao you thought that was your last one!!
Love that you used Tait Farm's Cherry Shrub!
Happy to be hanging out with our favorite Seattle crowd at #smcsea!
yeah. Haha. We both played that game.. I almost broke my ankle running on the field! Hahah
You are so awesome! :) pretty and classy
Isn't that the show you've been TIVOing?!?
Agreed! : And I don't think most restaurants use it to its full potential Re: Opentable
Let's all remember September 11, 2001 and how it changed all our lives forever.
Wish my friend a happy bday? Pretty please!
Love the high speed shots in this
If only 140 characters could turn into 140k!!!
So you're all out Wisconsin...Awesome! And I agree Packers football is the best!
What grade and subject do you teach?
Taking time to show love pray, talk, and enjoy our togetherness is the highlight of Thanksgiving. The food is an added blessing. Enjoy!
maybe cuz you're seeing the world they dream for all of us
They are long, but "Summer is coming."
SweetAngus is too young to know the joy of schadenfreude - but it made me smile.
lol wow, good to know! ;-)
Remembering back #WhenIWas13 summers weren't so dam hot!
you got dat right...
July 29th needs to come faster.
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!104
Shoot the tv listings. Download to your computer and store in 'Misc 2011'. It's good to practice these organizational skills. Nice job!
you better :'/
Soon we will be downtown.waiting for permit.Hope to meet you soon :)
Thanks to much easier to find Christmas crackers this year.
hahaha it just happened. We burnt some calories
Now following
Ice on my neck and wrist
you said you did "other things" and oh good:P lol dont judge me because i used to purge.. and laxiitives make you shit lmao
The secret of life, though, is to fall seven times and to get up eight times.
The NBA is just the worst.
Ewwww lmao he has the horrific hair and everything?
At work and this weather is draining me :-/
Celebrate St. Patrick's Day
It's nice to be needed but even better to be wanted.
What was your favorite oscar dress last night?
“: You're never a loser until you quit trying. -Mike Ditka”
haha yes she was comedy. it was good seeing you.
Lost a battle but I won the motherfucking war. Hell yea!
Why do I think learning about NoSQL is going to be more complicated than just unlearning SQL?
that's fine
Does your business card have a QR Code on it? If so, that would be a cool ice breaker.
RT Worship was so so so good!!!
Seeing Michael Musto riding his bike down 5th Ave always makes me smile.
Let it be known that likes to see old man balls.
Weren't you employed at a grocery store in the last 15 years?!
sorry to hear that! Truthfully, this day is like any other with all the pain and joy!
#ASKBRODY What's your favorite thing that you like about me?
MT : Final prep for Friday: #dmap hosts #dhdebates symposium/workshop w
well really they are two mistresses fighting for the hand of Uncle Sam
How about having U.S. Senator David Vitter (Republican) preside on Senate committee hearings of the secret service. He knows all about hoes.
shut up before i chop off your toes.
I could go for a #dietcoke and a ceasar salad right now...
Thanks for the good talk today - I almost forgot what it was like to sit for a few minutes and chat!
officially wins my vote for best NHL player on twitter. You are awesome and made my night with the retweet!
BJ's music is putting me to sleep.
from boston
Its a must! You will be addicted immediately! RT : I've never had indian food either. I want to try chicken tikka.
Check your email! We sent you a special offer for One FREE Drink with the purchase of any meal!
Coming up at CS? has a screening, and CS:LA has a two year anniversary Music Video Mega Mix. We bring the party.
Bball tears up the knees. The pains worse the next day
"...and I was always outrageous." - Janis Joplin. Enjoy Marfa & then your trip to Cali for your Janis Joplin adventure!
With this guy, I would highly recommend flipping him the bird...using the hand w/the bracelet of course. But that's just me ;)
LeBron shouldn't do anything. He could cure cancer at this point and get criticized for not doing it sooner.
Rollerblading would be perfect right about now.
workout semi-successful, lsot and then re-found my earrings, now a never ending meeting that will probably kill my soul.
On the last episode of
Hey is tha mane!
hey,u at the game??
He who can no longer pause to wonder and stand rapt in awe, is as good as dead; his eyes are closed.
thanks hun... I almost thought u didnt love me anymore...:-( ...
666 Park Avenue is my early pick for dumbest new TV show.
Believe yourself... The world worships an original.
Delighted to hear that provides downloadable backups of your site so you don't have to run any resource-hog plugins.
RIGHT! then u have to pick out clothes that can nd cant go in the dryer -__-
Thank you to everyone who auditioned this weekend! We saw some amazing talent and casting will not be an easy decision.
Thanks for following Julie! How do you like L.A.?
RIP game 3
Went to twice in the last two days because of bigotry & stupid boycott. Thanks to all companies that support equality
Leaked next-gen iPhone part casts doubt on Liquidmetal case
Being Asian, I love me some Spam, but even I won't eat a Canwich.
Looking dance jobs in EU Star Now Article 19, Dance Europe, Dancers Pro, Foundation for Community Dance, London Dance://t.co/pbwaEFo6
Ordered a couple of design books. Yes!
I'll try but Masonic Memorial doesn't let me get an internet connection. I've tried before covering other events.
Xebec announces first landfill gas upgrading order in China and exclusive distribution agreement
Hey why dont U wanna go see the Rund? are you too tired from all that AWESOME Detroit Kid Rock music? or r you saving for ICP?
clever clever!
Many thanks to for KSN piece on #ict2dc. Thanks also to for the great chai, I mean, location for the interview.
Sorry I'm not gonna watch some pathetic low life bring down one of my best friends.
I just woke up. Would have been so sad if I'd slept through the race!
we love you too:)
i used to like you. now you like me. love is playing on us.
see you sexy individuals at Citrine tonight w/ open bar 10-12 and special live performance. arthur's name at the door.
*At school* Normal People: *listening to the teacher* Me: WHAT IF AUSTIN MAHONE WALKED INTO THE CLASSROOM RIGHT NOW?!
tonight's the third rehearsal for our workshop. also my first time running it by myself. going well so far. should do hw too. or not!
Three blind dogs. Three fast cars. - Justin C. from Holy Cross
Still need 100 followers by Monday..
Im not arguing. Im simply explaining why im right .
Good bike ride... Off on the trails today
Christopher thanks for the follow,) Jonni Armani
Welcome ! Great to have , , , this morning
RT I am with #occupy again.much nicer people than those Ron Paul and Terry Jones freaks < We are indeed. Thx & pleasure meeting u
What happens in the shoe at pelican bay?
J.p morgan...back at it again....whos gonna suffer this round......
stopped at the band room but forgot my shit isn't set up.
Celebrating St. Patrick's Day making colcannon pies. Colcannon's great on its own but everything's better in a pie. Am I right?
Are you trying to get some VC money?
Happy holidays everyone!
Phil cares. We all care.
u cooking?
what's up??
Do your kids like gummi bears? Try our gummi bear tea! It's high in vitamin c!
Heading to Latino Film Festival for "Cielo Abierto" doc about El Salvador civil war. Will be listening for some voseo.
Still a little upset u turned down Carnivor! RT : can't wait for my lunch date with tomorrow!!
RT : A system of licensing and registration is the perfect device to deny gun ownership to the bourgeoisie. - Vladimir Ilyich...
"Change your thoughts and you change your world." - Norman Vincent Peale
Shouts out to for the work she's putting in!! Tune-in tonight (7p-9p ET) to hear her record #OldSoul on WFXE FM Foxie 105!!!
I need to go to the barbershop.
This Flogging Molly Pandora station is. AWE. SOME.
Psh do I care...NO!
You're welcome. Thank you for your service.
thats how u get ur copy of black ops lol
Ms. Kool is back in town! Now I can go back to my crazy schedule...
Don't let fear of success stall you from movement or momentum.
In reality, yes; in the minds of some, it wasn't far enough out of hand.
Racking my IPA to secondary onto Cascade dry hops. Definitely NOT going for subtle!
same here bra, get it in
Thanks to my coworkers for voting! RT : Congrats to our Rock Star of the Month !! :)
hey see you at the after party?
Boys can smd.
Thursday's are overrated.
late entry off the podcast for the SI cover: bubba-bang-biscuit!
thanks for the support! We cover the & try 2 cover EPL/Champions league as much as we can.
my Alma material too!!!!
making pickles
. Something's been brought into my office I need to deal with. I'll call before I head home.
Who wants to be our 1,000th follower?! Think of what you'll win: being our 1,000th follower! Oh, and #braggingrights at #HHawards!
follow me luke :)
How did it take me so long?!
it's sad... love the team, but things look bleak...still. that being said, i'll still be there cheering on opening day!
Many changes need to be made to the existing immigration legislation to address the associated complications affecting the United States.
RT : Drinking an Alpha King by — you're welcome
RT I wish there was a japanese holiday like cince de mayo where all you did all day long is eat sushi and drink sake bombs. ^LOL!
for sure!! It's hard to believe sometimes how much I'm taking out from the original!
i saw ur dm it's okay :D
pushing down to the finish line .... #BeastMode wouldn't let me off... I just finished a 10.2 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
on this final night!! W/ hi
Every time I watch Ace of Cakes I want to give up web design and enroll in culinary art school. Making those bad-ass cakes looks so fun!
One of our members may or may not be being serenaded by Diego Val...
Registration now open for #RITBrickCity Homecoming!
Just decided to read Romney's "No Apology" just for kicks.
Someone called 1 Direction pipped Someone Like You for single of the year Never heard tune but it MUST be f@#*in' AWESOME!
haha actually I randomly scored this 360 degree camera for an iPhone that we can all play with at work. right place, right time!
Yes sir! Can you read MS Word files?
Wow, my twitter updates have NOT been interesting. I'll work on that.
"The Shark Tank is not affiliated with the Shark Tank the TV Show"
Just had one of those meetings where afterwards I had to run to the campus store for an emergency ration of yogurt raisins and Diet Coke.
juliiee text me
just doubled w/aq vs qq...
Awesome, thanks!
"Can i bum a smoke from you?" "This pack ended up costing me $135 tonight. Kiss my ass!"
...if you live to be 100, I wanna live to be 99 so I don't have to live without you...Pooh Bear (one of my favorite philosophers :)
Are you going to #Rio+Social June 19?
PLEASE WISH MY FRIEND A HAPPY BIRTHDAY! she doesn't believe that youll notice her, but NEVER SAY NEVER RIGHT?
Share your online dating horror stories with us! We want to hear the worst of the worst.
The Caps have weird numbers... getting there too...
Alyssa is fine! And Ochocinco tweets to goddamn much.
Psychiatist says one or more of San Diego's problem police officers likely have RX drug/alcohol/addiction/depression issues
follow ya boy back iight
Scherer: Took 3 years to form 50 #CMT Support & Action Groups across the country. Took decades to identify the 50 genes impacted by
bngrips to amber ice
Please tell me you're taking them to Brad's?
#thatcamproadtrip can't decide how to tweet about the symbolism of just running over a book.
I'm addicted!!!
has been coughing for 5 minutes straight now and is still coughing
You can, however, change the politics
I'm sure Walter can't help but be a fucking asshole, but I'm just tired.
I admire the movie " rab ne bana di jodi" its a nice movie I love the idea of movie and I love the king ♥
Kudos Brent Phillips of Knoxville! Last night, he won the new iPad during our Apple A Day Giveaway! Tune in 2night at 7 & 7:30 4 Yr Chance!
In all seriousness debt forgiveness and reasonable logic in terms of assessing cost must prevail to keep the doors open
Mike! Yes I am. There are some things I wanted to talk with about.
Canelo and Blake Griffin got the same daddy
Hey thanks!
Will miss tonight at #SarahsWar put-in rehearsal!
"Music, true music, not just rock and roll... it chooses you."
Let's make #BREWlievers a trending topic and show our support 4 the ! Follow -->
I could really use a massage right now
RT : ,our #aerialists performing at tonite for anniversary #FREE Admission!!
Thanks for listening! :)
Recording guitar parts, producing drum parts
I may be ugly but they sure love to stare
How does Mike Wallace not get that by signing for less, he has more of a chance for a championship. Don't be greedy.
- I'm sending my wife and son!! - Hope you enjoy the show
yeah i picked that lol
Just scheduled an appointment with online. Love that I can schedule when I think of it, which is inevitably late at night.
I wanna see 2chainz live!!!!
Why did they have to invent COD?!!!
just left the house to go to work. Colin going to "the office" is going to be weird for a while, but I'm excited for him!
A musical about the Titanic :) Opening night is the week after next and behshavakw
I will have to try it next time I am in town. I usually only go to nada 4 drinks!
714 ∞ the one that dances. they're all perfect. IB- Jason 
Same to u...thank u...that was nice of u to say.. <Zee>
I think paintings are time machines
And with that, we're out of time! Thanks so much for joining us today! I look forward to hearing back from you on the survey.
Also, not sure what's going on out there on the streets, but be safe in LA if you're on the road.
is who I roll with consistently. YETH!
Lots of color, floral, zebra print, & more @ Diamonds & Pearls Couture (Buckhead) 404-246-3548 Elle
Thanks- I was afraid I was invisible !
no problem :)
I have about as good of a chance of finishing both of these papers by Wednesday as Johnny had of making it off that cliff.
is Donnie from The Wild Thornberrys
Happy moments, praise God. Difficult moments, seek God. Painful moments, trust God. Every moment, thank God.
Merciiiiiiii bien chere Rachel! I've just taken a look at "Carnival Stranger". Very nice!! Love the song!
To my song your so hypnotizing and every time I look at you I fall in love all over again I know I'm not alone I would never treat (cont.)
“: none at all. They have about as much offense as Louisville does” Del negro to blame. They should be a lot better
that's good!(:
Swamp fingers
Come join us for the kick off of Concordia Gardens on Saturday May 15th 10-3. Sign up for a 4x12 plot $10-$30.
it's up to Taylor “: and it will go back again. right?”
😒 RT ": Congratulations!! You smoke and tweet about it!"
Lol, really? I got them like a year ago! I need a new pair. My boots go through everything with me haha. ♥
Roy Haynes "Snap Crackle" just passed "Mainstream" as the most I have ever played one song.
previous tweet is a link to our upcoming showcase in Bourbonnais, Illinois on March 18th
Insomnia at its finest.
#ontheroad Headed back to Nashville!! Yayy:))
ill be out there in july bro
yes but this way the world sees how sad our life is some nights
Hurry I need more followers so I can follow the rest of my followers back! :)(^.^)(:
Come join us at 7PM, 10/24 for an evening with Rosamond Bernier at the Menil Collection.Her new autographed book will be available.
same way with us :)
I know! Amazing isn't it! :) & thanks for the kind words about my website. :)
thank u
He got dem crane legs.
Plexi 3 is playing tonight at Onopa in Riverwest!! $5 - Come out and have a beer with us!!
Comics is work- number of panels done this weekend: 63
How's it going ? Been a while since we connected! Didn't know you did work for a wedding magazine - I'd love to learn more!
If you follow me here, please also follow
At my first job fair! Wish me luck!
Wait did you know its possible to txt in the shower?
Fighting sleep so I can work on this record!! *runs away from sleep* 🏃
For the Lord is good and his love endures forever; his faithfulness continues through all generations. Psalm 100:5 <3
Just played travel guide for a couple visiting from Italy. They are going to see the best of now.
It sucks when you know you need to let go, but can't because you're still waiting for the impossible to happen.
Watching #Vietnam in HD. amazing. fascinating. gut wrenching. impressively put together. Thanks for telling this story.
no. you were sexy.
I can't floss with braces D;
Thanks to you, we are. Looking forward to our upcoming launch party for you at Spirit of 77.
Welcome to the team Billy Smith, and Clayton Clark!
Mrs. Metcalf just plucked me big time
You alone are the judge of your worth and your goal is to discover infinite worth in yourself, no matter what anyone else thinks.
Not Country Joe and the Fish?
#Denver #Broncos @ KC Chiefs this weekend... AFC West matchup... lets go #Denver !!!
Hey, we have reached our goal!! We now have 100 fans of facebook! Thanks to everyone who became a fan, there will be a surprise very soon!
leg bomb!!!! RT : And Angelina's superfab leg is now on Twitter. Of course! RT : Look at me!
Could u get them to follow me and and
Dion Dublin. Defender & Striker
#6 is the nicest person I have ever came across & I am truly thankful for every encounter I ever had with him <3
Success is going from failure to failure without a loss of enthusiam.-Winston Churchill
My tennis season has been awesome :) I only want it to end so my late nights of homework will be over!
GM TO ALLTHE TWITTER FAMILY!!!~
Sunday morning cardio - its my place of worship. Bevs is quiet at 6am :)
City of Warren is nice I'm glad we moved out here no hood shit out here I can relax and just do me nobody bothering me no drama
It's Friday Night and I'm sitting at home
you are a picture of awesomeness Jennifer I really appreciate the support and follow come check out
Back in Austin after a week in Pittsburgh. My company was doing what is basically a week-long Game Jam. Tremendously great time.
New coal giant Mozambique faces rising public anger
“: Preciate the follow my G!---> ” no prob
I would like Qdoba for breakfast, but I know what it will do to my stomach once mixed with coffee 💩
Honest to god- I just pulled a pube out of my Subway Sub! No joke!
Saying I love you in texts form is soo much easyer than saying it in person!
#thursdaytip When abroad, act like a local. Read up on the culture of your destination so you don't offend any of the locals :)
#Angelinajolie looks sickly thin. Just saying.
Why are we not rebounding at all?
84% The Hunger Games Thrilling and superbly acted, The Hunger Games captures the dramatic violence, raw emotion, and ambitious scope of i
I know I'm pathetic and sickly with things. But at least I sneaked in my room undetected. Now I wait for morning.
Happy birthday to all you Feb 29 people go wild you only celebrate your b'day once every 4years !! :D
Ok, decided on a Champagne Punch for my #BoozeforBooks shindig. NYers are welcome to crash. DM for address.
I want a man but I don't need one.
Idk If I'll Watch It Tonight :/
Remember playing Blue Note w/ Ray Barretto & Kenny sat in. At a time he began uttering, he played so much sax that next step was prayer.
Good girls love Italian food... Bad girls love Italian waiters.
-__- what do you want?
Having great day soo far:)
You guys did a great job w/ #GRC11, really looking forward to #PAC11!
No prescription insurance no problem. We are here to help! email us for
Thank you to everyone who came out to the mascot auditions today and to for hosting us!
but it's going to be okay because it was just a dream. Nothing is going to happen I'm sure of it <3
looks useful..linkage to the article?
I have gotten GREAT deals on brewers gear from TJ Maxx.
I'm parting with my old habits. I'm kinda sad.
when are you going to build a tool for communities to form around the process of reading/writing books?
"My achilles heel is love"
is a hottie with a body, cutie with a booty bahahahahah thats catchy
nothing fooo how is u dorin?
because she retarted!
just sang red solo cup with aunt nancy and lauren. #winning shoulda been here
i thought we had a chance without Rose....i thought everyone else would step it up and do their thing but nope....smh
The people where I go to get my nails done do a good job but I'm 100% sure they would eat me first if it came down to it.
thx for all the support. finished with doc. no surgery! just physical therapy for a month. not even a sling to let the world know i'm hurt.
wow indeed. I'll certainly try to make that.
yezzir we'll be pouring up then
I wan a snack wish I was at home so I can just reach under my pillow
Happy to hear! RT : Had a wonderful, eye-opening experience, and great tour guides. Already planning another trip to Dearborn!
There are 9,865 species of birds alive today. (Source: IUCN)
So welcome. I love good writing. I suck at it. Should have paid more attention in class.
“The discovery of a good wine is increasingly better for mankind than the discovery of a new star.” — Leonardo da Vinci
let the church say amen!! andre crouch!!! I love it
But yeah. I can totally imagine wanting to do that!!
Visited my hometown...walked around the mall for a bit...then I thought "Thank God I moved to LA!"
I'd have guessed whiskey.
Rest in Peace Dick Clark! New Year's Eve specials won't be the same without you!!
Hey, can you get rid of birds in a bathroom exhaust vent?
Thanks for the follow and
On train to 's with a tray of whoopie pies
When you lie the lie get worst there's no way to Stop it! :-( it 's all my fault. So so sorry
Iced latte Nancy Botwin style
Trials are intended to be learned from, and to make you stronger. Be encouraged in the Lord, and help to lift someone else up.
they're only trying to help. Remember, porn doesn't watch itself. Often.
And what does that mean????
Shanny will win with Skins, but will forever be in search of next Elway. Don't be surprised if trades and drafts more QBs.
what you want is what you get
hee hee If this was in regards to my 'UX according to Vanilla Ice' talk - no fruit was flung so I'm calling it a win! /cc
Good morning :) off to the shower 💦☺
Give me a lever long enough and a fulcrum on which to place it, and I shall move the world. Archimedes
"Call Me Maybe" is fantastically terrible. I'm absolutely a sucker for big summer pop songs, it's a vice, and I'm working on it.
I am SO excited for #yoga tonight. I need to stretch my muscles, rinse my negative energy and get balanced in a bad way!
Thanks for the great hour; sorry we were rushed at the end. Congrats on a really fine book. RT :
my dad is next to Crawford jersey. Fokker is there a lot.
Wow. The new Hospital is incredible! Great addition to the Streeterville medical community.
kinda like the enchanted swifites? Have you heard of them?
Tricia, I found this GREAT video relating to social media. It is one of my tweets-I am married but engaged!!! Best,
“ I have one of you and your ex together looking al al cute! Can't wait to up load it either ;)
#MyPastRelationships have shown me the difference between a BOY and a MAN.
SO JEALOUS. Have a blast!!!! LITB
Tumble Inn with ☺
hahaha, i'm glad you saw that.
BOY MEETS GIRL! BOY MEETS WORLD! I feel like Edward Scissorhands so much power in my palms and I don't understand! :)
Lincoln: "Liberty to all-the principle that clears the path for all-gives hope to all-and by consequence, enterprise, and industry, to all."
Some of us were freshmen in college in '94.
There's a story behind every person. There's a reason why they're the way they are. Think about that before you judge someone.
Soon the Nazis will do a dos-a-dos in Germany, while our victorious troops will be grasping the hands of their comrades of Russia. [1945]
I tend to impress people with my card-making skills. Absolutely priceless for family
interesting many cannot make the leap from GUI to NUI when thinking about mobile design. is this why apps look like desktop remnants?
My pleasure, thanks for the opportunity to, well, collaborate!
Would you rather be poor or homeless?
The man has some sunshine back in his life
Sarah and I saw HG yesterday. Absolutely outstanding movie! I hope you all enjoy it!
"There is a difference between expressing your opinion and being rude."
Awful news from Harvard RT : And everyone will have a chance to apply for the few jobs that will be left.
Ngata classic ravens! Drafts great defensive player than sign them long term.
is beautiful in every way. She's my best friend, and I'd do anything for her. Keep your head up and keep smiling, love <3 :)
I'm craving a swirl cone from frost bite....
Hey I make sense!....sort of
morning texts >>> RT " #ImTheTypeOfBoyfriend that will send you that good morning text every morning."
I'm in love with granny smith apples.
That's usually how it works. :) The more familiar, the more comfortable, the more enjoyable!
um, really? I had no idea.
Yup, I'm a member and I'm looking forward to being more involved this year. And hopefully meet everyone sometime.
Alas, the Vikings aren't moving to Los Angeles. So much for the #LAVikings jokes. And my tax dollars will partially pay for it. C'est la vie
RT : If happiness were the national currency, what kind of work would make you rich? << Good question!
Please! ! Please !! All my follower delete this account and start following me on this account. alik_rainey thank you
I have a lot of links and references for Social Media Network analysis. Email me!
Yes the BEST RT : youre a leo too??
Yay! :) RT : oh raven we missed you too
Top 10 #Soccerisms by NASCAR FANS: She's all tore up.
Some people just don't get it
omg yes please!!
My boss is now following me. Say hello to him. Say it loudly because he doesn't hear so well.
True, but I'm particularly disturbed by the female leadership in the Republican party (Coulter, Palin, O'Donnell).
But I know Jack Donaghy. He's no Jack Donaghy.
rondo doing better at the free throw line then ray ray!!
How is everybody doinn today?? It's so beautiful out
Really???! Well you didn't need them anyway! Lol
Does nobody in Columbus work on Fridays?! The traffic on 270 right now 😠
whatever will the concern trolls do now?
have done that many times. Makes for great practice. Gl
Happy Friday! No triskaidekaphobia here. You?
I want to see your everything. Hehe :)
just saw season one of teen wolf, you were great!!
Economics of the situation changed SIGNIFICANTLY after the Braun deal. Team simply cannot afford to pay Fielder now.
You can tell when I am bored when I am on Twitter. Lol.
all morning I kept thinking, "i wonder what kind of cool shit I get to do today."
DAMMIT WHERE IS THE BREAD IN THIS HOUSE????
Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they've got a second.
Thx for RTs and Both your parents evidently heeded those tips ;) (cc @)
Rangers / Tigers is gonna be one fuck of a series.
i don't know I'm weird
About to take this online defensive driving course...
HI AUSTIN'S WIFE?!
....whose pointless lives are ground to ash by their inability to move in any direction.
I'm in the market for that sweet taste of nectar but I'll settle for two cantaloupes and a cherry.
Key word here is "I"
It's raining cats and dogs and rain.
Check out Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind?
Focus now is on edu software - taking a collaborative approach to info gathering & purchasing that engages stakeholders & streamlines
has a headache.
just made me cry!!
Thank YOU! So glad you had the time to register and check us out! Feel free to give my code to others you think would enjoy!
I hate when people keep talking to me when I'm clearly not listening
The subtweets on my TL within the past few hours >>>>
Thanks for the FF My Man!
good advice. I've seen that mistake too many times. Xo J
Baseball is "always in my heart"
#YouWereCuteUntil you opened your mouth.~
Shout Out To All My Followers Keep Supporting My Music
The nicest compliment a faculty board can pay to an editor like me is asking if my acquisitions represent an attempt at world domination.
I want to reinvent the TV watching experience! What do you have in mind?!
darn it! I was out of town and missed it. Hope it was a big success !!!
Oh what a beautiful morning:)! Have a wonderful day friends
OK will do
turn the whole world against me as long as you don't leave.
An email was supposed to be sent at 10 a.m. It's been stuck in "sending" mode for too long. Please help?!
Hi ! Sorry everything is so crowded today. Have you been outside yet? There's lots to do and more space out there. :)
We were hoping to #spottheshuttle outside the office. No luck
It took me 27 mins to get from Church to Van Ness
One hour left of the telethon. Any amount would be greatly appreciated.
red bull
and last pro rant, I swear. I feel like I can't even watch #okcthunder games anymore cause I hate derek fisher. Like since 2001.
Ah okay :)
I love you
goodluck baby bells :*
I don't think the porn industry wants to be associated with the original movie.
Teen Wolf is airing on NBA-TV right now. If this is what they resort to when there's a strike on, then I'm all for strikes.
At SERU panel where co-chair of committee to draft user guidelines for electronic resources is uncomfortable w/ using computer.
Oh wow. Looks fancy! Love the new site and the new office. I bet would love to do an Agency Tour. Who can I email?
...I am ridiculously sleepy. Will probably be going to bed early.
Come Sunday, I honestly might wuss out and drink tea instead.
Good morning America and good morning .. Real Estate, Real Results!!
oh my gosh I'm having the same problem! Can't deny it- I've got a cold.. uh!
Deucebrand Watch Giveaway..guess the halftime score of this Spurs/Clippers game. Closes one win, last entry accepted at 6 min mark of 2Q RT
": This tweet reminds me of someone! lol" Lol where u hopping at
umm i a boy. this just go awkward
Back from 17 days in Switzerland, the trip was great !
#LoveSchoology? Share what you like most about #Schoology by tweeting your favorite feature and using the hashtag
I can't taste ur car insurance.
yay... im being kidnapped tonite i cant wait !!
Read about two iOS Math Apps made by classroom teachers: tonyv.me/mabt
no more procrastinating fml
I can't wait to move back to orange county in january!
KTWV (94.7 The Wave)/L.A. got a mention on the season finale of NBC's "Up All Night." What's your fave radio shoutout on TV or in movies?
Nice article in American Libraries!
Swagged out skeleton
FLIRT TIP: 32% of men in recent poll say their biggest romantic worry is what to text to a new flame.
I need to retake #GREs any secrets to share?
I F**KING LOVE, CHIPTUNE MUSIC!!! =D
Hey ! At the flatiron in the east atlanta village drinking again !!
Be sure to catch our very own tonight at 9 pm, playing the alongside & ! Gonna be a party! :)
Than you!! she's been around awhile, too.
haha by accident
Overeem's attorney: The injection he was given was for anti-inflammatory. We will produce vial for inspection by NSAC.
how you doin?
I'm hearing through the grapevine that NYCO has lifted work-stoppage and will start rehearsals tomorrow
They have shirts that are specifically for you and your little and if purchased they donate $1 to the organization. Very reasonably priced!
Thank you!
RT Had a blast today at ascarate park with my Gz family. Life wouldn't be the same without them ♥
I've got 30 CDs to give away find me if you don't have one.
Omg everybody threw their tests out for hatzell I don't even remember getting mine I hope I'm not the only one that's gonna fail
I'm gonna use it in a song!
I assume you caught Hamilton's HR? Glad you saw him go yard. I have you in for a live hit at 5:20. Feel free to use "go yard".
Everyone follow my other account ((:
choked up, grateful & glad. thanks,
Hello! Long time no see. Hope the holidays treated you well. :)
Remember that Tango Lessons and S.I.N.are cancelled this tonight. They'll resume at 7pm and 10pm next week like always!
go on 2mm
heyy.. I hope you have a good day mahomie!#yee I <3 you....
G2G see you later twitter got school ah hate Monday's hope I get follows I follow you back I promise ;)
same. It sucks
Got some weekend fun ideas for you! Lex In The Cities in 10 mins
Only person who feels worse than Aron Winter about that 3-0 Toronto FC loss is Bruce Arena.
Lol what's new
Getting ready for the #MomInspired party! Less than an hour away!
my bed is so comfy, I'm ready for a nap
okay so i havent been on twitter in a while and my followers dropped.
! time for some flix. night all!
I love how I feel after working out
Buffalo sweetbreads, grilled ramps, foie gras biscuits....oh man I love Delish dinner w/ &
So true, So true.
How long will the rain last? Tune in now at noon with Laura Diaz - Local 6
Tired, pmsing, at the airport, so much stuff to get done = crabby serina
Oh, it could happen. I'm a book and a half behind, but I'll probably catch up between now and then. & watch the show.
Happy Easter!!
Thanks also to , , Charlaine Harris, Karin Slaughter and David Hosp. Hope you all had as much fun as we did!
Keeps the pencil. Doesn't apologize.
sure. let's make a trade ... you write a post for my blog on your favorite padre of all time. deal?
thx for the follow :) check out my donation page & RT if you'd like. Have a great day!
I hope it's the latter 😊
Follow The Mang
you cared enough to respond...
Got Pitchfest questions? Come tonight to the Stand Up Comedy Clinic for answers 1213W Magnolia Burbank 7:30
Atlanta, Dallas, Houston, Cleveland, San Diego. #AmIRight?
BRING IT!
The drama at netflix seems to go on and on... I bet Hulu and Amazon execs are really enjoying it!
Keeping me busy today!
Good Morning! :D
"I know cooler heads are supposed to prevail, but am I the only one who really wants to see this?"
Tonight was just fun. Also, I'm really impressed by the crew of Those set changes were big and went off without a hitch.
Thanks, Jo!
no my friend u suppose to like the steelers lol
I may stay in Rhode Island and never come back!
Wigan??? Wow didn't see that one.
~Author UnknownA great obstacle to happiness is to expect too much happiness .
It's another great day in Detroit....Going to fly my kites and take in the sun.
we look fwd to serving you! U coming to the groundbreaking on May 14?
There is nothing like getting someone who's having a bad day to crack a smile.If U think it's incompatible w/competition U missed the .
Many thanks for your mention
I was glad to see the news, too.
so did anyone actually read brave new world cause that's a negative on my part...
welp, I'm sick as a dog
Just came out of the doc now off to get breakfeast
from Brandon Norris Who wants to come over and play magic after the show?
The baseball team is back on campus after its trip home from the Marion, Ind., win. Two days off then prep for NAIA World Series starts Wed.
I just don't get tweeter yet.. How do you get followers.. And what do you do..
Lets party rock this Sat Flip cup tourney starts at 2pm! .com to enter!
was great to meet you, too!
Thanks for the retweet! We'd love to hear your thoughts this week in our exchange discussion.
Good Morning! Inner Quote: "First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do". -Epictetus
I hate when people touch my stuff it hit my nerved and man that tickes me off
I sometimes do some dumb shit just to fuck with people
RT : 40% of children watch television, DVDs or video every day. 75% have watched TV before 2. What are they learning?
if you love justin bieber your obvs a new belieber cuz if you have been one you would miss the old justin with every fiber of your being.
I rlly miss you too dude! And ur gonna die of shock once we talk but as far as I know everything is gravynowmayb:p :)
To the contrary, it's deja vu all over again in 75-minute increments... but it's not just a sensation, methinks it's real
amanda, ashley, allison? amber?
Playing both sides, shit that I dont like.
Ewww, sounds like a death sentence Snooks!
RT : to the bears haha WOW. Back with his BFF."
An Idahoan man was arrested, and gave the arresting officer a name that differed from the surname tattooed on his forearm.
My window just broke.
And we wish we could feed you! Nothing wrong with a lazy Saturday morning, right? Maybe we'll see you soon?
Hm. I think it can be one or the other. I wonder what our audiences think; maybe i'm wrong
wiz khalifa older songs went harder than his songs now...
same in omaha NE:)
I'd take quality followers over quantity followers anyday
The church group I'm at the game with has no idea who #Kittenface, #NC17 and #Mitchapalooza are.
Just came from NBC's upfront presentation. Long and monotonous. Nothing new really stands out.
and when is MKE's largest fish fry?!? that's a must.
A good tweet is one that stands on its own merit! Yes?
I'm no guru, but if you #LOVE somebody, let them go, for if they return, they were always yours. And if they don’t, they never were.
Warm wishes for your Thanksgiving holiday from everybody at the Group Travel Leader! Hope you have save travels and happy memories!
RT Wake me up when September ends is an amazing number.
My duty is to try to reach beauty. Cinema is emotion. When you laugh you cry. Roberto Benigni
so far so good.
Dog fencing can be an attractive and functional option whether you are keeping your don in or out..
shit... It will b a good match up... As long as go down.. I'm good.. Go HEAT!!
There is a punk rock burrito joint in York, PA and I just met the proprietors. If you're ever in the area...
I want one direction to do a singing so badly here in Miami I hope they do I will do anything for that to happen!!
Why cant i get my profile picture changed?? blahh
Steve Kerr just stated that Kobe is a better dribbler and shooter than Jordan. -- Been saying it for years
.. its hard not to be at work when you have a ecommerce site. Someone is always ordering.
work, work, and more work
KG was everywhere on that last defensive play. Guarded Holiday, changed Williams' shot and grabbed the rebound. Crazy.
Who are the real floppers?
We all need a reason to buy cute new shoes. This is perfect!
I love watching the Flyers just bc the crowd is a sea of orange. They support their team every game.
Stay tuned for new music for a movie project... New R&B project... New Jazz project... And hitting' the road!
no, but I've CD's who call me in-Thing is, I can't always get back w. little notice which I feel like bugs them, u know?
I'll take a pass... But you should twit-pic it lol
CANT WAIT (((: IWISH U WOULD FOLLOW ME, IT WOULD BE A MIDNIGHT DREAM
There is only one thing in this world that I hate…Microsoft Windows
when are you going to dance back in Wisconsin again???
Thanks for the shout out.
Omw to class,,,
Signage at Boston's South Station makes Penn Station look like a model of clarity. I'm in some hellish underground netherworld.
Practicing for our gig on the 28th... Portland, Maine here we come!
way to be loyal to your team... and by your team i mean avon! telling them good job first... pssh... hahah
Love pie! For flaky crust, go with COLD coconut oil. Perfection.
At the church, sermon done. Still no priest here to tell me where to sit/stand. Weird being a guest preacher in a RC church.
Chillin w my chicks! Girls night!
B/C I follow and they let me know about #DCMeatWeek I have just signed up my whole office for all u can eat brisket.
: okay fine whatevs
Classic Deena. RT : Watching #waterforelephants on HBO. Such a great movie! And I love Rosie the elephant!
My frizzy hair is distracting me.
the #BBN already loves you. #9 let's go
Obama is more conservative than Ronald Reagan when you look at actual policy... the parties exist to benefit the rich.
i really should of sent a wad of cash and freak-style shopping list for yr trip! Jealous!
Major drivers of behaviors for #HealthLiteracy are different from kid to kid- find out what motivates them
Today I'm listening to Vic Rosenthal talking about solidarity with immigrant workers in Postville, Iowa, on MinnPost.com.
they should :)
Jeans and my college summit shirt today.
I have VERY VERY strong feelings about it!! What do we have to do??
where is your favorite place for fried fish?
hey whats up
great photos
indeed bro
yay!! You're back!!
I saw when you was talking about this wanted to ask but I know it's a touchy subject
Dos Santos VS Mir Who's Gonna Watch That ?
don't remind me :(
Nail a man's shoes to the ground and he will never leave! HA! My grandma and she was Dominican! Similarities!
Nick: Hey look outsideMe:ugh okay Nick:tell me why it looks like it's 6:30 but it's really only 6:25! #nationalbestfriendday NickEtienne2
Rosa, I'm am environmental specialist for teh federal goverment when i work from home i use my Lenovo for everything.
Sounds like fun. I look forward to seeing it.
Health is also important : air quality: clean buses: and their are so many answers
Game 4 in San Antonio #Spurs vs
“: I. HATE. LIARS.”<-- Wooooooooooooosa!
Autocorrect is hilarious. In a sec not a sex
Poor guy is going through some stuff right about now ... I would help ... oh wait I give no Fucks ahha
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 110
did last night. me likey :)
Thought for Today: "If an article is attractive, or useful, or inexpensive, they'll stop making it tomorrow; if it's all three, they stopped
thanks! Will keep cheering for & Oh, and have you read "In the Garden of Beasts" by Erik Larson?
I bought the very first sweatshirt but I apparently suck at getting your attention....
Bum ass hoes taking pics in front of the DFACS office
Hooray! Love you too!!!
So i'm am going to learn over the next 2-3 Weeks how to be a young lady .. Super :) lol
my first year of college was so hard im just happy i made it
"Programmers think better in code." I think I just found a good reason for using #cucumber to force people outside their comfort zone
Definitely have met people who don't like ketchup...never anyone that doesn't like BBQ sauce.
prayers going out! :)
What is this breakfast time you speak of?
Walmart is crap, Figgins is crap. That's all I was trying to say. Evidently, it was a horrible attempt. Lol.. :)
@ Austin__Lsmith hope all is good!!
Love Arian Foster's story. Always got to root for a guy who makes the most of his opportunity.
love to lick it good and wet, shove my rock hard cock up in your tight hole, dump off my baby batter then i'm going to...
I love Chicago
KEEP THE MENTIONS GOING FOR FOR A FREE TICKET INTO MY CABANA WITH ALL THE PLAYBOY LADIES ;} WE WILL SEE YOU HAS THE MOST METIONS
Late night Steak N Shake would seriously make this the best night ever.
#False. Collect your seeds and do not support seed manufactures unless they are non #GM and
So being pretty is easy right? Sarcasm ...What about the senior co workers who treat u like crap because of their insecurities?
Thanks for the RT of my article! Hope you're having a great weekend! :)
sorry i unfollowed. Some app i was using screwed my twitter up (:
she was pretty much the only reason I watched the show b
Thanks. Maybe the park will happen tomorrow, maybe not
Whew, I'm settling in here in Honolulu. It's been damn fun to find new simple things like a new market or a new bike or new couch.
I'm about to DIE cuz they NEED to play #SAYSOMETHIN already I can't wait any longer!!!
I have a piece of paper with "3:40" printed on it posted to my bulletin board. A faculty member just saw it and knew what it meant. Awesome!
In the third paragraph he discusses his views on Christianity. You should recognize a very significant quote of his in there as well
Can't believe I am missing the Champions league game! Who made my silly travel plans? Oh, yeah...me. Go Chelsea
Studio tomorrow! Get ready ;)
proud a dem parrots.
Woah just mowed the lawn for first time looks like a golf corse lol yay me
indeed...liked the idea of a good "offense" by telling strong stories so as to avoid appearing defensive when brand is "attacked"
before the devil knows your dead yeah? Wasnt it tight seeing phillip seymour hoffman put in work!?
So tonight Tori Will be Joined by Chris Sheldon & Brian Adams from American Taxi!! Come check out some serious Banjo Action!!
WOMAN ARE CRAZY
Amen to this statement! Social networking sites that are about connecting > social sites where I have to block 99% of people.
It was a great class! LOVED IT! So inspiring and can't wait to go again with you!
Ugh! How can you be a "Life Coach" and a person whose philosophy keeps seeing a 3/4-full glass as half empty?
#HidesUnderBed RT : Q5. There are no secrets here! Which Chicago newscaster do YOU have a crush on?
following up from this morning: how do universities reinvent their organizations to be fault tolerant and move faster?
its okay
Ok, what the hell is up with Heath Bell? Miss Petco, much? More blown saves than saves.
We just walked by some 5th grade boys playing basketball at St. Therese and Letty went NUTS
ugh, twitter is gonna get shot
Can I sit next to you as you watch.?
Hans and I are going to be on the radio today around 1:20 talking about the show on saturday Yay! 91.7
Shouldn't that be "polygynous"?: Gorillas live in polygyny groups
OH YEEAAAHH (in my craig & B voice)
his birthday past....ask him what he got me!?!
Jesus Ugalde Content Summit: "Cyberhives: a Facebook-like experience!"
Hey! You're very welcome.
Aw ((: Yayayay! I'm so excited!! I'm sure its going to be gorgeous!
It's going to be an awesome day!
Last day with the southerners
I hate children.
Thanks for posting! Useful for my project at my site...
It's like they're saying everything I'm listening too
RAY ALLEN MISSES A FREE THROW WITH LESS THAN 10 secs!!! Really??
yup it says he is message him
27 seconds remaining....FINS 60 BU 56!!! LETS GO FINS! Time to Finish!!
A certain time in a certain dimension deep in space
UFC fight with my dad tonight! :)
Everything is pointing at the South Stand Supporters Group renaming to the Kettle as competition for the
lmao I know who you're talking about RT Man I saw some fake Flu games today @ school
I love that it's US Open time again! And 2 weeks till in concert at San Diego House of Blues!!
Wonder if the Penn state ex couch was a different race. Would he be out of jail now
The bitches you meet now a days...
Red sweat shirt. Red sweat pants. Pink toe shoes.
A little bit of everywhere lol what about you?
I really need to stop this whole talking thing.
bob dylan songs - "saw a shooting star tonight"...& it reminded me of you..."when traveling i hum this song & think of my granddaughter.
Life is not about getting through the storms, but about dancing in the rain
Holy shit. Since when did my mom know how to make sushi?
y would someone end ur life?!?
So many awesome chefs on twitter, makes it worth it
how many good shots are you hitting in a 44?
so spanky, my dads all unconfuseded now and i'm going up on friday. i hope i see you soon beautiful.<3
Every time I leave my LA office and go to Newport Beach the Dow drops +200 points!
Is there any meetup/tweetup in Hawaii?
Light eyes and blonde hair are a plus.....but a great smile and personality should be a must.
Really loving the collection website. smart and clean design.
I have no idea?
Greatest day in Phoenix Coyotes history? Potential new owner to keep the team in PHX and the first ever Western Conference Finals berth.
The internet is not for sissies.
i wonder where u at u havent Tweed nothing whats rong me sad tweet Logan makes me happy :-) if u tweet
I know I wish it were more Weddings. This one was a real shocker. Didn't know she was that sick.
ooh! That'd be awesome! I think the last time a #spokane act was at was in 08?
Let's goo lol
and the man speaks..well...types.
the dog whisperer
u ok?
they keep deactivating & reactivating their account -__-
Just a heads up ya'll ... Amici's will be closed this Monday September 27th for the Packer vs Bears game!
luckily the sneaker net sufficed and I just walked the file down the hall ha
The road to hell is paved with adverbs. ~Stephen King
3am and im still up? OMG.!
All history may be transfigured beyond recognition in the light of the imagination.
a CAPS Bench model can do that for the birds on #RhinoTech #facebook site.
Thanks for stealing my best friend.
CONGRATULATIONS! I wanted a longer fight than the last fight and you gave it to US. "PEACE"
I had often fantasized about running into my ex and his wife. But in those fantasies, I was running over them with a truck - Sex and the Cit
Chillin in Orono for a bit until the game at 4!
haha yea it's kinda funny lol then he try's to double tap it and it goes off kinda lol you should play it at pulse :b
#WFUD12 reporters are governed by collegiality. Would my colleagues be okay with this?
Woo. SEVEN guests today!
People really do need to stop thinking that me and #oomf are together. It will never happen, I mean they text me from a food stamp phone. 👎
See, I never got into GCB. But #Scandal? Love it!
hey my friend I took picture with you at teen hoot!! Follow us? :)
Where is Woods Hole? I'm in Cape Cod for the Summit.
I'm such an awkward person
Does the word #innovation mean anything anymore? Seems like people just add it to any sentence when they need a hip, positive descriptor.
I Am Officialy Out Of School Don't Have To Se Those RACHET IRRELEVANT Females ANYMORE!!!!
The roommate's moving home today. Anyone know where I can get sage to burn?
thank ya(:
The difference between a moral man and a man of honor is that the latter regrets a discreditable act, even when it has worked and he has not
Fuck my iPhone fell out of my pocket on the way out >.> at least it only added a lot more personality to the case :/
i can't believe i didn't run into you at #INTADC - i had a 1 in 10,000 chance! hope you're enjoying the conference!
Love to me is you. You told me I was the best girl ever,that you would change anything in the world just to be with me. Now that's love<3(:
I dressed my cat up in a ballet tutu. with a puppet hat on her head and a dress that's suppose to be a pumpkin for a dog.
Going to try to drive home with one contact in!
And now everyone has won a postseason series. Horay for MLB postseason parody!! Hustle plays and antlers earned that for the Rangers.
sure :D
forecast here is high of 49, no rain, which is perfect for New York City Marathon runners, not the spectators
DID SHE JUST ANSWER YOUR QUESTION?!?!?!?!!!
Cooking up some enchiladas tonight...stay tuned.
I said today would be really good or bad. Leaning towards bad. We moved btw so much farther to sitter. About 25 min each way
#DontSay 'Money Over Bitches' When You Don't Get Girls & You're Always Broke. Stupid Ass.
you in my 'who to follow < i'd rather not look at your face
long live the Queen...
cant sleep... ugh and i got court early at 8:30 this morning =P *->BaByDoLL<-*
It is FREEZING in the studio right now. The bosses must be trying to keep us well preserved.
Hate how Ex's go and block me on FB & Twitter, and tell me to lose their number, ect. Lol, bitch, who said I was gonna try to contact you!?
My Team Winning That A Fact Boii We Got Fat Pocketzz Like a Fat Boii $$$$
follow me ¡¡¡ please
Haha thnx. I honestly think that Ivy Blue sounds better though
"You have built your own Prison of Perception. But you—and you alone—have the power to break free."
time to cuddle up w. my blanket - Goodnight :)
that was a sad one. a noun...trying to modify another noun..."signifying nothing"
I love mentions and suggestions from yall about the show, without the fans the #jackiedamodel show wouldn't be what it is
you should think about the interview you have today.. not the fact that cueto is about to get blown up
I can't even watch the fake surgery on medical tv shows. Good thing I don't work in that field!
I wish I could have a Portillo's chopped salad right about now.....
Cool, I be right out. Btw I never wear a suit!
it is not looking good for today's Galley Chat. My boss pushed our 11:30 meeting up... and we haven't started yet.
because my phone is downstairs & I'm on my iPod so iMessage uses my email
The JPA 5K is now a CARA certified event. That means a discount for CARA members!!!
Do you ever get excited about the weather and then realize you were looking at Cupertino instead of Chicago?
shit son... You know I is.
I'm crying out of pure frustration right now.
if i don't pass this final on monday my life is over as i know it. please let this work out in my favour!
Social skills training, vocational help for adults/teens on spectrum, sometimes medication can help with sensory.
I learned an important lesson tonight. God is all around us & things happen every second because of Him. Open your eyes and you will see it!
Watching Bill Maher show with special guests Common and Barney Frank. Maher is kind of a jerk, but his guests are charming and intelligent.
doing laundry *laughs* do u have a bf?
It's the #FirstDayofSpring What are you doing to celebrate?
Next Sunday is a national holiday :-p
Where is everybody ? Guess ill clock bck in @ 10 ! Llh
Amazing things happening! 1. I'm so PROUD of my girls who walked in the Blush of Spring Runway Show this past weekend!
am a huge fan.
Boobs: Proof that men can pay attention to two things at once.
And hats! RT : yep, he had the best voice and songs.
geico based in the DC area. Case of assuming everyone follows Redskin football??
Another good weekend for AZ hoopsters on the AAU circuit. Kids continuing to get better and rep AZ well!
Anyone see #Colombiana yet? Curious if its worth seeing in theaters?
monday night football. hoping eli does well so i win fantasy football.
Watching my cat make biscuits never ceases to make me smile
Poor kiddo's eyes are all red and puffy from his allergies. :( hopefully that benedryl will help him sleep.
May the 4th be with you.
rt: Marketing your company and yourself is a 24/7 job. If you want time away from your job, you shouldn't own or lead a business
Didn't think I'd ever tweet "I forgot about Devotchka" but look. I just did.
will you drive with me to lubbock to see wcar omm mmi and texas in july?
I'm pretty sure I've arrived at this conference for Twitter folks more than anything.
Oh hello (;
That sounds awesome. If only i could sing.....good
Be Yourself! "Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind." Dr. Seuss
Dirty hit after dirty hit by philly and now the crowd is chanting "asshole" Stay Classy Philly! 2-1 Devils lead! with 3-1 series lead!
o wait! Lol I get it. You think they are rude.... its sometimes true. But I still love them
Jason Mraz to visit Klipsch Music Center! Get your presale tickets April 12th at 10am!
Sweet Sixteen teams are currently battling to make the Elite Eight. What do everyone's brackets look like?
if someone claimed them, would it not still be just as bad? Lol.. Either way it's still shit!
Im still new to this twitter stuff! What is DM? is it a direct message? LOL! Can't wait to talk-lots to catch up on!!!
it was on!?dayumm im watching Shrek <3 i love Donkey lml
Amen....I lost a lot of respect for him...Even if you disagree with the pres....you still show respect. BAD CHOICE
Queen size, respectively.
haha thanks alot! i wish i couldve gotten a pictue with you at teen hoot!
Thanks for the linkage!
Welcome to the circus , I hope you enjoy the show! : ) I truly appreciate your support!
Thanks for the follow!
what do you gals have planned?
What do you consider your greatest achievement? How did you reach it?
It's time to stop talking about problems of the past and embrace the future. Nathan Fletcher is our city's best choice for mayor.Pass it on!
just workin on hits too....we need to do some more magic!!!
#Medeco #SmarteCylinderSolutions Reduces liability associated with lost or stolen keys
on council friday night, you need to be paid more!
hmm didn't think about check-in services. scary thought. the optimist in me wants to believe cams are for good.
Time to burn some calories before the big weekend!!!!
RT : We just registered for the March 28th & Social Media Trends Webinar Check it out!
have not been on this in a while
Just got an email from The Figgs. New double album being mastered. 2012 tour being planned!
It's hot up in here. Newts supporters are on fire.
Service pros: Scold a client at a first (or any) meeting for tardiness, forgeting an item or misunderstanding, bad PR ensues.
Ahh I LOVE my new heels:)).
In my #dream last night I was shopping for star wars toys at the mall with and Rick Schroder.
I love driving through New Mexico. There is a lot of beautiful land and I got to see some rain storms :)
The tournament buy-in will be $150, with an additional $50 for breakfast buffet prior to the Tournament, cocktails & silent auction follow.
MacDonald's!?
i have so much faith in them and they let me down
HES NOT ALLOWED INTO THE FAB 4. THAT'D MAKE IT THE FAB 5 AND THATS SO NOT FETCH
didn't yo mama teach you, "nobody likes a snitch!"
This year sucked anyway
RT: “: Back pains. Cramps. Craving reeses. #FemalePains” +++ YES!! This is US :)
My life is so damn unstable. . .
Yes, yes do it! If you decide on a style quick we can get a yeast starter going for you, we have saved a few vials.
goodmorning too you too! how u doing?
Charlie Chaplin interview on WAVS 1170 at 9am on the John T show
DOH! those pesky 2 named cities of rocks and forts!
My dad has done 5 things to make me mad in the past hour.
Yu best believe the NY vs MIA game is about go DOWN!!! (in my Kevin Hart voice)
you'll do great! :) Good luck! <3
Scream you will feel better
Literally haven't done quiche the last 2 periods
Very odd. What was your favorite Best Picture nominee? I liked The Descendants the best.
However many ways there might be of being alive, it is certain that there are greatly more means of being dead, or rather not alive.
thanks but its true ..
Heavily thinking about this early turn in..
Me too! Which Avenger member are you excited to see?
roxanne* you* chinese*
CONGRATS AUSTIN <33333 gonna go to subway and throw a party (;
I remember singing "Girls" in the first grade. "that's all I really want". RIP MCA - Lots of great B-Boys memories.
Can't wait for this weekend. Thank you for kicking off the Downtown Alive event..www.facebook.com/events/377967948895204/
Today's #RocnDeal - 85% Off In-Studio Portrait Session and 8x10 Textured Portrait at Tantalo Photography
On my way to photoshoot crime scene of The Wailing with FX make up artist in NYC keep you posted!
have fun! (i'm still under cover. Lol)
Is The Avengers any good?
you could have asked, I'd wash it for you, with my tongue
www.panemoctober.com :)
So ready for Memphis in May. Who wants to come with?
"If you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, go together." -African proverb, via
RT Damb, Owen Daniels may have broke his hand????
The DECA NW Fall Orientation Leadership Conference is coming up! Those interested please contact an officer (via fb or email) for details.
popping out of SL mode for a second: Q respond? Seriously people. The same Q who has replied to a later email?
RT : For real can score you points with your significant other and get you points with
Someone hijacked my Twitter account. If you received a DM from me, please disregard.
thanks! Means a lot coming from you
lol to touch the net maybe. You can barely jump on top of a piece of paper!
oh yeah! Just made 40 bucks babysiting! :D
I won't regret this tweet; OMG I'm sorry Mom. We have to go to Africa.
tonight was a great night I throw a brithday party for my girlfriend ..it went great happy brithday baby I love you..
Im gone be in texas for a lil While then move to Huston
So it's true about atheists in foxholes? RT Please baby Jesus...give Tony enough fuel to finish the Brickyard in the lead.
Congrats to Bearcats Pead, Wolfe, and coach Jones on winning Big East Offensive POY, Defensive POY, and COY! C U n Memphis on New Year's Eve
Yea it's hot. The Saints are playing and you folks like 2 things. Da Saints and cold cheap beer. So get your ass in here by kick off.
Ashley, please don't forget about me. would love to run the q&a in the coming weeks. gracias.
Red Sox trade Josh Reddick to Oakland for Andrew Bailey.
I am now leaving to go to a mall early enough to beat all the young whipper snappers. If I try to buy a minivan next, someone please slap me
Come On, ONLY one more follower!!!
Friday should work. I'm sort of limited on eating out since I don't eat dairy anymore.
Come use your Groupon at the B, we will not be accepting them the weekend of HampdenFest (September 9th-11th)
Only the dreamer shall understand realities, though in truth his dreaming must be not out of proportion to his waking
because your all in my business when truth is there is no reason for you to be, so just unfollow me and we will be good
Middleton named finalist for National Sustainability Award. Congratulations Mike Davis!
MAHONE MADNESS! Yeah! I don't think there is one person that doesn't have it (;
I like how I can follow the mess and tell exactly what my roommate did last time he was in the room
Just found out that Leslie has never seen the double rainbow video.
What do you guys think about the new profile image? Its from a photoshoot last month with :)
For a good time, call 606-4311. Ask for Candy.
Lets get these outs
thank you soo much ur support means soo much
- plus the cost of the ink stamp pad for their little paw print signatures.
MT Mourdock got 1 congratulatory call from a GOP U.S. senator. We'll see in a few hrs if it was premature
The things that kids ask in health class..
Have a great weekend everyone!
Andre Miller has the most stealth lob pass in the league. I bet he could sucker punch you before you knew you were hit.
thanks for the #FOLLOW Also
Lick my ballsack! ;) What are you at missy?
You're welcome! I have to remind myself of this very thing all the time :-)
Just because these rules get broken frequently doesn't make them new though...
Everybody dies but, not everybody lives..
Creating new Facebook business pages for Florida DUI lawyers. Make sure your firm has a good Facebook campaign.
We all know we have weaknesses, but focus on strengths and how far they can take you
i miss the myspace glory days
lol technically the guys looked slutty too :)
Just finished 7 miles on the trail.. Operation "NO EXCUSES!!" in full effect. and Biggest Loser is serious motivation!
you was suppose to be there. We Dominic said you was
thank you my hero! If you ever need it my cell number 915-867-1069. .
DO I LOOK LIKE McGUYVER?
That was a good one!!
she may night have a drivers license, but she can rock out on a piano... you coming?
Oral contraception is not purely sexual promiscuity
*every time*. I also almost typed "animal cables."
According to their Realtor, the property at 6565 Coffman Road will be cleaned up soon. Drove by there yesterday and it does look better.
True Blood was the best ever tonight !!!
Yeah because a teacher is not suppose to degrade no student either she gets fired or suspended.
where are you living in Poland? What piece of boltanskis was it?
": hope the Fox folks came thru with car and you got to sleep, welcome to cold San Diego, "freezing" w cold" HI GARY!!
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF #BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?:) 30
Movie idea: remake 'Trading Places' with playing the Dan Akroyd character.
Welcome to Downtown Atlanta! We're happy to have you on campus.
I'm not surprised. Most of there products are garbage. Cheap ingredients for corporate profits!
Her: Math. Me: Need help? Her: Naughn Me: ...??? These conversations make tweets look lengthy. Sigh #parenting = Hard Work 2/2
What's going on #Seattle? How's your #humpday going so far? Hope you guys are on this #Bartab Bowl! Sending drinks to win a party? Awesome!!
That's great! Thanks for getting back to me. RT : Yes, there were a couple of fans that showed the post!
good luck with your prezi. i am a fan!
Cool! RT we are about to be BESTIES! LK is moving to the 'Haven in 2 weeks!
Thank you
Amar'e had been lost since they got Chandler...Melo roll bounce back, but the bigger issue is Stat
Soon enough...there is nothing like those late nights!
And thank you to for writing such an awesome book.
Gorgeous day for the range. Have to get my game back into shape, and need to escape the real world for awhile.
He's done.....RT Gingrich: "We are going to think carefully about how we can be the most helpful to this country"
Good Morning, Twitter Friends. I hope you all slept well.
:) thx but sticking w/LIS MT :Notetaker Andrea at #iDigBio is so fast she could digitize everything singlehandedly in 10 yrs
I have lessons learned, not regrets.
Uh oh #santafe VIP party.
If you're a foodie.. you should be signed up for ! That's just part of your 'foodie' responsibilities..
Had the best time ever at house.
between the chocolate & mello yello i've had this morning, sitting still & focusing is now proving to be problematic :)
Happy Aloha Friday! :D
: happy to help. In transit to the US right now. Will email soon.
glad i didn't put all of them in there!
it really doesn't matter much, more about what order I'm putting it on a resume
"I hear and behold God in every object, yet understand God not in the least."
ah! use your magic and they will! #pbrforever !oh! and countdown until
"going to a luncheon. with the army. so, i'll go do that...and stuff."
All day I see tweets about what men should do.. so I'm guessing every woman in a relationship is the perfect girlfriend?
Mardel is the Christian fiction addict's crack house!
it must be so amazing and fun to tour with definitely a goal of mine haha (:
Wenger should have let you play in Cesc position. He lost the match. You should think about leaving to win something
Everyone check your "other" messages on Facebook!! I just did and found the most wonderful message from someone who loved my book!
Taking my oldest to see hunger games.
man your on a roll tonight ~^^
"Your thoughts become your words, your words become your actions, and your actions become your habits." Think only positive thoughts.
'And where does the newborn go from here? The net is vast and infinite.'
Don't miss us on "Sound of Africa" from 5-6 tonight! Streaming at KDVS.org featuring music by the Vision Stars!
Yoooooooo what's good!
- This guy knows business startups.
whoops, i dunno! :-X
With Great American Beer Festival, Bush/Chevelle and a Rapids game this weekend, could we be any luckier to live in Denver?
not really into polictics but thanks for the follow
Really impressed with Brandon Jacobs
"Beardsoup is the only reason I'm getting laid" --Ralph. Loving those happy customer testimonials!!
Hiding out from the rain...
and a dog in a shelter died while they spent time cloning their deceased dog.
RT : #Cardealers how do you protect your assets?? We supply both industry leading solutions &
Sammi ur broken up.. You "dont" want to be with him.. Why are you crying? Sigh
You're welcome! Good luck on finals! RT : Thanks for the snacks, :)
#GETACMTOPHILLY. I THINK THE OTHERS ARE BLOCKED.
Is anyone surprised about The Artist winning? They themed all of the presentation clips around it.
It's been a while since I've looked at you guys...I'll take a look and DM you if you follow me. I can be a resource to you.
What are the things you do to maintain the tune of your piano?
you're such an inspiration & you can hear the emotion in #skyscraper I love it! <3
Holy foaming rabies mouth, Listerine Total Care.
I love so much, there is nothing that we can't get through <3
I love that movie.
oishi! Cool, will make a point to watch it this weekend.
should come back up here u would see that everyday
MY HEAD IS BANGIN
Terrific website refresh from NFL.com, at least aesthetically.
Cruel joke it JUST happened for the 2nd time today! This is some serious hazing
curious that insurance company is billing doctor I selected from their list of providers as out of network.
No problem at all hun. ^^
Fantasy Baseball draft is over. Let the 2012 MLB Baseball season begin!!
and fluffy! Doesn't Scotland have an indigenous forest cat too? Thought I saw one on a bottle of Clynelish...
Do I attach a cover letter or write it in the body of my email?
Just interviewed Muhammad Ali's daughter, Rasheda Ali. What a beautiful lady!!!
I think we need to honor this important holiday. M. RT : HAPPY NATIONAL PANCAKE DAY!!!
Woo picking up trash to REDD UP THE STRIP. People are going to think I am part of a chain gang.
Thank you sweetie
Tis the season of giving, what is your favorite cause or charity to give back to around the holidays?
We are going 2 play the powerful International Basketball Team Beijing Olympians on Tuesday at Grant High School http;//HollywoodJammers.Com
good morn 2 u!!! <3 princess d
nope. Pay wall. I can email. (thought I did...)
You know "Oldtime football won.." guy is gonna call back because he hasn't been heard and that's what its about, not him listenin
Our new run starts Saturday night 9:30 !!! free glass of wine or beer with your ticket during Feb! See you there you drunk!
AH followed you!!
Just saw some guy give his mom flowers with the utmost excitement...too cute.
Ok I will send over! Yeah I gotcha, that's all it is, is a biz degree. Not performance.
RT bringing SO Experience to the Nike Campus on Sept. 26 for aspiring SO Athletes and their families pls. RT -ev
Lol! Awesome! And I wish I could!!! :)
Thank you for the invite. I find it kind of interesting. More cool than Facebook, but not quite as useful.
I'm home but I'm saving myself for Friday!!!
It's Cold In This Housee .
#AFT in 6.75 hours. Who is going to be there with us tonight?
Omg......I forgot my atm crd at hme....I'm at wrk...aghhhh!!!...hw am I going to survive?
I do things for a reason. Not to act cool or impress people.
At dinner with and we overhear someone talking about buying a house 3 tables away. Thanks #maps #kwri for the RAZ!
Thai abdominal work invigorates organs, reduces stagnation, harmonizes flow of energy, balances menstrual cycles & relieves low back pain.
can't sleep.
I'm at #Stanford for day two of the Innovation Journalism conference.
Sounds like an amazing weekend!
lake town
no balls, when !? I'm literally 4 hours from Vegas when I'm home
you sure do cough a lot haha
were just good.
what's the difference between being a friend and following them?
There's this program that you get to help people out. We're training down town in a 5 star hotel. Oh how i love perks! lol!!!!!
Start Bar. Atlanta. Tonight Be there. My favorite flavor of juice is performing. The Pomegranates. Suckas.
So yesterday I treated two of my best friends to Dominos. :) It felt good to actually be able to treat them rather then them treat me. <3
Why do I fall asleep during every single movie no matter how hard a try
Back to the casino!
Thanks bringing yummyness to 's exclusive media reception! Thanks again
Does anyone find Winehouse's death odd?
Nick too mad about that stuff lol
When someone you hate blows up your phone
man, you are lucky they don't tar and feather people anymore....
RT : Make your mouth a means of grace today. Ephesians 4:29
Back up in the gym lets get it
done ur turn!
Them saucy niggas.
you pat the dog. you screw in the lightbulb. and then you just go crazy:)
Learning is the beginning of wealth. Learning is the beginning of health. Searching & learning is where the miracle process begins. Jim Rohn
Great stories, aren't they?! Greenhow is one of my favorites.
ready 4 these nba playoffs
Reflection: filmmaking process an interesting phenomenon...u create a story, hopefully raise $, hire actors & crew and hope they all deliver
Bunbury can't hold it up, or win a header like CJ
your so mean to me -_-
Ditto! RT : Great seeing all my friends at
I am getting an alarming amount Viagra spam lately. What I need are sleeping pills, spammers of the world. SLEEP.
3rd place. We play the first place team tonight, which we've beat once this season. And always heated game.
I think the Lakers in in 7
wat do I do dani
Yep I was looking for a reversal, got disappointed
Huge congrats to client Diane Wyshogrod. Family First magazine [Mishpacha] lands today with 8 pages on her "remarkable" memoir. 1/2
Not sure if Roseanne is a worthy successor to Betty White in the Snickers commercial, but loved it anyway!
Excited to be at #FemTechNet with an awesome group of feminist theorists/makers
Can you do me a favor ; take a Look at this& give Me feedback? it Would be helpful, thankyou. # www.prepaidlegal.com/hub/bonds95
On agenda this morning: #JuryDuty. I have a feeling I'm going to get picked. Also, it's early.
It's a hair product: a moisturizing spray. "Coming to America" with Eddie Murphy is the movie.
things are changing in academic publishing. We're working tirelessly to allow anyone to manage and publish their own journals
downtime is important even when you love what u do. too much is too much- to be the master of the obvious ;)
RT #iWannaGiveAShoutoutTo the whole crew that came out today - nice work! Where were you at ??
woohoo! good news:)
Ejaculation and orgasm usually occur simultaneously in men even though ejaculation and orgasm are two separate phenomenona.
#replacebiebersongswithcupcake All I Want for Christmas Is Cupcake
I discovered I scream the same way whether I'm about to be devoured by a great white shark or if a piece of seaweed touches my foot.
Great weekend
Nothing stops them! :)
Lucky for me I live in a subdivision planning on banning the chickens the Town Council doesn't have the guts to get rid of.
YouTube? oh, to make videos of acting?
Love this quote. RT To travel is to take a journey into yourself. ~ Danny Kaye
Dr. Oz's Tip of the Day: Use spices to boost your metabolism. Add mustard or cayenne pepper to a meal to help you burn up to 50 calories.
conveniently they put a crazy hot mom on there so nursing looks cool...which it is...haven't read the article yet though
awww i feel good!! thanks i thought you might didn't follow, i'm the same, at last a fellow TVD& writer on twitter
So true! RT : You know you travel too much when your friends stop asking "how are you?" and instead ask "where are you?"
Leah says,"Let me get you drunk". Happy Hour all day!
You wish you were me right now. Amazing seats :)
Spent the afternoon dumping my perfectly-good collection of sweater vests.
There's been a whole lotta pots calling kettles black this week. It could be hypocritical. It could be racist. To this I have no response.
Bike ride was great! Gotta go to bed soon
Fucking grossed out. Im not sleeping in here tonight.
what are you up to
Do you know your characters? If you don't, we can't.
Ahaha! What tweet did you read?! :]
I'm kind of partial to your 997th tweet, myself. :) Thanks.
All you need is a chip and a chair...and a real good goalie. I'm thinking that Quick could lead the Kings to Lord Stanley.
My friend who I huffed Dustoff™ once with in middleschool learned how to do it from another kid at a school for child prodigies
I think you spelled horror wrong? :-/ haha :)
Psalm 27:14 "Trust in the Lord. Have faith, do not despair. Trust in the Lord."
- you are roommates. quit publicly tweeting back and forth to each other! :) Love you both. See you next week!
You amaze! Love it! And thanks for the reasons to recall Kleefisch. Ready for my next front door question.
it is very nice. The Aria hotel is one of the best I have ever stayed in.
I'm gone marry that nigguh.
Light rain, #Maroon5, a rainbow, fall leaves, guys carrying six packs of beer, the smell of cut grass and a wood burning fire.
Well that's bs..
Our CEOs/business owners grew +5.8% while average, similar D&B company declined by -9.2% (2005-2009). Learn how.
I'm staying #stressfree. No point of stressing over things you can't control.
I got 4g only in norfolk and in new york .. WHAT THE FUCK
Thank you !! shout out!
Merry Christmas hope y'all had a good one I did lol 😍❤
Great first meeting with looking forward to featuring you on our show!
birthday invites are the most prolific pieces of literature of our generation.
140 characters. Seriously? I've got luggage tags that are longer than that? Does that mean I have to write without vowels? Grt.
I see people picking up their dog's shit, man is definitely dogs best friend
!! Yes!! Please let it be so.
“: City Barbeque for dinner! #yum” AMAZING FOOD
oh no! What happened??
#timhortons ? I'm so jealous!!
Finally, I have a hot gynecologist! They really do exist!
Awesome two a day workout courtesy of Hit Fitness Warehouse. I'm an athlete at heart
Question of the night fr NE Patriots fan 2 me, #sb46 vol: Why WHY isn't your Governor running 4 President?!? (Agree! We need )
Yup, isn't that crazy?? What ever happened to one callback? LOL...Felt pretty incredible after to say the least! :)~
Waiting by my friend's classroom like a creep trying to get her out of class
The love for shoes is like the love for life because to walk the roads of life you have to wear shoes, make choices and take chances
first day of twitter,amazing!!!
oh right, I do have a blog, don't I...
Why aren't the lights on!? You should be lit up all weekend for all the visitors to Cleveland! Let's make Cleveland shine!
room 2254 of the conference building is nice and quiet. I'm currently in here writing until the banquet.
I LOVE YOU❤🆔
Can you please follow us :)
That bottle reeks of regret
in a tipi . . Burning Man?
W/O commercials, it's only 2 1/2 hours so we have to play extras to get to the top of the hour so it can start all over again
Well I'll agree with that,but when he's a conceded jerk it ruins the cuteness a.k.a #TomBrady :P
lmao with who?
I'm getting sleepy
I saw your concert... I saw your dad... I watch all your ustreams and I know what you've been through #NoHate love you.... -MB
Still working on it. Hopefully a lot more in the next couple months. Been focused on other things lately...
follow me back
that truck is sweet, mine just turned 250,000 hahaha. I like how the whole rear window goes down on yours.
i havent gone to bed before 12am this entire week but during spring break last week i couldnt even stay up till 10pm b4 passing out.xD 12:12
glad my heart, my body heat down her now I play more beautiful.
Get in!
I know this is gonna sound slightly racist....but I don't like the way that white people kiss. Sorry
Good question. Might need to hire someone. Interested? I'll even pay you in quarters if you are :)
More than welcome PJ..
Aww I miss you :)
Bebo... Will always be the gayest thing I ever heard
back home a full day and still tired as hell.
SO disgusting to' Boo at the Pres's wife, And the Vice Presi' Wife. Michelle's Face tells it all. She was Hurt!
are you guys affiliated with Seele at all?
What happened to the payment extension you could request online at my account overview? Is it available
and Ron looks more bad ass in that picture
Love being able to get refills under $1 at Also great customer service!
We win our College Football Game of the Year yesterday, but a poor showing in college hoops for the day. Get on board for Sunday's Card!
"The High Road" is now available on Itunes, Napster, Amazon MP3, Last.fm, Verizon, Zune, and iHeart Radio and more to come.
I will just have to deal and be happy it's back.
Come down to Ashley's @ 1501 W. Center Street, or call us at 414-372-7666 for Delivery Anywhere in Milwaukee Co.
Hey everyone ! Sorry that I haven't been on !! I got grounded . Fail , right ?
I guess I should still display proper "Twitter Etiquette" and thank you for the mention ;)
I dare you No I double dog dare you NO! I TRIPLE DOG DARE YA! Dammit!! A triple dog dare is no joke once said you have to do it
So excited to go to Lake Powell. In need of a vacation
I'm pregnant with so many ideas that all I think about is abortion. I've seen so many of my ideas stillborn that all I think of is abortion.
- nice to meet you too!
just Kim has joined INFP so far!
Well big agency life it's been a hell of a ride but It's time to move on.
yes hey do! Cool you will get them going
This place is ridiculous! But $2 shots of Jameson were beginning to persuade me otherwise...
Where can I find a Chuck Brown costume? Best musician of all time.
Have search engines killed the squeeze page?
C'mon warriors. If you can't win games, at least be good at losing them so we can get a first round pick.
Clerk at handled my credit card like it was a #meishi - wondering if that is intentional?
Crazy Crazy :-P
": Logan has a big nose too..." u mean a sexy big nose haha LOL :-)
Got the #NewBing it's awesome!! Now just ready to win the #lumia 900 from
no thanks.
let's change that! How have you been buddy? :D
Thanks for the RTs
I'm glad I got your approval. I was so fucked up someone asked to take me out to a movie at a house party
Man i wanna move and be done with college....so far i've learned things i already knew!
"yami Vazquez, yes that's the girl" Omg
Doing very well! How are you doing?
Wichita State, Western Kentucky & West Virginia. 3 W's not one Win.
I've been to Davanti three times and stellar each time. Bencotto is hit or miss for me. Love Underbelly!
ha he's awesome! It's just funny. Saw some roses, Instantly popped in my head. Lol
My last nerve has been worked!
youre a mammoth
Happy Mothers Day :* Love u!!! <3
i sprain my ankle today in gym and i started crying then the school made go home and rest then i come back in an hour and had a MAP testing
Great game w/ a great ending. Hope u enjoyed ur first bowl game! :) Go Stanford!! RT : Hanging out with ! :D
in need of some trippy, psychedelically inspired acid tab beats
I miss texting </33
I'm not...just came across this randomly! It's a rare thing to find an in-depth write-up about card sorting
Need a mini vacation. NO cell phone, no work emails, no resposibilities + beach mandatory. Please and Thank you.
#truetuesdays prompt no. 3: making critical decisions posted: marylandvoices.com/?p=36
6 Quick Tips to Search Twitter Like an Expert
thanks for the retweets! Appreciate it
you better
get any cute stuff? And yeah I was sick but I will deff be in school tomorrow
hey watcha up to i missed tweeting you feels like forever lol
RT : #tedxpt has a 2nd talk on TED page. Frans de Waal"s talk went LIVE yesterday. Already at over 100K views!
It's for a school religion project
im a smart cookie
in next week's ep of :D
Guys, I just read a B/R article that wasn't a slide show. I don't know what to do.
Wondering when to have a meeting about the upcoming school auction... would next Thursday work? We need donations to start coming in soon!
With bases full, 2 out in 6th and Lohse on the ropes, RR left Estrada in to bat. He Kd to end inning. Hes given up 2 in Cards 6th.
“: Thanks. Also, ewww RT : your music has been the only thing i've allowed to enter my ear holes lately” hahah funny
There was a sighting....
CAN NOT WAIT for SPRING BREAK!!!! Teen Bunny Bash at Club 212!!!!!
definitely will…she's a bigger star than Paula (WHO I LOVE) and Nicole combined times 47
Landed in LA - excited to hang out with Jess and Alli and eat some yummy Korean tacos!
i just threw up, because it is so damn hot in Nevada
you JUST tweeted me, but didn't follow :/ can I get a follow?(;
Yup! Just found out (Lana Kane!) and husband homebrew! But not as much as she used to.
we got all the bitches you niggas need to come occupy the ladies!!!
I really dont like this at all.
The best thing is how much my dogs love to work, we have so much fun together.-Steve W., Bellefonte, PA
I'm kind of in love with the weather.
At a biz conference so #FF short this week...
Prefinished Brazilian Teak 3/4" x 5" in-stock ready to upgrade your home or office.
Will not play the 7pm since I am still alive in the 4pm $340
: Let’s create JOBS & revenue via online #poker licensing! Please back adding this to the transportation bill. Thanks!
"If you understand freedom, it comes from tolerance and nonviolence." - Ron Paul
Let's see with and me :) Check out our pix :)
Our bikram class this morning REALLY helped with Lana's stiff neck and my sore biceps!
Umm so would Kerry Wood, Mark Prior and Edison Volquez. Dusty fried all their arms
An arbitrator wants Ron Frashour reinstated at the PPB. We'll have the details and reaction at 10&11.
He need to call he starting to worry me.
I've yet to find a job where they just give you money and prizes for showing up but I can dream
What did everyone do this past weekend ?
In the best mood ever right about now...I want to shit out rainbows and puke out confetti
Trying for the first time...
Florida on Tuesday 🌴☀ & back to New York June 1st to visit some stud 😍 lots & lots to look forward to.
2 hours of sleep, and in class at 8 am.. i need coffee
Paula Deen to reveal that she has Type II Diabetes..........anyone surprised?
Wrong message, Lads. To be the best in the best country in the world, it doesn't matter from where the comp comes.
It was so great to work with you for the month of March! Congrats on such an amazing job in the community!
I'm so mad -__-
"still covered in her yoke the wet drug of my addiction" otep is awesome!!
Andrew McCutchen the other? Kemp? Granderson?
Had a breakthrough on formulating responses to POSTs in my REST API using ZF and Doctrine 2. Complete hands-off automation #ftw!
Man my stomach is hurting so bad right now I don't want to go to school today ugh fuck school
Amazingly interesting podcast did by featuring the real Rick Ross, , not the Studio Rick Ross who jacked his name.
Interviewing Chris Squire tomorrow!!!
And what's with the t-shirt under the golf shirt look? Makes no sense.
I'm starting a Julyan Stone chant, whose in?
send fotos to me))
Mind body unity
massage starts next week! I should be done in a month- crossing fingers!
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable...like a coma.
Thanks for following us as well!
Trying to make something happen tonight
In response, we immediately scheduled additional courses
Can you hear those footsteps behind you? That’s not me running behind you, that’s karma catching up to you
Check yes or no is probably the cutest song in the world
I should be your 2000th follow...ya know since we're both awesome and from Tennessee....;)
Wow, thx. That one's only for the brave. MT I got a dozen people to fall for "Variations on Grief." Love. Re-read it often.
Tonight at 6:30p we're hosting the "Leveraging Location Based Services in your Biz" preso by
Happy Thanksgiving, everyone! We'll reopen at 10am on Friday, with double Yamaha rebates, financing offers, and more. See you then!
thanks for coming ! It was great to see you! =)
is that a new movement you're trying to start? :)
I'm pretty sure it'd be a good idea if the Cubs ate all/most of the $, & the sox didn't give up any prospect of note...
Me…? lie…? I would never.
no way! I was there with got there around 8pm.
Does this mean I can show my sleeve of tattoos now? Woo hoo! Kissing my sweaters goodbye.
RT : Follow These Great People:
Leaving 2mro for tiny island off coast of Maine w/barely any cell reception...oh yes + a hurricane called Irene will be there too. Yay!
ON MY JOURNEY HOME. Now available. End of life care thru the eyes of your loved one on a end of life event.
Lil Niqo television love 106 n park go check that out now
Lying is pretty pathetic, people need to grow a pair and just be honest.
Hahaha! I really don't give af!! going w/ what makes me happy!! :D
We also have $18 tickets to Saturday's Indy Ice game- get up close and FEEL the action. 275-4040 for tickets.
So weird getting 2 week old tweets. Apparently some are stuck in the Twittasphere just bouncing around?
Granny told me last night she turned off the pens game to watch the lionel richie and friends special
Got My Nigga Dan-One FBA On These Mixtapes... It's Over For The Suckas Right Now
you'll have some freedom.
props to for her handling of 's personal attack against Cable news can be shallow but this was a legitimate Q.
You can't hangout with her because she has a vagina
Heading over to speak w/ at #LegCon12 press conference, calling on Congress to prevent student loan rates from doubling in July!
The Way of Most Flesh
Greek lemon soup is ready!!
Hahaha nice catch!
What's your life about, enlighten me! Is you gon' live on your knees or die on your feet?!
My 10 yr old daughter and I started our day at 2 a.m. e.d.t. Nothing like jet lag....
Living healthy iz not about livin longer its about livin a better quality of life while you are alive. I mean feelin and lookin good longer^
hey what's up Shane are you in ft Lauderdale now
that is a lovely springtime drive! Glad you had fun!
Structural separation of trucking from freeways works pretty well. Same might work in broadband.
Repubs use the debt as an excuse to cut social programs, why else has every modern R POTUS massively increased it?
Not here in Milwaukee Fabulous Friday for Maintenance!
...? you guys still there?
Hey! Let's do it soon!
I cant sleep, and having a King size bed is not help tonight !!.
good luck!! Miss you!
I've always wanted a german shepard
nope. George michael
where are we gonna so the video
I'd like to call it a Spring Swing but it's more like a roller coaster!
Trying to get home for #Heat - #Knicks but the CTA is not cooperating.
Wow. You really are busy. Your twitter turnaround time is awful.
How do u make several photos into one on instagram??
enjoying the sun during my break
Allergies have invaded my body!
Are there are any debugger tools that show the actual value passed in the events variable?
Dora also needs to be taught about "indoor" voices.
banner is used to making $$$, the new industry has got him confused. I hold some mixtapes atta higher value than some albums.
Just 'cuz I rock, don't mean I'm made of stone. - theVoiceofRoy
Do people in the UK actually buy that stuff?
thanks for the Internet 2011 report link
Not lookn forward to that traffic coming back downtown....
CEO Chris Artinian will appear on today at 11:30am PST to discuss all things Morton's.
Depressed Hawaiians/Displaced Haitians. Tomato/tomato.
Wonder what 2 celebs will be at Fetish Houston Thursday? Hm come to find out :)
ha just thought I'd show a little live real quick lol☺
Did you get a chance to schedule How to Draw! yet?
Are you a Tut Nut? Tell us your Tut story!
try in the shell dry roasted peanuts and suck the salt off of the shells. That salt will kill anything you got.
Loving the icon <3 :)
Life is lovely. We are blessed. How are you?
#healthcareworks because 62,846 young adults in Virginia have gained insurance through their parents health insurance since the #ACA passed
Gonna change. Then go outside and run..then shower. Then do homework. Then eat. then tweet. Then sleep! <3
just curious, how much weight did Braun's pending status carry in your Brewers ranking?
Roads blocked, police, ambulances, trees down, and sailboats flipped near Tin Fish at #lakecalhoun in #minneapolis 30 minutes ago.
That's where we differ. #rapture4sho Shocker. RT : Many of Camping's employees... don't believe the Rapture hype
(: great minds think a like!
my life is a little less awesome without you in it my dahling.
Getting a massage today :) its my first
oh how cute
how can I get invite for Coronado event?
The opposite of talking isn't listening. The opposite of talking is waiting. —Fran Leibowitz
I ment putting in some work Haha
What did the 49ers trade away to move up in the 4th?
Sabre spotted at hollywood party.. Buzz lightyear, the joker & ke$ha sporting the nevermind ltds.
Knowing the Drupal community, I just don't see that happening. But I do think it will open up some new opportunities...
RT : And hits a walk off single. Deep to center and scores. win 5-4 in 10 innings
i doubt you'll see this but please follow me. 143 :) 3
Don't let em' say you ain't beautiful. 😊
So excited for the Nats home opener tomorrow. I feel like I have a real baseball team--one that has hitters! And good pitching!
omg I haven't even heard of it!
I've been following! You're tardy for the party Nickiiii!!! hahah Love you! Now follow back. *kisses
your E THS was moving, wish the best for you and Bill. You are truely an inspiring person!
who do you want to win?
is in the boogie down bronx at Mommas Hip hop Kitchen almost showtime!
Why is he out of bed????
Just landed in Denver for my layover to LA and there is SNOW!! Do you think I have time to go play?
With tannin
Set up by Curry's three that should have been a travel!
Done early. Will pay for it tomorrow as class starts at 730. Also, that's when I find out if I lived or died in the plane crash.
I really don't want to get out of bed.. 😳
I Love You Childish ♥ #
Today turned out to be quite traumatic really...I think I deserve some almond milk ice cream
:) so would love too! Tell me more!
Good luck to Bucknell in the NIT tournament tonight! Go Bison!
Man those Doritos tacos are great!
If I'm a Cylon, you're really screwed.
And who says nothing good every comes out of a committee? Hooray for today!
April is tossing rainbows! iConference magic!
Thank you! :)
If I really wanted to talk to you, then I would....
I can't wait till May 19 when Champions League invades regular white people FOX.
Me? Jealous? I don't have time for that childish shit. I just keep moving on...EVERYONE'S replaceable!
I love you so much macenzie I am going to get you a present :)
At this rate, I'd say it's getting almost inevitable.
Should probably ice my ankle.......
Thanks 4 the note! Gr8t company!
damn straight! ha ill be releasing it soon. ill let you know :) what kind of music do you like?
Follow Me & Then ill Follow Bck :)
Siri began as DARPA proj. to reduce command centers from 10k staff to 1. Still not sure I trust it to launch my lunch plan.
just watched First Sunday again....hilarious!
The are a lot of companies that a bad mojo. Be wary of them.
Mowing the lawn!
Swisher!!! A 2-run double!!! There we go!!!
An experiment is a mistake in search of the truth. /cc
BECAUSE EVERYBODY KNOWS IM THE MEANEST PERSON ALIVE LOL
RT : Have I mentioned how awesome the #GraphicNovel stuff is going to be at #ala12 annual?
Can't wait for Spring Breakers! AHH
Aww... so cute.
I used to love that show but now I like never have time to watch it.
Weather looks beauty for tomorrow! Definitely sailing! Hope to see a few of you at the rail :)
Lawd... This is a nail biter!
I wasn't tweeting about my emotions. Lol. Those were song lyrics
what you and your bro getting up to? any gigs?
What Peyton does with Broncos squad will show how valuable Tebow was to team. Lots of pressure...anything less than SB champs total failure.
“: Your motto is You Only Live Once? Thanks for identifying yourself as a whore.”
And his earnings per day are four times mine—and all these numbers are growing quickly
Wow, #SteelerNation is showin' lots of love for #24Infinity -
I love how screams ♥
It feels so much earlier.
My Quote of the Day - "Be the change that you wish to see in the world.", Mohandas Gandhi
Many thanks and much respect for that support! A great honor to see you following our tweets.
He was probably talking about people talking about his Direct TV commercial.
I want some chinese food
Yves Klein exhibition app! Hirshhorn -> Walker
.. #basketballwives might be on "sleepy 'nino' brown" status now.. #yawn #cancelldatbich!
You can officially start drinking now. Being Cinco De Mayo and all.
Noted - thanks for the suggestion, Chris!
To attempt to live beyond what we know is dangerous. Not to live up to what we know is equally perilous. -Manly P Hall
Follow and for the latest on AL attempts to ram #HB56 "tweak" bill thru legislature
Sleep anxiety. 😒😔😣😲 god, grant me the FREAKIN serenity already?! 😱
Damn do you ever work? LMAO
Listening to Disney songs in German because, well, DISNEY SONGS IN GERMAN. Damn.
If you do a little each day it will amount to a lot before you know it.
Any #librarians out there using Roving Reference in their #library ? How does it work? Is it successful?
Getting in an arguement with a woman is like being arrested. Anything you say can and will be used against you.
please follow me<3
#DontBeMadAtMeBecause ya breathe smell lik u been suckn on shit tarts all week..eeww u got medical..use it!
but when one wants to have sex, women have it so much easier. :-(
I'm pretty sure that's called 4play. RT I just saw a woman breast feeding herself.
Had a blast goin out last night. Now I'm on call chillin. Please don't call me in cb!!!
lol I just saw it
“: If you don't hate your industry once in a while, you're not thinking about it enough.”
Something is on fire at Hood and Millitary. South of Donald Ross.
I'm a picture-taker. I'm lucky that most of my sources are typed, white page docs, which means pretty accurate OCR. V. useful.
Justin once said, "A girl could be sitting on her computer right now, trying to get noticed not knowing she is the future Mrs.Bieber" ....me
Getting close to being that time...
#ThingsThatYouShouldKnow Police install GPS Trackers on criminals. How does this affect you? They are being monitored 24-7 for your safety.
I'm on it!
so please, report back on the party. Was there indeed VSA?
SNL is the most painful show to watch. People actually find this funny?
About to watch inception. Hope it lives up to the hype
RT : Perfect day to rock tonight! Bringing weapons of mass distraction! #War!!! See u tonight Miami!
ah that's disturbing
Bought my tix today to see The MUMMIES (yeah!) at Budget Rock 8
Thanks! We love our furry little friends!
“: Coker granted release from #Iowa #Hawkeyes” fudge. Room for a big time recruit though! Immediate PT available.
"One is not born into the world to do everything but to do something" Henry David Thoreau
Automatic Doors Make me feel like a JEDI!!
Come check out Scarlot and the Harlots tonight w Dave Hammer's Power Supply and Antelur. Stone Tavern in Kent, OH.
how come when I check in to the exact same thing as on of my friends, I don't get the same sticker (specific KY Derby)
good game tonight, keep up the good work!!!!!
Just installed the new Seesmic, I like tweetdeck but it likes to eat memory (just closed it after it hit 560mb ram used...which is crazy)
the entire
How much I love every thing that is decided and open!
Pickup Line: How about you sit on my lap and we'll see what pops up?
Do it. RT : Listening to Drizzy Drake... thinking of coming out with a Hip Hop album all about business :)
I think it has a very good chance!
is playing bass in his third band today (of four?!) holding down the low end with Lara Johnston. What a man.
Trying to write a sales letter for my first product - a report on writing. If I'm so good, why is this so hard (grin!)
Cool...thanks!!!
I can tell I'm really gonna look forward to reading (& disagreeing w/a lot of) ur tweets. But what's up w/the shirtless pic yo?
Okay, I'm done tweeting sweet yumminess! My apologies! G'night everyone! 💤💤💤
If i get this car tomorro ima be swangin and bangin through the hood
Becoming God's Super Women. Romans 12:1,2. Sis. Hope Moore
Doesn't load on my phone. :P
cause it plain ^^
I just received my last round of prototypes and they look awesome! I am so close to getting the final models to the retailers
The Medieval Faire in Norman this weekend! Love their disclaimer: "Firearms not permitted. Blades must be kept sheathed and peace-tied."
#FF my new twitter page ima be usin that one from now on...
Has anyone else been on spring break this week?
At the movies 2 see "Think Like a Man" w/some1 I'm seeing....shld be interesting, since I'm not w/my girls. LOL
I love him unconditionally <3 ...
S/o my brova and all the Benning Park niggaz we did the muvafukka!!
can u please tweet it to Me!!!
Oscar worthy RT : And the award for best actor goes to ... the punter from Wisconsin. Badgers are Big Ten champs
Are you still needing group members for the #48hrl? I would love to be on your team!
What do you think of Portland gettin u a young PG in the draft? Maybe Kendall Marshall? Maybe a center such as Tyler Zeller?
yea I wasn't approve for my best buy card but in about a month
everything's gonna be alright
totally get that. Just trying to help the surprise in your voice that the positions were similar.
Don't forget to use #free directories for increased rankings. Google still gives value to legitimate directory placement and many are free.
Madison Pharmacy Associates > A woman’s hormone profile is as unique as her fingerprint.
I heard 4-9pm on the Biden motorcade. Can you confirm?
Bwahaha! "How long are you gonna ignore me?" "Until the shame cloud clears." Love
Life Keeps Telling Me I Need To Go, But What If I Wanna Stay???
i know i went to bag n save at walmart then hyvee!! A.L.Y.S.S.A.<.3
Gettn da kids dis weekend #Excited my daughters bring me alot of joy there da reason i keep going #FMG DADDY/DAUGHTER WEEKEND
Good morning kids !!! I woke up all exciting I'm going to play to a prom at my school then at #downtown #LA this is life !!!!
popov is vodka, thought the large plastic bottle u were carrying around the other night was popov, pretty soft that it wasn't
Because of what you have just shared?
Men are cruel, but Man is kind. ~ Rabindranath Tagore
That's awesome.
It's going to be a great week. Let's make it happen.
cool im in the middle of a different one incase that beat wasnt your style
Thx Victoria! go to raelynns! It's by the movies as the mall behind kohl's it's a really good store! Lots of sparkle!
Temperatures already in the 50's! A much anticipated relief when you wake up tomorrow
but he prefers me (:
lol you're not forever alone!
horrible name, horrible band, horrible everything
Tosh.O greatest show ever
Alice just got a unicorn webkin. Named it Acorn. Weird!
The biggest advantage of all is that on a mobile phone your ad is going to be the only one they see.
SE Cooper in Parkville. REACTOR, Alistair and I use her, as well as several other folks in the industry.
ur welcome ketchup
you guys made Giant fans proud this year.
Just finished our WCW morning meeting. Now for some hard work.
Heading home real tipsy and no im not driving gotta get up early and run a few laps to see if my leg is getting better !
Everybody have a safe day. Its hot outside. That means the city turns in CHIRAQ.
Anyone else super glad there's finally going to be a new bachelorette in the mix instead of the used up characters?
Sometimes I'm afraid to get attach to someone because then I feel like they get tired of me.
that's real & the 'other' is real 2. Not sppting the viol angst women act. What's happening in Texas! Health svcs 4 poor wm
Glad she's okay! :) My Jack Russells' send their love! Now you can breath a bit better!
i never tweet on sundays
get up to 88 mph and fly. Unless you don't have a flux capacitor.
OMG really what did u guys talk about
Songs for the split will be done soon. Who's excited?
Worst is when they show hella good food and all you can eat is a sandwich lol RT torturing yourself by watching food network when
I really want to visit Chicago soon. I miss it.
hey good lookin, gotta get my tweet game up!
Oh god, I think Eric's here. No. You're creepy and oooolllddd
Cool! (re: Cornell's heron nest in person) My kid was visiting last weekend, too--entering Cornell this fall.
You've got mail...
Its one of those , days when I just wanna talk to a few people ..
It's Nat’l #Lovers Day! Pamper your love with a massage at #BlueMarble or a cocktail at our beautiful #SWIMLounge w/ views of #MissionBay!
MT : Q2: Some of the proposed leg from #Congress could take us backward. We must cont. advocating for
Getting 2 dogs from NM next week from a high kill shelter. Hoping to find both GREAT homes...trying to do my little bit for the homeless...
All workers should have the ability to negotiate with their employer about salary and benefits.
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
RT please"! Follow me! I inspire, I'm kind, I,m genuine, I follow back,
Washington liquor ballot measure passes tonight. When does the giant warehouse open in Vancouver?
corny ass ppl fuckin up cinco de mayo. celebrar with tejanos that do it right tonight (i.e., mi y ) wepa.
same bra i was checkin out the game..
See you there!!!
I watch my daughter swim laps and remember when she was a toddler afraid to jump into the pool. "Don't move, Mommy." I love being her mom.
as long as i get paid lol
You're very welcome. If I come across any others, I'll be sure to DM you in the future!
Had a great time yesterday at my #BudweiserHP - thanks !
It's not too early to get your system inspected for Fall's cool weather!
hit me on voxer
- Thanks for featuring #YoungeHollywoodBlast in the "Backstage40 Digest" yesterday!
Will be very cool preso from Tim from Manifesto / Proxy tonight! Hope to see you there!
Do these kids ever learn?
U go mommie :) rt": Just finished my 3 mile run. Hopefully I get in another 3 after dance and basketball. #fitmommies"
You can only decide how you're going to live
Watch out! I'm kind of a big deal!
Audition This Sunday! April 1 for Moveius's July Steampunk ballet 1pm at DancePlace annex
Miami is going to win a championship
I'm up already. Got a long ass day ahead of me.
Once I have More than 4,000 followers, I am gonna have a surprise c:
Not digging the #emmys, if you're going to go cheezy satirical, at least give us Gervais!
where there is a will there is a way i can't be stopped when i am focused a task
you are horrible at touch hockey #11-1? #really?
timeline? like? nah...but better be ahead of the curb.-alexis
Posted a new song yesterday so check it out! Off to do some crossfit! LIFT OR DIE!!!!
So I've watched captain america at least 3 times I'm workin on 4 right now
tanks girl ;) hah!
Good morning to my beautiful followers!
., who's headed to Madison? RT: Welcome back, Badgers! Which alumni traveled the farthest for
Ugh! 😪 I hope I get better tomorrow because I'm hopefully going around Austin with my sis because she doesn't have work tomorrow night 🎉
Just saw BEAST WISHES - The Fantastic World Of Bob And Kathy Burns. It IS fantastic! Congrats Amazing!
Find a guy that will ruin your lipstick, not your mascara.
This is not OK - we need to change this Indiana RT : #Denver, here I come! #Indiana is not a place to advance
Spider 3 Y Banana...
And to you and everyone else, too:
You were great! :)
That explains so many things...
RT : what if i tweeted my address and ruined gold soundz
Thanks for helping answer one of life's persistent questions!
RT : Webinar starting in 10 mins! Join us as we discuss the latest global macro, commodity & equities trends....
what does that mean?!
couldn't you build a jetpack in around 56 minutes or so instead?
WOW. I just checked Wikipedia, and it says 19k total students go to the school. However, another 60k take classes online.
Hey NYU undergrads, you can now view your #Phase3 - Room Selection time slot on your 2012-2013 housing application.
Almost every day in one way or another.
Make sure you take a look at #4/20 capsule this Friday homie!
It's sad that some of you need to berate others to feel better about yourselves. Idiots.
I don't like drama I stay out of it, people don't need to know my business
12 miles in weather that was not as warm as advertised. #runstreak day 114
hello :D rt this if you like lady gaga :D
If you want to add to your BBM come to tonight
most def....and do the same www.reverbnation.com/jewallep
We started adding Mother's Day dining specials for the procrastinators out there. Look for more suggestions tomorrow!
He's a good guest!
im eating an acai bowel and I just fell in love
Dam it's hot af!!! Ughh
Anyone still up ??
hey :) thanks for the follow
that would totally happen haha omg itll be a joke
Bored out my mind, Lonely AF,
Turn your acting into something to watch. Recognize the moments, they are the lifeblood of drama.
are you playing basketball dis year?
That would be great. Are you available Wednesday at 10am PDT? And can you follow me and then message me your contact info?
taking pictures or our awesome country.
There are many evils in this world, but few are as frightening as the Solo 'Stache. Trust not a mustache with no accompanying facial fair.
thanks, , for adding to my book hoard! 'Revolutionary Road' is now on my post-grad school reading list
Watching Selena again. Its so annoying because my sister looks like Chris(selena's husband) lol.
Going skiing with big sis today. She has been up dozens of times this year but I still plan to beat her down the hill. Shhhh.
this was so adorable!
Dwight says" question can their pizza play DVDs Jim? "
eat naturally grown & raised food, improve your health & that of your community. Eat 3/29. % sales goes to UW programs
excited for a BIG executive announcement tomorrow... watch and see!!
When I talk to him first, it's because I miss him. When I don't, it's because I'm waiting for him to miss me
I was gonna suggest its time to move out west!
G shit, did she retire? :(
You go on Teen Wolf your amazing and I love you! <3 (:
HA this is a good one for all the #iPhone people out there: shitsirisays.com
i like how he is with u now, all cute n stuff n funny, not quiet n shy n moody :P and i meant as a bro! nothing more! lol
the funny thing about "electability" is that your not really "electable" if you loose your parties primary.
Very cool to hear that former MNSpeaker was among the winners of 2012 MN Book Award. Woot.
thanks and likewise!
Yes, and a lot of good beer. Will have news re Barley's Angels for you after this.
That one song -___-
We have started our plant unit.
Bring you quality unfinished Brazilian hardwood flooring.
At 's legislative XML training today. Thanks to our host ! Tag for event today is
Spoiled baby! lol It's ok. I'd do it to.
The US OPEN Racquetball Championships held Oct. 5-9 at Life Time Fitness Target Center. Be great to get local coverage. :-)
IU is shooting 58%, let me repeat 58%!! And they are losing!
Is it sad or awesome that I am looking forward to using #googlewave for work? (co-workers: say awesome & I will send you an invite)
I could teach you but I'd have to charge....
Gearing up for the Mid-Michigan Addys tonight! See you at the at 6p!
Audition Tip: Even if you only sing 16 bars at auditions, it’s in your best interest to know the entire song.
Have a good night everyone xo
Thank you Tri-C it was a beautiful day!
RT : "How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world." -Anne Frank
“Art is not a thing, it is a way.” ~Elbert Hubbard
RT RT all presos from #gov20e will be posted to blip.tv--look for links on the gov2expo.com site OSA ppt
It's true! We're so excited!
looking good, nice profile pic, beautiful!
Allentown native Susan Snyder wins Pulitzer Prize for Philadelphia Inquirer reporting
Wonderful talks all around at The Shape of The I conference. Particularly struck by Timothy Morton, Vanessa Place, and Bhanu Kapil
I can't wait to see your new nose!
and wierdly his music is playing in my head ..and creeping me out ..like i wanna stop it ....but itz not stopping xD creepy
The food channel has wonderful tips for fun and easy meals. FOLLOW ALONG WITH ME Giada
I just got 20 boneless wings and a fry from #Wingstop for 12 bucks
Pacers won!(:
Norfolk State! Wow wow wow...down goes my national champion pick, but this is what March is all about!!
can you text me your address?
Apologies for the suggestions you need to lose weight or gain inches lately...
Really? Ronaldo and Kaka both mess up?!
Me too. RT I thought John Edwards already ruined the sanctity of marriage in North Carolina.
HARRY POTTER AH!!!
Thank you. :)
I know - pretty cool. : Now that I know they are down with Ian MacKaye I totally want to move in with them. ;)
gonna be real awkward when someone tells bobby valentine that the red sox can't draft anthony davis, even if they tank the whole season
Why must you torture me? And I have NO IDEA WHAT'S GOING ON WITH DEMI MOORE!
oops, that last tweet was for someone else...
okay sweet! oh and i still say make a video for postcards... :)
“Professionalism is knowing how to do it, when to do it, and doing it.”
Thanks for sharing about Johnny. I wish him the best, even after all the mistakes. So sad to see his talent go unused.
my little sister and cousin down stairs making breakfast
put a gun to her damn face.
Good Morning! Start your day with a FREE Small Premium Roast Coffee!
Get ready for a Friday Fun Fest its THE BACK IN THE DAY CAFE with AT NOON EDT. We're tweeting it old school via
Overwhelmed Overwhelmed Overwhelmed Overwhelmed Overwhelmed Overwhelmed Overwhelmed Overwhelmed
iPhone 4 FAIL. ugh. to the apple store i go.
all you can eat mexican food for $5.99 at picosos look us up at picososmexicanfood.com on yahoo
Oh, November sweeps! I nearly forgot about you!
You're crazy to think just half your love, could ever please me.
go follow ! hes single ;)
sounds like it. What a game to see live! I was just glad it was not Hummel's knee when I saw 'carted off the court'...
Ooh ooh I wanna be Lady Deathstrike and played by Kelly Hu!
This meeting is #boring :\
That's why I was late chief
What up, Jalen? Thanks for the follow.
Gr8 site!!! Social media is here 2 stay & is beneficial 2 kids!
All followers; please head over to follow as we are no longer monitoring this account....thanks!
can a navy sailor ask you all for a favor? Can you please retweet #gonavybeatarmy it would mean the world to us sailors
RT : "We've got to get over the notion that social media is for kids; it's for business." -Chris Huber
What are your #top10favouritebands? better be on the list! ;)
Happy National Find Out How Goddamned Nerdy Your Friends Really Are Day!
What is your favorite Web 2.0 tool or software to to engage your students? Ready! Set! Go!
thinking of transitioning this account to an exclusively "what I'm eating for lunch" affair
inbox me
Thanks for the RT!
Maybe a grassroots party plan is in order?
The Sopranos❤ 🔫
Dip to the ground as I catch the bass..
can we please get #trippy ... is with it
It is so awesome to direct college theatre students!
up early for a show... gonna be a long day ahead.... hopefully it goes well so I can see how I'll do with a week of showing....
Adam Yauch, one of the founding members of the Beastie Boys, has died at 47, according to Rolling Stone...
Last trip to SFO for awhile.
People who ask for re-tweets need to go die in a hole...
alcohol and fast food. Y tu?
Intoxicate me now with your loving now
TEXT ME BACK.
I hope I can sleep tonight...
Thanks for the RT mention!
Lost the futebol match ! :(
is unstoppable!
Who can you trust if not yourself
Adding you to the uncatalogables. Or, at least, Librarian. Cheers :)
Ok, my day is now ruined.
kurt is seeing my song. "I Have Nothing" #Whitney #GLEE (yes i realize i'm two weeks late that's the beauty of on demand)
hah, its alright(: i followed you back.
Sounds a bit like 'Flowers for Algernon'. Would be an incredible breakthrough.
cool possible song title: bonus rabbit-butt
I can't wait 'till this weekend! I hope it pours! I'm gonna sleep off my allergies!
that's sick lol if you have no one to go with next year I'll go with you haha
I see a trend here- Obama wasting money, and gimmicks.
Can You Follow w My New Page :)
Less Friends , Less Bullshit..
LoL RT : The new is great. Its like , except for people with brains.
: Thanks for all the love!
Take heart in a new day—and the day may very well return the favor by supplying you with your heart's desires
I thought cupcakes were the new doughnuts? Are they switching places again?
"My public service is not concluded." - Says he wants to focus on a farm bill & nat'l security in last 8 mos
Can I be the Son-In-Law? RT Father picked me up on his midlife crisis Harley. I'm hoping he buys a midlife crisis island next.
hahaha well at least you didnt have 4 kids
Damn you long eyelashes.
How many tutorials are there on Craigslist? They're getting something right.
Yes, it's a good feeling when you can level up 9 times in a single round of drop zone!
When the got a penalty my cat hopped up and meowed at the TV.
I wish facebook had a way of uploading audio cuz I wanna share stuff I've been working with. aughhhrughgurh if anyone knows how tell me
Badgers offense is looking pathetic, no inside game.. no driving... too many threes... no patience.. what is going on??????
Am I the only one who texts in the shower?
dig dat bro!!!
I hope u love the clarisonic too! I also bought polish today. And #secondguestofaweddingdress cc
Sure were a hell of a lot of white people at this Kentucky #Derby post selection.
OMG I think Floyd Merriweather is so darned m!
I really want cuzzins right now. Who wants to go with me? how bout you ?
Check out our song ft the vocals of Bradley Nowell called "Friday Nights". Follow us & check us on pandora. Thanks
Great times this weekend : S/O to and
Trust is like a piece of paper, once it's crumbled it can't be perfect again
Charger are only ones permitted to air/stream Seau’s memorial … really high class “OWNING” a memorial
Thanks so much to the Hampden community for hosting such a great event tonight! It was really great.
when it on itunes ... i need it now...! lol
#WeWontWork if you prefer facebook over twitter .
bitch, you talk shit about me al the time. even when im not there, im just starting to think you're obsessed with me. and i love it <3
You bet! He was great to go out there and rep some TGB!
nice work! more updates please!
Congrats, Amy!!! great pics, beautiful!
(3/3) 4) Washington DC 5) Atlanta, GA. Honorable mentions Destin, FL and Chicago, IL
you had me laughing so hard watching jimmy fallon, btw moneyball is a GREAT movie congrats!
Let's #goRANGERS let's go!!!!! And the crowd is going wild!!!
A great rain for Houston today. Good thing I mowed the lawn yesrerday!
got 2 out of 4 anyway
Thanks to new followers! I love the geographic diversity.
see u soon! Weh u deh?
What I don't get is how you supposed to lead by example, but you doing bad your damn self..
The move up to No. 4 in the AFL's weekly 17-team power rankings. San Antonio hosts No. 1 San Jose on Saturday at Alamodome.
who's hiring?
i wonder if the regular show is on demand...hm, lets see.
let us know if you find a good one!
Ben Holmes - when I'm around U.S.-based entrepreneurs, I have to watch my wallet bc they are great at pitching!
Wahhhhh, my facebook news feed sucks, waahhhhhhh. PLEASE STFU!
He's one of my favorite actors. What a boss.
So glad I bought I see stars new album its amazing check it out ! Don't pirate it or your stupid ! # DigitalRenegade
Fresh out the shower coolin it now
When I set my mind to something i can do it. It's setting my mind to something permanent.
My arm hurts like a bitch today....no good..
free dinner and cake
Oh not making it this year? You another of the West Coast casualties?
We have snow
how about highfives? Is that weird too?
Who do you love...are u for suuurrreeee #llcoolJ bringing back the NY summer songs
Goodnight all. I have to sleep, because tomorrow's awaits me very important meeting that it depends on my future. Keep your fingers crossed!
what the hell is this?
Hunger just a problem of the unemployed? 36% of households served by have 1 or more adults working
See you next Weds!
welcome home!!
I'm liking this NFL Network opening for the draft
#whatnottowear southpole ,. not much people wear it .
my grandpops play for the celtics
In order: nope, nope, nope. But correct city. Just wring addresses / brands.
USA Wheat and Blonde, James Blonde are brewing... What will you brew? Call to schedule your very own brewing session today!
Haven't been on all that much as of late. Trying to figure out a few things personally, & work has been absolutely NUTS.
Did lil girl jeffin her ass off
suck it up
if u looking for late night craving? Visit
Bitching session in progress on the next table. This is going to be funny.
Your face is just fine, but you might want to put a bag over that personality.
where's that venting profile you keep talking about? I could really use it right now
I just saw Nick Jonas on a box of granola bars at Winco. Not literally.
haha. I thought you might. And thanks for getting through the whole thing.
how do you say that in spanish?
Fried Lake Michigan smelt tonight
Back from watching my baby cousin <33
Apparently, being a "woo girl" is a requirement for
Laying in bed and listening to Pandora
#BOGO at Edibles bar tonight, with a surprise guest bartender !
Me: ''Im useing the the bathroom.'' Dylan: ''Tinkle, Tinkle, Tinkle'' J.K.J + C.B.N = <3 ...Always&4Ev
What would it take to make $400 dollars a day every day of the year...
That's true. It's a little chilly from what I can tell, but still...
gotcha on bbm :)!
A5: It's best to have a space of acceptance I as we've grown we've started to recognize our need for space, and understanding!
My grandma is an amazing woman, so glad I had a great conversation with her today
Looking forward to speaking to GWU class about Goodwill's social media initiatives tomorrow night. #GWSMM. Any specific questions?
I miss how MySpace used to be ;-(
go home mother is worried about you...
Since 2006, the Badgers are now 4-0 vs "majors" and 5-5 vs "mid-majors" in the NCAA Tourney
Haha I lost it. Love that the kids were into it.
What did they say? Can't touich it.
RT : When you know what you want and you want it badly enough, you'll find a way to get it .Jim Rohn
eww High Tech :) loser Land.
Awesome that you took the next step. It's hard work but I know you'll love training for it.
What up world!?
No doubt. Too bad #Francona may lose his job over it. How are the baseball lessons going for you?
I was added as an admin to a Facebook page, but it's not showing up in my account. Is there a limit to the # of pages you can admin??
I do wish life would settle out long enough for me to get back to researching. But life throws loops and its best to roll with the punches.
Later today the House will vote on the Senate-amended
haha ya! How are you??
so excited to have 's support for If you're not following ,check out their AMAZING mentoring program!
call me NOW!!!
I Need a day where i can just relax.
Thank you to everyone who came out to Renos Chop Shop on saturday we appreciate the support!!!!
Zimmerman's took their first loan in '82 at 20%!!!
You're gonna be so jealous when I bust out my moves at book club!
no problem!(:
#MadMen tease a lot of big things up front. Let's see what this week of madness has to offer
Welcome my fellow colleague to the world of twits. Can't wait to hear what this guy has to say.
Goodnight, world. Stay safe
thanks, gettn back to all my fans.
which class is tomorrow?
DJ Frisko Eddy & Cocoa Jeans take over Pura this Saturday night! TEXT "PURA" to 99158 to get your $10 discount pass texted to you.
How much is the President allowed to spend (using tax payer money) on personal vacations?
Everybody’s at war with different things…I’m at war with my own heart sometimes
has that smile that can make me smile no matter what mood I'm in . <3
Many thanks!
how did they change it?
Good call me or I'll call you
it looks like perky pug needs her anal glands expressed....
snow day i waited at the bus stop would prob be there if my neighbor hadn't told us there was no school lol
Won't be looking for that on TV, LOL!
thanks to for dropping by with Cupcakes today. y'all know how to make yourselves popular around here on
#FF awesome actresses
Congrats! Way to go BabyGeek!
Bail Denied for Two Assailants in Jonathan Duhamel Attack, Including Ex-Girlfriend
Great piece today on #bepollen, ! I think this calls for coffee again soon! Game on?
u can check my YouTube look up juliusvevo sweetie
Really want a cigarette right now but I refuse to do it! #badhabit #notworthit just going to try and sleep!
When people who aren't following you RT you, just follow me it's not like it'll Hurt you!
Nightmare On Elm Street II is on! Been forever since I've seen this one.
I notice that Peter Barlow was dressed as Shakin' Stevens in Tonights #Corrie , retro style mega!!
Can't we just have a Ravens/Patriots rematch for the Super Bowl?!!!! I hate both of these teams with a passion.
(HEY ROB)
a lot b-days this month
Follow me,If I'm following u
I would love to hire you to host an interactive video chat with your fans. DM me for more info.
Lordy lordy, about time! ;-) Glad to have you riding with us, Chris!
Church I meant
I think Joe Namath stays drunk..
I haven't drooled this much in YEARS. Like, at least 2...
is looking for an motivated, driven, Business Development Executive in #Gainesville. Any #UF and #Gator graduates interested? Message me :)
Anyone in need of a smashed Nintendo 3DS and a burnt beyond recognition copy of Mario Kart 7 hit me up. Interesting trades considered
Loyalty royalty
#MagicMonday has been blessed and Awesome so far! :))
My little cousin's first word was BIEBER now she's running around sayin "BIEBER BIEBER" so Cute
does someone have to kill a congresswoman for you to care about gun control!
Flight Status: I made it to the gate and on the plane just now. My flight leaves in 5 minutes.
reff at volleyball so looked like will ferrel! even had a picture of himself in the #buddytheeelf costume! bahah
Just got back from seeing Harry Potter. Not bad. Very good for so little action.
why do some girls smell so damn good <3
starting off my saturday with some coffee, granola, and Project Runway Korea WITHOUT the subtitles
"When Love and Skill work Together, expect a Masterpiece" --John Ruskin .....This Dynamic Combination will Create an Environment of 'HOPE'
when do you want to do a BBQ party? I am eager to host. Should pick a weekend in late April
Bonus points if you can sing it in French: & RE watching so much Olympics they know all the words to "O Canada."
Fridays are even better with a Friday song #happyfriday! 🎶 😃
Thanks! Glad to be on board :)
3-0 LaSalle after a defensive miscommunication by Prep
Someone at Time clearly goofed, and my joke aside, intended no disrespect. But to say people *exclude* SD from SoCal? C'mon!
hope you feel better
Hey,So,What's up?,Did he type back? Did two more people like the page and said I sent them? Please answer!!! :D
wer.. I'm talking about a special follower.♡
Antiques Appraisal Day to benefit fight against Parkinson&#39;s disease
hang in there girl! You got this!!! :) it may seem like a lot of work now but it will pay off in the end. Miss you!
ik, our tour at the white house at 8
Hope the evening got better!
i heard your voice through a photograph.
Today's the day for you to Be Great, Be Inspirational, Be Extraordinary, and most of all
A6: It's not like it would be completely new to US. NASCAR, Golf, etc. Fans would adjust to it
No it's ok, i'm teamless and girless :(
oh alright man well you went real hard on I Love Music, real dopeness. ‘Prolem (Atmosphere)’ is dope too
I think we need 2 support all kinds of healthy parenting Not all women r capable of breastfeeding and don't need to be judged for that
Just think about this....its not even the "Dog Days" of baseball where bad teams easily go on +10 game losing streaks.
Thanks, Dasha! RT : What a great holiday party !!! So nice to meet more of this super talented family last night:)
Consider coupling it with a marketing tool 2effectivelyTake ur msg2The Mass Mrkt not just drive2site go2: www.Video-TV-Email.com
“: ok!! What are you wearing #bikini” -- poncho, gloves and hat. Scared of UV rays.
Soo nice out this morning..
#PARANOID. Help me.
Are you sure you aren't overlooking a type of quality?
I will root for your C's if you support the Lake Show tonight. Fair deal?
Business in the front party in the back
Burke is #Gopher hunting today! Boom.
lovin' this California sun! sorry everyone who's experiencing horrible weather everywhere else. don't mean to rub it in, but it's 65 ;-)
#hth2012 I like my session. Great presentations!
Nice pick!
Lots of folks have DUIs. Leon Hall even. Dude can play and was a good citizen. Love the pick.
A Clothing Optional Tweetup... wait... no -- wrong account! But there IS a Tweetup in Anchorage Friday 10/28. Unrelated....
I used to live there. Very "small town" atmosphere. Hm
TEAM BIEBER IS BEAST!!!!! :D
ooh nice:-) haha that CD is my drive to work CD. Always can get into it :-)
Soup of the week?! Now we're talkin'!
progressive and proud of it 😊
neil peart writes the lyrics. they all write the music.
.. Jupiter is NOT pleased sir.
“: helo”Same to you! Have a beautiful day!
Enjoying a beautiful, crisp winter day in the Heartland! It is sunny, breezy and the view from my window is like a winter postcard!
Ever thought of how much money you spend a year on gas while circling to find a parking spot? Send us your guesses and we'll tell you!
$200K budget for collabs and marketing!Need to find super hero major artists who want to jump on this project and many others
I so want an airship, and a rat tail, in that order!
Struggling with people rescheduling at the last minute. Not to mention the weather is starting to get to me.
Sittn under the dryer
#dtl2011 looking forward to start of online communities foe collaborative work and learning: lessons learned
I'm fucking ditching man ! I don't wanna deal with other ignorant bitches today !
Thinking about deleting twitter
PCB tomorrow FINALLY!! I've been needing this.
lets do it... edub and koolaid my people
Playing with Yahoo! Pipes for the first time. It's so cool and easy to use!
Thanks for all the b'day wishes. I had a great day and am still enjoying last night's Timbers' win. See you tomorrow!
Snow!? It's March
procrastination at it's finest
Thank you for the follow! Let us know if you'd like a chess set! Just picked up by Haamlicher Schlemmer (v. happy!)
Why should they? Not necessary to waste resources that way. SSP does only sell from its own site though. A + step imho
Of course girl you ain't gotta ask me twice cuz you da best!!!!! Muah
I guess we women work in mysterious ways! Enjoy your day (coffee or no coffee)!
I say "boom" a lot. Could be the comic book nerd in me. "Ka-Ploooey" has never worked though.
stop offending me. I just wanna live my life unoffended! #cryfest2012 LOL
Thank you all for voting us best of the city!!!! And coming out to see us :)
There went my bracket!
Twit twit! Busting headies in the stu
Nice grab.
Nice you riding with me? Maybe there's a Laurissa down there.
Happy Holidays!
" Good ain’t good enough, and your hood ain’t hood enough. Spend my whole life putting on, you spend your whole life putting up."
"One must have sunshine, freedom, and a little flower"
to follow you you have to accept a request
These Doritos Locos tacos are brightening my life.
I ran out of juice. Crying.
Obama is expanding war, killing many innocent with drones, signing all this bush like legislation (ACTA, HR347, NDAA, ect)
You want longevity for your t-shirt designs? Lower cost than DTG printing for runs over 24 tees & nothing but the best quality. Guaranteed!
Whoa.....! StormyBreeze over the weekend......! Devistatingly Bad..!
back for ASTD TK10 to deal with exploding faucet before heading to Training in San Diego tomorrow.
Looking for people who want to make money with their business!!
sure. When do you wanna pick me up?
CANT SLEEP AFRAID OF WHAT I MIGHT HEAR TOMORROW.. BABY IS GONNA HAVE SURGERY SOMETIME SOON ILL FIND OUT TOMORROW
didn't see the colon - thanks :)
RT " Going out to moon gaze... Super moon I'm ready for you."
ICYMI: You can now start putting your leaves in the curb for pick up through Nov. 15. You can also bring them to Sweet Water for composting.
Gotta go with the Pack. As much as I love the Brewers and what they've done so far, I've always been more of a football girl
What's up with all these boring ass movies my teachers show me ? 😒
nope!! Or my hoodie, long sleeve, 2 pairs of yoga pants, phiten,skirt. Cool👍
The sun is out, but it's raining on me and I don't have an umbrella.
Ugh, it's still just giving me "This web page is not available."
Good morning:)))
Somebody has the grill going already. Yard smoke.
Wow, just saw the highlights from lefty's back nine today. 30!!! Look out boys, he's on FIRE!
The angel falls in Venezuela are nearly 20 times taller than Niagara Falls.
If I could be the voice of any video game character? Any Spartan or ODST from the Halo franchise.
nice! I'm tummy is full!
heh. Seriously tho, it's great. Love The End of Something Also Big Two-Hearted River (also great Bells IPA) Chap VI great too
Not the eyelashes! They get me every time.
thanks for the RT BIG D!
I'm surprise no one is tweeting xD!
#UWEBC12 from : Social media measured by tangible (sales, etc.) vs. intangible (brand awareness, etc.).
where were ya? I pretty much got most of what I wanted. You?
veg from the family allottment and from the front and backyard is amazing.
I am so pissed! I already bought an argonauts Tebow #666 jersey!
Thanks. I will grab a copy from amazon.
This is my time now. Watch me stay strong.
Well, I suppose this was inevitable given the wind: power just went out.
we hope you like it mizz Famous!
Hockey in an outdoor stadium is fantastic. Super cool.
“: Ready to rock at your nbrhood farmers market #fb”
don't mock soccer. It's one of the worlds toughest sports to go pro u need a lot of skill. Not hating on hockey But dont hate futbol
Dis smoke is so loud my neighbor asked me to turn it down!
Working 7hour shifts and only gettin 3hours of sleep
hope you can join us! :) it's super chill
Stoked for the new Chelsea Grin EP! Counting down the hours til they release the single 'Lilith'
Artists for Animals auction November 2011
#Houston come in and get some $.35 wings n a cold one n see the gorgeous wait staff at
3 more followers until the 500 mark whose it gonna be?
So I just realized I left my book in class -____-.... that just really pissed me off.!!
Too many baby fathers, not enough husbands.
all quiet, but working hard behind scenes. No candidates I've heard yet. Def by end of May..prob 2 weeks or so
If you missed the story, said they will post the link on their website by 7pm so stay tuned....We'll post it when it's available
so you admit you have it harry?lmaoooo
R.I.P. Junior.
Damn you autocorrect! Sorry bout that last tweet/post - It's my last DAY at work this week. Hello, Thur-Friday! (at , having fun)
“: That looks amazing!” to much food! Only took 5 bites.
I have to rethink this now that I know you and I agree!! That is just not possible!! lol
hard to believe that
Resume Writing 101. Dear Agency, I want you to want me. I need you to want me.
what??:D
": ...last day of school..." It has been good school year. Thank you for all you do!
Makes sense. I've already had to replace the battery once because it blew out the bottom of the computer. Thanks for info.
Thank you
Today is the day of the woman and my Birthday Day,if you follow me you make me happy :) 14
Magic Number = 25!!!
Thn u say I act lik I'm the baddest female u been with....n is bc nobody else wants to deal wit ur bummy ass
Sleepy after a long day of cooking playing hillbilly golf, Frisbee, and spending time with the family outdoors
what's hearts looking like?
yeah fshure! send us an email about what you wanna do, we'll take a look.
Cheers to that! Thanks again, Laura. Have a wonderful, sunshiny, #GiveBIG day!
Where we belong..
I really don't even like a baby python gripping me like that it's too messed up. Cornsnakes are good for me. Good pet for retards and gimps.
We will, thanks for the tip!
Better than diets or herbal supplements, herbal teas are the most effective way to get the benefits of herbs, safely and easily.
dude you and me both
It's always nice to have someone in your life that makes you smile even when they're not around.
Last tweet from the holy land!
Females be sayin "Ima make him wait for dis pussy"niggas dont care ! dey fuck someone on the side until you give up yours its a dirty game.
Sometimes when I listen to #Skrillex I am afraid my face might melt off...
Flux pavilion station on pandora and it plays Moby?! Really?! Sorry.. But no
haha good call. Must turn off auto tweets.
Chandra Manning talking about why the Union troops loved Lincoln as part of the Abraham Lincoln Association's Symposium in Springfield...
do you make hip hop beat
Tis the truth, for it is apparent to all
hey :) thanks for the interest you will have to follow us so we can direct message you back
Remember, the greatest use of a life is to spend it on something that outlasts it
Pretty sure I need some partners for some Modern Warfare 3 on Xbox LIVE right about now... Who's coming with me? Gamertag: BluePhaze 24x7
wow i really don't know what to say.
I'm eating mine ad I tweet lol... They're addicting
Have to bring a white elephant gift to a party tonight. Any suggestions? (under $10)
It's like he has all of the Village People chasing him across that train.
That might be the move. You going out there?
I hope everyone in NASCAR enjoyed a week off...now back to work!
lol it's alright.
If you drive in Seattle, you ARE using Metro. YOUR road is clearer & safer when others take Metro. Pay UP!
Did I really agree to go to work at 4:30 in the morning on my day off?! What was I thinking?!
Have such a horrible headache. :(
Watch out for Yahoo Congradulations Document. It's another attempt to install a virus on your system.
Thanks for the follow! The weather is getting warmer, and that can only mean one thing...
#FF - - sorry for misspelling!! You get a FF all to yourself now :)
So we plan to #launch in the fall. But for now, see our sister #graphic #apparel company. W.ziggling.com
disney is rockin!
Send away my friend. 😉
Im da same yesterday as I am today...
Recommend me something to watch while I'm in bed!
we keep it private... I do still love you, you know..
Using my abacus and slide-rule, I have determined paper loses to health IT systems.
Ok. Randy Moss is kind of a jerk. But for some reason I find that I like him. I dont understand.
sorry for missing that last tweet on Tuesday! Zac Brenner in the Office for Teaching, Learning & Assessment.
hope you had a fun time!(:
you have an adorable nose...
Getting ready to start my day ! Work then training !! What's your day like xx
kris I'm obsessed
she got up and ran are you serious.
Tf that suppose ta mean , thas ugly Bitch . I ain't no hater ugh
RT Roses are red. I got a phone. Nobody calls me. Forever Alone.
That was probably the saddest and most emotional funeral I have ever been to.
im sorry lol but thanks for the follow
PROGRAMMING ALERT: The #Baltimore filmed #GameChange premieres TONIGHT on HBO at 9pm!!!
night twitter
Mother's Day is over so IT'S ALL ABOUT ME AGAIN!
TY for the kind mention
What about re-purposing objects in your house for creative serving? Like drinks served on a
Little relive of college rocking out to Vampire Weekend before hit the rd to Nashville 4 the audition!
Hey Q102! Great to see you connected on Twitter!
All-van singalong to Black Star.
That is very cool!
Elizabeth Banks Talks The Hunger Games and Says Harry Potter Is "Scary as Sh*t"
Trying to finish the vocab today so I can do the questions tomorrow
I can't wait! That might be the highlight of the #wsuprssaluncheon!
No human being believes that any other human being has the right to be in bed when he himself is up. R. Lynd Happy Sunday!
LOL I think I saw him in the concession stands getting some popcorn
Adele x lex Luger mix going hard right now. Ha
I have never found anybody who could stand to accept the daily demonstrative love I feel inside of me and give back as good as I give ~Plath
I only give head to blunts
aww come on that's my team now
Opening day, Saturday. Your fish is waiting in Oneida Co.
Tomorrow are two BIG baseball games for us! Need to win them both!
Fish Fry smells nice.
...as he has not personally endured sexual violence himself. As a result, he sees in one dimension - his own.
Waste no more time talking about great souls and how they should be. Become one yourself
Q for 2012: What or who am I in service to?
One hour until showtime!
i wanted to keep him in my past but now he's my present and maybe even my future :D
On FB - Coaching
~ might I just Say F**K you mister Fitzgerald and Mister Walker.
They say infamy loves company
I've heard a Duncan Donuts... The hood is a-changin'! (BTW, I was surprised to not see y'all at Lee Fields on Friday!)
To my mother - a loving, compassionate champion for marriage equality & more - Thank you & I Love You! And Happy Happy Mother's Day to all.
That moment when you start twitter about 3 years after everyone else and you don't know what the heck is going on xD!
be aware it does cost money;"dilutes the $ avail" to the Hetero couples
Thanks so much! Home of the #2DayLatteFast!
#Top10Lies You're beautiful...I love you...
I've never seen so many conflicting polls in all my life re Obama v Romney for Prez .Obama leads, others ridiculously say women favor Romney
ME AGAIN LOL “ Gemini might make you laugh by mimicking a sound heard outside the window. He's random like that.”
Dallas wass up!
Home from the gym some cod with the my boy than bed ! Back to back training and gym tomorrow.
It's so weird being around people that you're certain you're never going to see again, after being around them for a semester...
When u leave, take God with u
#HowCanYouExpect to Get Wifed up if you a Mut ?
An SUV Cadillac full of girls just told me I look like John Mayer. These are what the last days in America are like for me.
Did you know that even if you're married, out of the house, and working, you can still be on the 'rents insurance until 26?
Your show is so amazing, I love your mom on #girls, but I miss your real mom from - can you writer her in?
I had an incredible time. Thanks for the props. :-)
Our purpose is to work His purpose, not our own.
you're welcome? I think? Haha. Okay! Changing the subject!
@ Dallas BBQ's eating way too much
Made it just in time for first session on new musetech. Whew! Rookie mistake with buses on my part.
watching #DisappearedID and it makes me sad whem i watch them ):
Glad ya like it out loud! RT : Listening to old Back and forth with has me laughing out loud! Not lol-ing.
I don't have ur number
its on tv WMAR Channel 2 ABC
Alabama, Arkansas, I do love my ma & pa.
My maxim for life: I�m responsible for my happiness and you yours
Isnt it fun to see the Consumer Mandate Market rear it Huge Head! Supply side economics! Such A Joke
definitely died a little inside today !
I had 1 girl ask to be reunited with her family. Tough night for Santa. I'm asking you to perform a #randomActofkindness 4 some 1.
Seattle! High Dive Bar at 10
that any combination of crust, melted cheese, pepperoni grease and saucelike liquid could be anything less than delicious when drunk
How are Peruvian bagels?
“: Happy hour anybody? Let's go” just an hour of happy? LOL
LOL Science & wellness stories are newsworthy info regardless of the source. "Don't throw out the baby" :o)
Some lady just walked on the court mid game.
Junior Seau was always one of my favorite Backyard Football players
Watching Rocky for the first time. This guy is kind of a loser. And Adrianne...geez.
RT : What's up baby! Follow this sexy artisy she goes hard on the mic....
Hunc1120's Wachovia Securities, FAME Renaissance #ipo LA Redevelopment Agency SunTrust Housing MKT
i know! do more? ❤
Just because hasnt followed,retweeted,or tweeted u doesn't mean she hasn't seen ur tweets.She may have seen one & smiled.<3
I used to think the same thing... only a man. :)
"Some men see things as they are and ask why. Others dream things that never were and ask why not." - George Bernard Shaw. Good morning
yeah, we just got home from eating at Frickers!
No question. It's just amazing that swapping out that one piece made such a HUGE difference.
What am I doing today, Pinky? Why, the same thing I do everyday. Try to takeover THE WORLD!
Golden Girls is one of the best shows ever created
Word has it that some upstart tech blog is using our API for networking at their conference...
I Hope The Lakers Lose...
Back to Encinitas to shoot commercial property. Used The Photographer Emphemeris iPad app to map the sun movement. Saved a lot of time.
I wish there were fewer launch parties and more "lunch parties." Oh well.
Miami will never win a championship with this "Big 3". Not happening.
that's dope, super nice chef
Hey! Just watched your Chopped episode, CAN'T believe you didn't take that thing, totally the wrong call. You were awesome. :)
Nothing !!!! Just I told you that I block
Gets me every time!
The drunk train back to Long Island? "the Long Island Tail Road"? Brilliant, #himym, brilliant.
Ah! Your bio is cute!! I like that. Can I steal it?!?
Happy easter!!
Woke up early. Going to yell at my mom to wake up already lets see how she likes it.
#HISD trustee Lawrence Marshall congratulates board president Paula Harris for "fantastic victory" in Tuesday's election.
At NBC uni party with great chef Padma and many hardworking NBC associates
that sounds about right. But she isn't friends with me anymore :(
How do u not get #kevindurant the ball everytime down the court! Straight beast
Just in : Abita strawberry!!! Pretty limited so come get it while we've still got it:)
Discouragement is a choice...
letting you in was easy but letting you go was the hard part...
Wakeboarding season is about to kick into full force!
me and the bro coming to see y'all on the 7th
#TheLife RT : Spring rooftop happy hour in #NYC... Happy.
RT : Happy Leap Day! If you visit our stores today, you just might get a little "extra something!"
The warning signs at the parking lot by the MAT building at #UWT are funny. Who's actually going to read all of that *before* parking.
Watching criminal minds and all my power goes out and the house phone keeps ringing
Just got a huge order of wings in for Thursday Wing Night. BOGO wings 5-11. Let's keep it classy and enjoy $1 off Martinis 5-7
last minute move from CA 30 to Hyland 1000. See you there!
add a pic you big loser!
I'm not your brother! I'm yours! I can't leave you alone! I can't forget you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
same to you!
Happy Birthday Sweetie :)
#FF "more lovely and more temperate"
I second this statement.
Las Vegas tonight
the southeast beast!!playa came up since his hs days frm clear brook! Glad 2 kno true talent came frm tht school!!
Also "just kinda weird" guy hatin' on others 4 being "hostile" has profile pic of skeleton holding a gun
“: Lake Geneva, WI for the Mom's Day weekend! Chillin' with a Chilean Carmenere” Aww, my fave place to get away w/fam. Enjoy!
I go to USC what do you think the actors here are missing?
Ah, so I see, now. CakePHP 1.3 does ACL completely differently than the previous versions. Do your own tables and let automagic take over.
i love cpk.
Congratulations! Mover & Shaker indeed! Much deserving of the title!
Thanks for the add! Check me out for the latest beauty and fashion tips! Bringing the beauty counter to you!:-)
Sound familiar ? ": We all have that one friend that we greet with an insult"
for sure
{leans in and whispers} yes she is, my new twitter pet. SS she doesn't know I eat meat, thinks I'm Vegan. {Winks}
Sean!!! When are you going to be in NY? Come to the world premiere of Drinking Games on Saturday May 5th! :)
I probably piss off everyone I text since I suck at responding. sorry <3
thanks you too
That is some good stuff. Is some of your guys' stuff on that website?
reading up on Google +
I so want to go sounds awesome!
snack..snack..snack..edit pics..edit pics...beer..beer..beer.. :)
RT: I adore More specifically, my client services rep just rocks. Love helpful, responsive vendors!
The word of the cross stands in contradiction to every human attempt to determine how God should act. Dr Jeon commenting on 1 Cor 1.18-25
good luck!!
I think I'm falling for you
absolutely not! I fell asleep at 8 pm. Was this a repeat of Easter? Sure felt like it
St louis snow fall may only be a few inches but don't let that fool you, it can be more dangerous travel than heavy snow fall
So I take my bowl out, get my apple jacks. Pour my cereal in my bowl. Go to the fridge & there's no more milk ... -__- 😒
Oh well hello #sunshine!
Professor Xavier thanks you. Lol
The funny thing is I know more amber Coles than I can count.
What's old is new again? >> RT : Don't they ever learn?// RT : All social networks evolve until they imitate myspace.
Yeah that was good. I like the quote near the end re "sense of the wonder of photography..." So sick of gear reviews.
"If I aint got nothing, I got you... If I aint got something I don't give a damn, cause I got it with you"
what part of California?
thanks Bro.....Momma turns 84 today.
If you have not see our new products, MAKE SURE to visit the website and catch up with our blog!
Wouldn't be at all surprised if Romney got his "culture of envy" phrase from Harold Bloom's "culture of resentment."
y'all think i'm playin when i say I party hard...lol
Playing nba 2k11 and coach walks out in the middle of the floor while I'm starting to make my move
"Sometimes the one you've been waiting for is the one sitting right beside you unnoticed."
Eagles select Fletcher Cox in draft
Really a question for I'll note, though, that this one's more of a directory/census than an #altac survey. +
Team fortress 2 is free on steam...go get it, it's better than getting a job
Off to LA this weekend to spread some Black Cherry Crush love on the city of Angels!!
So exhausted. Definitely have BBQ sauce, frosting, and possibly snot on my clothes.
You know you're too close when....
where you headed to now reverend?
Dnt be a bully , who takes purses you damn old ....that's why you alone now hoe
USA! USA! USA!
It is known as the healthiest place on Earth
at home sick by my self.no fun
i wonder what its like to kiss :)
RT : As she will always be ": mary jane was there for me today"
The Milwaukee Ballet presents their Spring Series this weekend at the Marcus Center Friday and Saturday at 7:30pm. Tickets are just $25!
no, ma'am! But wouldn't that be an amazing date for some super cool foodie guy to take me on?! Haha
Today was a weird day half the school found out I'm single now every freakin guy is following me evrywhere o my friend got into a fight!
I'm happy that Wednesday is my Friday... having trouble getting started so far today. A full week would kill me.
Mom said she could see me being an attorney!
yayyyyyy back on twitter
90% of social media is just showing up. It's the other half that is hard.
Had a HS lit teacher grind that into me. So painfully true.
Minorities are abt 1/3 of the U.S. population, but make up more than 1/2 of the 50 million people who are uninsured
Is that just from work?! I never got that much email at The Sun!
If I treat you, the way you treated me. You would hate me.
Now I understand!!
the more #twinning the more I move up lol
Has The Perfect Smile With His Dimples . <3
Please re-post the link - it didn't come through.
I WAS REALLY HOPING YOU WERE TALKING ABOUT MY BOYS AND OMG PETROVIC!!!!!!!!!!
I will make sure to go to Takorea next time I'm there!
he's so noble it inspires me
thank you! And happy fathers day!
It's KARAOKE tonight - starting at 10. Sing your ass off! I'll pour you extra yummy drinks...
I have the best friends... Love you all so much I could just punch you in the face! #bestfriend <3
Kya! I just saw the cutest little ducklings xD
LOL I had it for breakfast this morning ;)
Were All Tha Photographers At
I would expect nothing less from those crazy Canadians.
i swear, if i have to see one more picture of you and your friends doing duck faces and peace signs...
theres never a right time to say goodbye
: Heading to #vmworld to run the #HOL. In flight peanuts rock! <--on my first flight, too. See you there. Lab10 rocks!
I turn to Twitter to upload a tweet that I couldn't make a Facebook status
What! They got the She Ratchet song on the radio!
It's hard to get out of the house with a 10 month old for storytime at 9:15....
Nothing like football and party platters to bring friends together. :)
Brothers! We will be tailgateing today before the game! Come grab some free soda, burgers and hot dogs!
Goldie - what do we have to do for the Sun Sentinel? They ridiculously buried this great win on page 6 this morn. So wrong!
Kites rise against, not with, the wind. ~John Neal
Hoosiers play today at 8:45p.m.! Enjoy 3 mini burgers for $5 and don't forget to wear crimson and cream. Go Hoosiers!
i wish i had a damn link card smh
Big applause to for organizing tomorrow #RIT thanks Mike!
Man, "Battle Ship" looks like a stinker! Or should I say SINKER!
Thanks, mate! Me to... :D
(Thumb up)
last thing before I go ..I don't know if this #alicebucketlist is for real, but I guess I'll jump on that too.
Situation in Jakarta just like the stronghold game..
I haven't been this not okay in a long time.
Roses are red, Violets are blue, The sun shows their beauty, But true beauty is in you.
Goals for the rest of May - Spend more time on #Google+, , and , maybe Pinterest too...
I cant wait MBAV!
Close to your place?
No super moon for me. Just super clouds. And super haze. Super shitty.
Are you at Brainstorm this weekend?
"If you have integrity, nothing else matters. If you don't have intergrity, nothing else matters."
your face. i like that shiz.
-- may as well doit now, get an interim, and then have the GM hire a... oh, wait. that's right. they have no GM. oh, sigh.
I think IA results say a lot to back up my previous assertion about Perry being Republican nominee. Just imagine if he was on the ballot...
Why? Cause we're loving the crew<3
#muchoImportante fools follow AND #RT- dont think i'll have as many walk outs as
But she hasn't hosted right?..... why are we still tweeting then?
So Stop Askin Me...About The Hoes That...I Use To...#FuckWith!!
Day 49 of 100: I am thankful for early mornings.
Genesee sex resources needed for city hall fight could be used elsewhere
STILL LAUGHING MY ASS OF AT THIS RT **Austin MaNO1CURRBOUT
Worst experience ever at the one off Marsh Ln & Northwest Highway!!
wished you had a fwd button? :)
Almost 100 followers, thank you
how is everything going for u????
I won something tonight(iPod touch)! :D already have one tho, but ima give my old one to my cousin...I'm a good person
I'm not going to Philly.
I wish I Had People That Hated Me, Atleast I'll Know People actually Care About What I Do...
Most niggas talk to females looking for sex. Me Im just looking for a Friend.
Fuckin love green day♥
yea what's goin on with that!?
Remembering 9/11/01 and all the brave individuals lost 10 years ago.
RT : I feel sorry for the people who have all these followers but no friends
Acting is my religion, and "Actors Companion: 99 bits of Craft" by Seth Barrish is my bible!
She's the best!
Right now Spurs are being out-shot on 2PT, out-shot on 3PT, and out-rebounded, but are winning by 14 thx to 23 Grizzlies TOs.
And congrats to honorable mentions & for
It also rhymes with sunday.
Come watch your action tonight against the White Sox at 7pm. $3 garlic fries & $2 bud light drafts during the game.
Sends a terrible message to the masses & clearly puts extra weight on who I personally think is an attractive, funny guy.
Yahoo’s Five Counter-Counterclaims Against Facebook. #1: Throw Out Retaliatory Patents
Ugh, sat behind a tall guy with poofy hair at the ballet & hurt my back leaning forward the whole time.
I'm going to quote you on that last sentence in my next grant proposal! With whom did you study CN? Are u in Canada?
yeah, he's a cool dude. Good power and hits for respectable average too, which we could use haha.
Thanks jake :3 what's up?
How does not have Helvetica as a font?!!
Happy Birthday you stud muffin you
oink, oink
you and Kati are very similar, Tara. Both of you are over achievers :)
There was supposed to be a Selena concert yesterday in Charlotte... What
_Northern_ Virginia could be considered a Mid-Atlantic state
- Hm , I Think I Would Do Wonderss W/ A Simple Dislike Button Onn Fbook !
- "Love, is not a word that exists..." Speaking the troof from the freeverse album haha Starting to believe it.
person, just doing what he likes instead of sticking to just one thing.
Good morning Tif! Have a great day
very true. I'm particularly interested in interior designs built around sound systems: "sound architectures" in a sense.
coolin' its crazi up n here #teamWHOOP In the Building!
Sitting here cooling on my new ipad2...the shit beats carrying a heavy ass laptop
Hi. Thanks! Can you please DM me your email or phone so we can schedule a convo?
AW MAN
ewwwwwww, you said y'all..
I also would have gotten a tattoo of it too though
Hi right back at you! Hope all is well back in NY!
WOW! Thanks for that. Now I feel 10x more like crap ._. Loljk
my bad.
#fridayreads Finished Last Stand by Philbrick & learned lots. Just Started Good Graces by Lesley Kagen.
Is the water to deep for Chuck at Syphilis Pool Suites?
See, academia is cat-centric, there's no hope! ;-) RT : a dog could be considered a 4 legged academic suicide note
Michelle, you really have sensitivity and style!
The Adventures of Baron Munchausen in my pants bay-bee!
asian male who uses a mac not that uses a mac. C'mon u know yr grammar
needs you to listen to the amazing fundraising shows on wtju.net and pledge for his Brian Eno show tonight at 11 PM.
Shower. Work. Hang out.
Now I'm #verklempt. Talk amongst yourselves. Here, I'll give you a topic. The Partridge Family were neither Partridges nor a family. Discuss
YEAH!!! Pats going to the Superbowl!!
WHO IS YUNG RICH ? SOMEONE ASK ME AND I SAID Bi@#H IM YUNG RICH
Keep pushing!
Tim, No question RT : Your choice of future HOF power forwards, RIGHT NOW on your team who you taking, K. Garnett or T. Duncan?
Just one more day! I cannot wait!!!
WATS GOOD LADIES!! FOLLOW BACK
And lastly so much love for
The 1st #opera I conducted, #Halevy's La Juive, was produced and overseen by soprano legend
Maybe you should? What's that mean!?
Happy Hour 2pm-7pm w/ wine tastings all day.*Tuesday new food items- Herb Meatball w/Romesco Sauce- Arugula Salad W/goat cheese& apple vin.
sigh .. i want to go back to bed now
Can't sleep fml!!
I was at the gym and Starbucks..just got back!
Thanks for the follow <3
Happy Birthday T$ <3
Acting like you don't care because you do too much
excellent time playing tons of new songs at Millersville Univ. - thnx for listening and taking me home (in cd form!)
why would someone want to remake
Well, goodbye and good riddance Shane.
if she's hot, I wouldn't complain about that.
Everyone in our country has the raw material to deliver breakthroughs.
Why have I not seen you yet?? :) “: LOVING all the local touches and fun facts at #prsawdc! Facts, when combined w/ideas..
Dear sir, I am in your Chicago establishment. So happy there is one now in the Midwest!
Please No Snow! Please No Snow! Please No Snow!...
Tim Tebow traded to the NY Jets.
haa ones not good enough for ya shadow? lol JK :P and BEST PENGUIN STANS FOREVER bpsf <33
It's cool. Just play some B. Spears next time I'm out and we're good.
Sorry we won't be there. Have great carols and better times! RT : Eve of the eve in about 5 hours!
It's not a grammy but we can make U a trophy out of aluminum foil? Get back to Wisconsin soon! More roof top BBQ's! Congrats!
I know! Lots of #crisiscommunications practice going on :)
Baseball is ninety percent mental and the other half is physical.
do you have a tattoo?
something like that
I feel like it would be really cool to have someone know what you're going through. Someone I could relate to, feel me?
unfollowing you for the draft you're ruining my excitement
I've came to the conclusion that "Reef Releaf" is the greatest song of all time.
hit me with a follow back so I can msg you back..lol I am about to sen this song
Your profile talks about changing the world, and I are working with NFL'ers to change how NFL players are measured!
seriously made me LOL
#FMG MONEY GANG WAT IT DO YOUNG FLY MONEY wagoody nigga GET IT IN JONES was goody my nigga
Long Pregnancy Tied to Kids' Behavior Issues - MedPage Today
Qualified teachers need to demand professional respect. Administrators need to listen to teacher's ideas and implement them.
DMX is definitly gonna blow up angelina oh man....
yes! Which is dine by me. :)
You can now upload a logo that is up to 520 pixels wide to span across the entire tab. For best results, upload a 520 x 108 pixel logo.
So my dad has a northface and my little brother but not me
Nerd alert!
when people tell me I look really tan
Pizza Shuttle & Weed
It's good to have you back...I miss everything :)
Pinky at the corner of her mouth ooooohhhh!
Go check out buds in Brothers Loyalty! they just put up a new song and it's really sick!
#GreatnessIs having the courage to stand up for what you believe in, no matter what the circumstances are.
Walk out each day. And say thank you for acts of kindness. Without today, tomorrow will not be.
What should I be for Halloween?
ah i didn't even see that! thanks for telling me :D
thanks tony.
Cool lets do it!
Kickstarter has proven to be a community & a mvmnt, not just a platform. The more ppl find Kickstarter, the more success for all
same here kid same here ;/
Obama Gay Marriage Announcement: Many Black Americans Shrug Off New View: ARDMORE, Pa. -- Like many black Americans, Dorsey Jackson d...
thanks Eden, we'll see. it's just like, ugh, I'm killing myself for you guys + this is the payback? I don't get it...
Great blog! Thanks, ^Carel.
Haha. Aren't you supposed to be a supporter? : In defense, it is awful to be on TV. He's less polished, but...
Colo US attorney responds to boulder da in med marijuana issue. Says decision to shutter #mmj dispensaries is his choice, not d.c.
Tip 4: It's certainly fair to ask a person about themselves. But, don't get too personal on the first date.
ill come pick you up!
i'm stressed the fuck out -____-
I love talent show tv
oh yeah...i forgot. Where do you live again. Yeah i fell asleep on you! Lol sry
and why do you continue to fuck with Bubba?
That would be great ! DM me or call me at the Brooklyn Museum and I can give you some more info
#Fact #1 iOnly Sleep In PINK!
Move over, custard: 'Fro-yo' is all the rage in Milwaukee - Milwaukee Journal Sentinel
who the hell was talking to you?! Go cry in a corner somewhere smh
Oh it was both great and an adventure - you should come out next year
Why don't you move here so I can fix you up with a nice southern girl?
RT : I like Dope, Ill Niño, stuff that has words...
dwiggins: It just keeps getting better! Take a look at this, infopros: From Tech Crunch -Tweet Screencasts With Screenjelly #slail #slak ...
Thanks! We'll add that to the list!
I so love my church!!!! City of Praise
Isn't it brutal that we have to wait so long for our season to start? At least we can go watch their practices.
So wanna try! : An onion rubbed on ur feet will be tasted within next 30-60 min cuz ur bloodstream carries it to ur tongue.
Hi Stacy, We are so glad you enjoyed the mini cupcakes!! now you know where to go for your sweet cravings!
EL VIDEO QUE NO QUIEREN QUE MIREMOS !!!
Into The Wild..can it be that easy?
it is "snowballing" out here.
The only thing that can save us is ourselves, with a little help from each other.
"Poor wandering one..."
First a fake clinical trial, now a fake peer reviewed journal...what's next...fake drugs?
Very proud of our team and our friends at We R working our buns off for the 4/14/12
crappy. I hope u made it home ok.
A man. A bit older than your Eoin, I guess. But not decripit.
you know it..but aren't you sad you're leaving me too? lol
Joshua "if you can't feed one hundred feed one"
I hope you'll keep it up! So many little, meaningful, precious memories - best things in life - I thought I'd never forget.
People tend to make rules for others and exceptions for themselves
Listen close, this will be the most concise telling of the new OT rules you'll ever hear
what up! When we linkin?!
For Halloween this year I am going to read several Ambrose Bierce pieces. Yes, I even celebrate Halloween by reading!
Text me. Text me. Text me.
My wknd car accident is prohibiting me from regularly scheduled classes and I'm so depressed about it :(
Haven't been on in a while, how's everyone been?
lol good luck!
Went too far, got a tad carried away and ya left me.
Wish I could go to the baseball game but instead, I will be working
I can never tweet anything without making fun of me.
this is coming from the guy who made the "snitch" allegation. Funny stuff.
If you drive a porche & I pass you going 70, something is wrong
Accident right in front of me. Be careful out there
Honestly, that view is pretty narrow. the Rails vs. PHP debates are stale. Michael, whats the issue w/ PHP?
Yes big we can!
Goldberg: the court must take into consideration the HD 63 history.
To me Ron Paul looks like the guy who gets unhooded at the end of every #ScoobyDoo episode. --Jimmy Kimmel @ White House Correspondents Din.
'Books are written in Cairo, they are printed in Beirut, they are read in Baghdad.' - cultural proverb, quoted by
wish happy birthday please <333
awesome! hope to do it again...
Is there anybody out there ?
1st day of School...man its quiet around here :(
Charles & Baltimore 11-2 then 36th in Hamden at the SPCA for the first Food Truck Gathering of the year 5-8
There are a few other features, which are available too. One example of the live streaming and the live broadcasting is the cricket matches.
Busy day tomorrow!!!!!!
Check out our great prices and flat rate shipping.
Yeah you are! RT: :"I'm on Twitter again... Thanks to and "
Once in a while, in the middle of an ordinary life, love gives us a fairy tale.
Yay snow! Wait, never mind, I have to shovel now.
Thank you for the hug. It helped!
the shxt you see on facebook smh
If you're lucky, somethings you stumble upon.
i am sitting outside waiting to go into my 9am and i had a couple more drinks. you were obviously being dramatic. haha.
this is what he said.. "you know we can't go out because we live over 100 miles apart, right..?" /;
awww so sweet!
I pee in the middle urinal so someone is forced to stand next to me.
Follow Back
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen has my bra strap in her purse..
RT : "The gauntlet is thrown down. The challenge is defined. We have to tell better stories." -
Great mug shot...
My shortfilm "Life too short for bad coffee." Is now shoot!!!
#BecauseitstheCup you can get away with murder if you are a well known player...
Thanks for coming to visit us crazy kids !
Which right would you choose? The right to work hard and earn more money or the right to earn more money to pay higher taxes?
When you come party on Boston street, let me know!
ahh have a good time!! happy birthday to your aunt!xx
Now THAT is how #Mahler is done! Thanks for being there, !
if you're against prostitution- stop sleeping with hookers
Highlights of Jazz Fest: Did you know John Stamos is president of the Beach Boys fan club? The Full House heartthrob said so in his i...
Got a new phone. Msg me if u don't got my number
your mom is my hero
Proven Success! On average I've helped 11 homeowners a month avoid the nightmares of foreclosure! Through Short Sales and Deeds In Lieu!
May 7 Get ready about to shoot new video 4 SHOW OUT FT. SHAWTY LO - D4L/G-UNIT will b n da building!!
Like to cook? - Listen Up! It's "More Herbs - Less Salt" day across the country, health experts wanting you to cut down on the sodium.
Peter Pan and Up The Down Staircase coming to the Athenaeum Theater www.yatkids.org
Dreams are most fun when you first think of them and after you have accomplished one...the time between start and finish is just hard work!
“: Talked to two AL evaluators today who strongly believe Rangers are the best team in the majors.”Any Tigers fans disagree?
Hey I met you at the better with you tour in Nashville TN can you please follow me I love you
All my Denver sport teams are kicking ass so far. Let's go D- Town!
thanks, Jordan ;)
Homophobia is wrong... homosexuality is wrong... Lets start quoting bible.
Is so blessed to experience this amazing music being made in the city of New Orleans.
Haha oh really?! Have you corrupted my boy Ross?
Mamba for Three!!!!
Hope everyone has a great weekend!
Fillin out Job Applications is a job itself .
looked pretty sexy in his bow tie #1DonSNL hmu <3
Ya, I was only talking about LeBron. I'd be more than happy to take your bet for his career #s :) some1 could dig em up!
hey bro follow it to the T. It works my man! cut out bread,chips,soda and carbs..Then watch the fat melt away
If I don't get to see her tomorrow I know I'll live my whole life with regret.
Don't Need A Cosigner To Tell Me I'm The Shit #shrug I Already Know It. Lbs
good times:)
cheers. Just be glad your not in chi-town for another snow storm.
Thank you lover! xo
Vote for For the youngest dj doing it and Vote for vixen for the best dance crew the dj and the dancers is the best
Privacy should be cherished.
if a bitch fuck around I might go off.
Looks great and goes good with your new shirt.
Happy Mayday! go celebrate by picking up the newest issue of featuring on page 13! With picture!
its only like 100 or something lol Naty II you going to the movies Friday?
What do you think about standardizing professional development content for #preschool #teachers?
Females think they trendsetters..
I wonder what their "new evidence" is in the case. It's unusual for them to come out and say they think she's still alive.
ha i have da same issues bruh u gotta watch dem femalez once u pass out who knws wat dey do
retirement Bob? He is still a spring Chook!!!! :))))
#google is awesome right now
StaffingMarketplace will be rebranind as Staffing & PEO Marketplace.com!
What’s on your Kindle right now? We’re reading The Historian, Bella Tuscany, & our own Lilacs and Other Stories
or you just head over to Hofbrau and watch it on their big projection screen TV!
You should try it. It really works. Just don't pay for anything if they ask you for money. That's usually a scam.
leave it hol up
Thanx for all that you've done! Hope all is well.
Piers Morgan's interruptions are ruining the flow of your interviews...
Good sunday morning fam. Hope all are having a good one. Keep the faith!
or what?
When Chris came on the screen i screamed .
Day 3 of shooting film stills. Outside. In the rain.
when are we going to hit the grey screen and losen up some cash...Not just steal from it. What happened to for the people.....
Is there a cloud storage service like Dropbox that can be accessed via a Windows drive letter?
Thanks Dan! Hope you're doing well!
48 hours, we have to know about Braun by then.
I didn't mean to RT that..oops. But I'm not gonna loose it this time for real!
absolutely nothing to do at downtown
If everyone in America had a product or skill of value to offer, we wouldn't need welfare. Alan Jackson is a "Singer of simple songs."
Gobble gobble! In case you missed the news, we’re open regular hours today! Take the family to get shakes after the big turkey dinner!
Support us, mention us.
RT "We're born into a box of time & space. We use words & communication to break out of it & reach out to others"
Has he thought of going to a chiropractor? We fix many injuries, even severe ones without surgery successfully.
oh wow meant where in Texas?
so wrong #HatersWillBeHaters omg if they are gana do that,should at least b funy. Sombody should have them sterilized. Send me link
Thx Steph! U need to see her in person soon!
RT it <<Follow the new page>>
happy new year, John!
I hate when I get a hiccup when I'm singing...
I HATE OT!
I hope .. We will see
Great job on the article about looking through the Hispanic lens. We serve the Hispanic community and you are 100% correct
4/21: Gov. Perry Issues Proclamation for Days of Prayer for Rain in TX. 9/5: Catastrophic fires burn thousands of acres, force evacuations.
LIKE SHRIMP
Nori Aoki is officially my favorite
Best wishes to Jess and JR Cheers on your upcoming nuptials!!!
lol it's np! I see why you wanted it so bad too it was fire!
Are you guys ready for your first day back?
Recovery International Tool of the Day: Don’t look regretfully into the past or fearfully into the future.
God will give seed to the sower.
understand the context of the job each of our students have to do at school
Don't wait for the perfect moment, take the moment you have and make it perfect...
Sorry so late in our reply, but thank you! The future looks bright!
Where's.my.droid.me! I.love.you, hopefully you can make it over here for Florida Georgia, its going to be epic schlitterness!
Tomorrow is military and law enforcement appreciation day at the Balloon Museum! Come by for a free breakfast 6AM-10AM
dont call yourself ugly...
Whats your username
Wondering how many men are making women officially mothers at 230a on mothers day just sayin'
your not heartless, you've just learned to use your heart less.
send me your email address
Dear sephora. Your noisy DJ just drove me out of the store. This is so not pro sales.
Questioning the universe......
I love being me !!!
Got a facial on my lunch break. Guess what #1 recommendation was from the esthetician...YEP - SUNSCREEN! #Handled www.patrickssunscreen.com
RT A fulfilling healthy life requires balance with a good diet, regular exercise and quality supplements.
Accounting is depressing anyway, its accounting lol
Daydreaming of a steak vesuvio style from Harry Caray's
COME ON PATS! LETS GET GRONKED!
#Capricorn MB guy of the day: Roc Royal
Tip #119: Poker is like MMA/boxing/golf. We need to out think/out maneuver/out execute our opponents to win.
The DTE/Pine Knob is celebrating 40 years this summer. Looking back, what concert was your favorite? ~ Jake
More golden Friends of Globe shirts printed and ready to wear! ~To MICA friends who are waiting to get yours, lets meet up!
why do these random ass numbers keep calling me
No weapon formed against us shall prosper. Unity is key.
lol yes he is, they grow up so fast!
She Snapped:DD
It may be Black Friday, but your vehicle's engine oil shouldn't be black. For the best bargains, come by Express Lube.
Writing up cover letters to studios before i get back to work, gotta get the ball rolling on this career thing!
The Word. Take it in; Think it out;Work it out;It is the Truth! "Behold, I will do a new thing." (Isa 43:19)
Try our groupon now deal tonight ! Only $10 for a large 1 topping pizza!4 available, they go quick!
I'm obligated to be a better man....
you need to get a background!
it's crazy man. Can't believe it is done. It seems weird and freeing and all these other emotions
We just killed our first snake of the year in the backyard tonight. Yikes! I'm TERRIFIED of those things!
Know when you're laughing, but it's ~2 secs away from tears?? Haha, realize we're not performing rocket science but can't get a win today!
Can Detroit make it a Trifecta for the #15 seeds tonight?
the californians are KICKING IT.
Cochella in less than 24 hours
If you call or text me and most of the time I don't answer.... I probably don't rock with you.
oh no, i'm gaining weight :o
why does nobody respond to my tweets anymore? ...
And it's for my #Evicted story! Will post. RT : I'm thoroughly giddy right now... I just got to write a blog while at work!
M...who doesn't? I just started watching from the beginning, now that it's streaming. Hadn't ever seen it before.
Rod #Blagojevich is now in prison
A portion of the proceeds will benefit #CD101 for the Kids and the Wexner Center. Don't miss MMJ and Band of Horses at The LC on 8/12!!!!
- that would be awesome!
We hope everyone has been staying warm this winter! Love you guys!!
I met my boyfriend's mom for the first time. After spending nearly 2 hours with her, she hugged me goodbye and asked what my name was.
really sick of hearing about my parents problems it's making me want to leave my house for fuckin good
win winner winning
Follow now..for great updates & get inside her world!! Oh yeah #IsTeamFire !!
I miss you more:(
yep! Can we help you guys get famous?
On HSP Ruffin overbetting pots MEGA like 3x pot, fkin insane. Pro's must be think OMG I make bank or this guy can totally suck out n felt me
follow back for business inquires I would love for u to be the face of my upcoming hair launch
Eager to learn ballroom & ballet in just 1 day? At the Day of Dance, Rachel shows us we can have fun & stay heart healthy. (3/20/10) @ 5:30
Listening to Ira Glass interview Terri Gross. I think I'm in heaven
night rider symphonies...
$100 Google Word Coupon with a purchase of a Basic Web Design. www.gostudiogreen.com
oyster bake was a success (:
I thought Andy worked 5 WPTs in the last 7 years?
Praise the Lord! Celebrating today's 10K with one of PA's finest creations: Ale from So fine.
I am pretty sure my dog is unread.
me too lady! I can't get everything done!
I need to get in on that.
Did anyone have a tear fall down when they seen the boys on the preview...? Just me... K
One of the richest man in America, Andrew Carnegie is allergic to money
Good Morning World! Sliick In Effect! New Mixes Today! Stay Tuned In!
Robert Greer Jr. Needs to come home NOW! I miss my brother 😔
I would have to say Take a look at his tweets... hahaha :)
u have a great one urself! ;o)
“: I have been legendary since you were in grade school. #literally #imold” hahah
off to see Gods of Carnage with the visiting parents.
SAT in the morning !! 😲
Springers book give aways were pretty cool
Looks like you've got all the necessary equipment. :)
I bet he misses you.
Just started liking "Crew Love".... Might just be the beat tho...
The serving size for One A Day VitaCraves is 2 gummies... doesn't that defeat the whole purpose of "One" A Day?
This is the funniest day of the year. You get to see how everyone look without makeup haha.
LOL I just realized it's Friday
i think he is a very important component although it may not seem like it.
def need one
Are you excited for both of us music video to come out
Lol why do I always take my breaks at #420 #pothead lol
I'm feelin' the need for speed
ABC has pulled together an astoundingly irritating group of douchebags to do its #OTRC interviews & commentary.
Thirsty niggaz be havin average hoes thinkin they're more than what they r
YOUR THE MOST ADORABLE BOY IN WHOLE WORLD AND SO AMAZING AND AWESOME AND I LIVE YOU SOO MUCH PLEASE FOLLOW ME<3<3<3
speaking at #AribaLIVE on new partnership. "This is not your grandfather's #ERP."
No. No. No. No. You Will Meet Him! Stop That NONSENSE Talk!
I bett you taste good 😜
thanks! I'm gonna have my mom gps them now
No I didn't go to Joes but I'm going to Rolands this afternoon @ 2. Are you back in town?
I think I am going to frame this picture today :)
Q4) Participate actively when given the opportunity to learn with others
fixing my bathroom and hopefully putting bedroom furniture together!
lol dawg u no ive always been a busy person
Amazing how I know the Catholic Church made up the no meat on Friday rule, to help the fisherman, but still feel guilty eating meat. Bravo
The countdown continues -- one more day until I hop on a plane to Kailua Kona! A much needed vacation :)
je suis horrible at french pronunciation
thanks man
Make your reservations to bring in the new year with us !
Green Marketing is new and innovative. #admerica!
Any list of 100 Great Guitarists that does not include Keith Richards but does include Skrillex is ultimately very artful trolling.
it's all we need :D
I actually liked Derek Morris as a Ranger.
Conquered Camelback mounting with my #brewers colleagues jim, billy, Megan and Kristin. Thanks for waiting at the summit for me.
"It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are." - e.e. cummings.
Thank you.
Yes Pls RT : OK, folks. Now that you're back in the land of data plans and ample wi-fi, how bout sharing your fav #arlis2012 links?
Being a Mom to adult children is much harder than when they were cute little babies
While the dust still settles in Egypt...
“Who answered, Give me a blessing; for thou hast given me a south land; give me also springs of water. And he gave her the upper springs,...
wow that really means alot:) we are recording more songs next week !! I cant wait!
did you get todays update? 5.1.1 is supposed to be more stable
There's a time to tweet and a time to watch. #Madonna is a time to watch. KILLED IT! Talk about an entrance!
No worries there, I will.
If Gov Walker doesn't cave, we're leaving teaching to join at Current TV
wont seventeen forever, we can get away with this tonight.
Farewell #Discovery! So sad that the space program is ending, seems surreal. Hope we revive it in our children's lifetime...
I had a lovely lunch with my lady...
that's great that you're sticking to your budget! let us know when you're ready and we'll be sure to help you find what you want.
pretty fly for a ginger guy
RT RT : R.I.P Whitney Houston; one of the greatest musical talents to grace this Earth.
Don't forget if you are a broker to go to www.in.gov/pla to pay for your renewal after you get all 16 CE with www.TuckerSchool.com!
I may be quiet around you, but you should see me with my friends.
Thanks, Catherine!
haha seriously though, I'm still kinda annoyed about that. Ps I couldn't switch my leadership class- your class is full now :(
One FGer calls Bill Haas 'The Silent Assassin." After he buried that 43-footer to beat Mickelson and Bradley in a playoff, who can argue?
Really excited to watch the Skins and the Eagles...great start so far!
If You Think Twitter Is Boring, It’s Because YOU Are Following Boring People
I'm in a wedding on the 7th! No go for me ladies :(
Come to the #AAPC Welcome Reception, scan our custom QR code & enter to win a NEW iPad! Bring ;-)
RT : Headed to for the plant sale today! Serving up some delicious breakfast and also lunch! Will be there...
My hair hasnt been this long in 4 years
You suck.
now I'm picturing you in monk garb with a martini in your hand :)
Easy, there. “: Tim Tebow is better than Matt Ryan because Tebow can win in playoffs. No argument.”
It's been a busy day for me. Happiness= #Dodgers sweeping the #Rockies :)
Thanks for the follow, Coach!
Lol shut up!!!! RT : I think oomf got the bg's on a plane hahaha
follow racheal on twitter
Nice time in Arizona,onto the airport
lol anyways lol yeah. so how was ur day?
Of the bright green color of lush grass. You know...a VERDANT.
Come on bikers. Its sunny! Ladies let's get ready!!! Bike night and ladies night!!! Drink specials all night!!!
Back in the day when I used to spend HOURS fixing my MySpace page, looking for the perfect song to fit my mood, & updating my profile pic
I'd be happy to share my thoughts.
A Perfect Sunday would be spending it with YOU !!! Hoping yours was PERFECT :)
OK but we'll have to change again, then again.
Zuccotti Park looks like a homeless renaissance festival more than a protest
Giants pitcher Madison Bumgarner is from a place nicknamed &#39;Bumtown&#39; almost a century ago
yeah u
Thinking positive
Manu out. Tim out. Cahasin? Game Time Decision.
Finished shooting episode 3 The Double Date and it was a total #drag. Hoping to keep up the flow with the new episode format!
RT : What I love abt good fiction & good history: No straight lines! Linearity in life tragic delusion. Love-the mess-or-perish.
December reminds me of ________.
Have your students evaluate themselves - set exams aside - a litmus test for the psyche - a starting point to build upon - a REALIZATION.
I thought mr adams made that up!
Machine Gun Kelly and reptiles...I love my life!
#RHOA #Cynthia needs to get a backbone when it comes to talking to
I'll stop now...cheers and love to you all :)
Put your lips on me and breathe.
newly single. ready to get dowwwwnn
his attitude is shit is the reason why he stinks
It will if you follow me ...Please =)
Someone talk to me please? My buddy left. :(
Love this month's Bark Box! Miracle Wipes came just in time for those doggy walks in the rain!
#Iona can ball.
so great meeting you last night! I wish we had more time to chat before the night ended! Going to check out your site now :)
Going out with my girl (:
Why thank you sir!
roughly 4 months after launch.
Don't know what to tweet.
great times at chipotle
Gotye is actually a really good artist.
So far going to Atlanta, Seattle and Kentucky this summer :) stoked!!!!
Today in Literary History: On March 9, 1994 Charles Bukowski (author of POST OFFICE and HAM ON RYE) died in California.
stop it. I had quesadillas tonight too! Happy vday to you and :)
Thanks for all the #FFs and RTs! Have a great day & See you at tonight's receptions
-.- you guys,it's not the truth;P
Funny that is what it will look like during a Mid-July Tuesday night game as well
You better check yo'self before you wreck yo'self.
New tomb for ghost of Chernobyl The National
Stand up show right now... So not hyperventilating.
Superbad is still so funny. i can't handle it.
Game tonight should be fun
let's try and do tonight or tomorrow anytime after 9
Dogtooth is really good but The Arbor is something special. It's like a documentary Dennis Potter-style.
"gone in 60 seconds".
Vanessa Hudgens: Shirt-Dress Shopper
You grab it and say "Captured B*tch!" Sorry, I don't know. :-( Hope it made you laugh at least. =]
lol gets banned from stickam hops on a friends account and does it all over again thats what i call a G.
RT: When someone special walks into your life and is able to change things for the better, Don't ever let them walk away”
awesome thanks
All CWSL classes canceled today. Resume Monday Sept 12. Campus operations open soon. Employees will be contacted by dept heads.
I'm the only one that doesn't think my opinions are unpopular.
RT Love works every time. Pass it on.
Crap! Sneezing while my mouth is full of food.
this moment in my life is just a chapter in the book....i know the ending.
Is it possible to be successful adjacent?
oh..I'm so glad! You are welcome! knowing i helped makes me happy.:-) can't wait to see it!
take it as a compliment!
I FUCKING HATE MY DOG!!!!
No Heat vs Lakers just taking in some Northern Virginia hoops
Are you interested in follow4follow? i will follow back. Try the promotion site on my profile, it's free.
Omg i cant wait for #Aday! So i can prove wrong ;)
I wish I knew how you really feel now.
Free in NYC tonite? Beat the heat, see Dick Cavett live at Ethical Culture Society, tics at the door. Socrates in the City event.
Ill start an earth quake
whoa there pause for just one sec... Did really just tweet that 
not as good as your Veuve de Vino cocktail recipe!
Appalachian Granny is baking Graham Cracker Pies fresh at Acme! Order one today! 614-732-2803
The first speeding ticket was issued in 1902.
Hang hearts on it and call it a valentine tree. Shamrocks next, then eggs, keep it going till December! Saves time!
[LIVE TWEET] Rethinking Expertise: pragmatist model of expertise. Discussing the differences between science and expertise.
have audition lessons jn my room about 1x/wk & really like to see clear objective &product at end + where they would go frm there
Wanna go see him :-)
Good Morning World,
My new friend here made fun of me for liking #RBD, so I continue to stand alone.
Allergies! Bah! I will defeat you!
Watching Workaholics. I love this damn show.
Had a great time on the Big Island. Back in Honolulu now. Can't wait to go home to LA. Still dunno when that will be. Soon I hope.
Thank you so much for your support :)
I do everything I just don't understand why things never change
aw ;) thanks!
I officially want to declare my love for Gotye's State of the Art.
Mikes hard lemonade for Angelina (:
its so obvious how hard your trying to look cool. slow it down hot shot.
No not Matt
Yeehaa, well turn me over and color me red! It is MEATLOAF Wednesday Partners! Git on down here and fill up that hungry belly! Giddy Up!
has 12,509 followers now!!!. video chat soon!!:)
Got 2 new tri-pods today for my HD camera!Super juiced to get out and film this week!
What a great start for your granddaughter!
#typicalGeminiTrait Love laughter!
I should upload this mad ass Bitch; lmbo that would be mean though
Speaking of TV, it's unbelievable how many shows have been cancelled... Lots of shows I watch! So annoying!!
Tron Guy still makes everyone happy. People line up to get their pics taken. Love it
Can't hate on anyone doing they thang . #MuchLove2Ya keep pursuing !
I suppose that is going to be the big question.
I love that!
In about a month ;)
hahaha I was freaking out when I got this!! But resurrections help a lot... Haha!
My film "An Affirmative Act" (stars Charles Durning/Costas Madolar/Eric Ettabari/Blanche Baker) now playing On Demand on Time Warner Cable!
Ok...two more donkaments and then my weekend of poker hell will be over...let's have a good score, please poker GODs!
Yeah, but he specifically said momentum does not exist in baseball.
WOW... BLAKE BATTLED for that ball and DJ with the Slam Dunk!!! #CLIPPERS down 2
A very BIG "Good Morning!" right back atcha!!!
Love: A temporary insanity curable by marriage. - Ambrose Bierce
I hope Rickie Weeks is ok.
it means that you should make a wish on it! Trust me-I'm part native american! 😉
Dell acquires SonicWall today! Big news!
Surely I'm not the only person who thinks Michelle Pfeiffer is sexier as Selina Kyle than as Catwoman.
Is higher education tuition and loans the next bubble to burst? Student Loan debt has exceeded $1 trillion. Tuition is through the roof too!
Still learning life's lessons. I guess it it never stops, huh?
I will be in NYC from June 7th to the 16th... Are you guys attending EditFest, or up for meeting outside it?
Nice to tweet-meet
RT : Never speak out of anger, Never act out of fear, Never choose from impatience. But wait... and peace will appear.//Amen!
Didn't they just get married a year ago or something?
I'm standing behind her,she bending over so I quess I'm playing Quarterback..Yup that's a 10/4
& need our own reality show like T.I & Tiny. #Love&Hip-Hop
Bill Romanowski looks like he should sound like Darth Vader, but he sounds more like Peter Brady.
B-NO - as long as our teams continue to be sponsored by fizzy piss-water, i'll be drinking something else.
i have a job interview @ taco bell
How freaking difficult can it be to get the phone number of my pharmacy off the internet? Apparently very.
This salon soo gloomy
RT : Real success always comes from the inside and spreads outward.
tHE RING IS SO PRETTY!
It's hard to believe the past sometimes. Trying to convince yourself that didn't happen.
Not only is Barack Obama spiking the football, but he is doing a traditional Kenyan dance in the end zone. Awful.
I hate when the bottom of my pants leg get wet from the rain eew!
About halfway to Florida, keep us company and tweet us question and we will answer them all. Ask us any question at all
Thanks. Started return a few days ago, now get nothing when I log in. Possibly logging into old acct? Or just gone?
RT My staff does most of the work taking care of our church today. It is my job to see to the church of tomorrow!
What does that have to do with anyhting!? haha random
You didn't tell me you were popping, too! Fearing I now know cause of my debilitating pain: caffeine loss.
PJ Styles in the house with a rockin' pink tie. Tune in to hear what the fourth judge has to say about American Idol tonight on Fox27
Because white penis straws are rap around with cheese.. uilll.. Thats a white penis straw for you
*throws up*
you are very good trent
went to sleep phone had a full battery, woke up phone was dead o.0
Many people these days seem open minded and like more than 1 genre of music!
It made her cry! :)
On the #Mariners, the umpires show pity.
tn limited ticket
Uh, yeah.": So. Is it too early to talk about how many All Stars the M's should have? And how much W Series tix cost these days?"
Enjoying judging the Ruinart Competition today! DC competitors look great!
Should I make this account MostDopeMahomies or keep it my personal....
What Up Twitter?
First Libya. Is Syria next? We can not afford this.
James Harden Swag
#ComedyAwards an awards show thats actually funny for once.
Well, I'm not going to pay full price to find out. :p
Looked that album up on Amazon, couldn't find anything. Not a qualified entry, but a good pun indeed!
It was just one Little thing, calm down.
haha! I was filming as well. We were going past our wrap time, but I didn't mind. I <3 it! That's what I meant!
Yes we do!
Can't worry bout a niqqa who ain't worried bout me
that's Teddy Jill i'm just sick over that story about Mitt God I hate him!!!!!
Madea's Big Happy Family! BYRANNNNNNNNNNN...N i sound like a SSSIIIIRREEEEENNNNNNN!
If you're worried because I didn't get you an Xmas gift, let me put your mind at ease. I'm fine.
Hey hey! Thanks man
Sis is officially in Indiana
I rather see you happy with someone else than be unhappy with me.
Listening to Quincy jones exploration of Henry mancini CD. Loving the orchestration. Merry Christmas all.
Father's Day is around the corner. We have a $99 Golf + Massage Pkg! Betcha he may like that. :)
Not the best but how are you guys today?
it just makes no sense. who wants a non-gay "gay" network??
Motivation is the key to success belief is next so chase it
Early news on Mariano's injury sounds REALLY bad... He'll go for an MRI but it's sounding like his season, and most likely career, is over..
Haha, I always imagined he would be. There's an idiosyncratic nature there that just can't be faked
Don't tell me if I'm dyin, cause I don't wanna know.
RT : A&Rs ain't in the streets. I'm forced to follow them on Twitter.
Imagine a world where businesses would know what they are doing. Things would colapse
Manning to Manningham!!
It's about time to pack up and go home. Looking forward to a 3 hour drive home with 4 Middle School Students.
Nootropics by Lower Dens - I Rock Cleveland | Indie Rock, College ...
The first accomplish everything; the second oppose everything; the third fail in everything. Eclectic Magazine
we could belong that.
wearing antler-wings made of bones in my hair, not had to spot ;)
NBC expanded Summer #Olympics camera coverage! The world will finally get to see Chess Boxing.
What do you mean!? Embrace your culture! Wear your Clogs!
Last student meeting! Recapping #aam2012, a good time had by all.
thanks for the mention.
I'm so confused, i don't know what is more important..but something is going to change😓
5 More Years of the only guy on ESPN that gives a crap about Hockey, ! Horray!
what songs should me and cover?
Generic lady announcer. Good sign
a lot of them left everything to escape Castro on rafts though - I agree that its free speech though.
In Miami today and the locals are feeling the cold at 64f, yesterday it was 82f.
thats awsum G.ima b puttin out more music soon as hell.The music on there that u hear is all at my crib except 1 song is studio
thanks for the follow, you've got some real passion in your tweets. Heroes - VIllains... it's all about interpretation isn't it?
Space Jam?
Hates it when men act like kids!!!
Make that eight homers allowed in 20.2 IP for Tommy Hunter in his career at Rogers Centre.
“: Fav #MotleyCrue Song?” has to be "looks that kill"
Well, after driving a distance equal to the length of Indiana as a state, i've finally arrived at my final educational destibation... yay...
Super high energy in your paintings... I love them!
were listening to ourselves, always, but is prolly better than us. ;) love those guys.
"Is calling a girl 'shorty' still cool?" --New Girl
TBCC and by these BETCHES i mean dudes to! Cuz a real man can cook a meal plus youll get more booty too!
That's what I was gonna bring anyway!
Poor Charlie. At least no cone of shame.
I absolutely respect the guy for staying out there...but I'm fine taking my chances against a gimpy Aaron Cook.
First t-storm of the year isnt dampening my enthusiasm. to see Still hope he gets hit hard.
Just got approved for kickstarter! Time to start living up to our St. Pete hometown status and beg for some funding <3
To be honest.. I miss waking up to your sweet texts in the morning.
Contradictions are what make us human
still cant move my hips......
you should say because this is everywhere north of San Francisco and west of Chicago
Somehow never got over it.
Focus on the process, not on the result.
RT " That's not my department" maybe the most over used phrase ... and the most infuriating ...
If you like #Downtonabbey rent Upstairs Downstairs and/ or The Duchess of Duke Street.
DD with BC!
Thanks Vets. We like what you gave us and promise to take care of it.
omg yummy! save your daughter some hahaha<3
is my inspiration for not giving up on my dream #dreamchaser til i collapse
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
We have locally screen printed shirts displaying, "You are nothing without feminist art." Sizes hot and plush.
haha well duh it's probably funny be amazing! Haha no pressure though(;
RT : I may go eyeliner 4 my nxt management mtg. Eyeliner could B the power tie of ths decade. Or the next pink slip.
M...just manually Froyo'd my Droid. Now to grab Google 'Chrome to Phone'!
< wouldn't a way to balance budget be to eliminate perks for past house and senate members that common citizens don't have?
douglas kept pushin me today .
I think you'll be okay, unless your afternoon DCs(cokes) equate to 2 gallons a day... on the other hand...
OH Now I want CalTort.
Did you miss us last night? Yes, yes you did. One more nov. show next Saturday record archive 1pm
Important night for the #Warriors... need one more loss to drop into a tie for 7th-worst record.
Send it into overtime !!!!! Please!!!!
This girl is so fucking beautiful
Not sure I understand the meat illustration on that last slide
Ohai, my names Jamie. And according to where you are I'm elsewhere. This goes perfect with the babies were gonna have.
Did I just hear the epic Beach Boys performance I was waiting for would include Foster the People and Maroon 5??? Disappointing.
Sean Putman. Excellent topic!
#Celtics survive without Rondo!
#SayfieMeetup Las Olas event was great. Had first up close & personal chat with a Tea Party leader. I liked her!
“: Dougie: You and and my 14yr old niece are all crazy for The Wanted. Nothing else in common. ” LMAO
u shuda neva brought her up. . .datz all ima really say bout it. . .
religion class #KindaMissingOldSchedule!!! :(
God morning! I hope you all have that feeling that it's gonna be a great day like I do. Oh! Follow too (:
u pretty smart,... Lol
MT : Tears of joy by many community members after today's #prideflag vote. Obvious that this momument means a lot to D3
=] RT : Currently chatting with a librarian. I can also call, email, tweet, or text! WOAH! Go :)!
Tough weekend but very PROUD of our #RIT Tiger hockey teams!
discovered yesterday that Target has knockoff Gap city flats for $13 vs. $40. Not quite as comfortable, but about same quality.
Independent Consultants! I know you'd LOVE an opportunity to advertise your products/services to thousands of women on YOUR budget!
Everyday is going by so fast...
Good start, lets hope the American people are smart enough to give you a chance to do more
"Woe to you lawyers! For you have taken away the key of knowledge; you did not enter yourselves, and you hindered those who were entering."
Watching #OfficeSpace for obvious reasons. ;)
I need to change my ringtone and text tone
okay, no I got out earlier and its cool if you can't, I just really want to see you.
You are welcome.My birthday is on the 7 of March.
RT since when is having sex with someone "just hanging out"? what fucking world do you live in?
I've had a stomach ache for 2 days now. This is a bit more than nervous stomach I'd say
We're in support of #SOPA and #PIPA strikes ... just too tech-inept to know how to blackout the zinefest site & tweets.
awesome, thanks!
Thanks Jason!
“Not everything that is faced can be changed. But nothing can be changed until it is faced.” -James Baldwin
Let us drive! We will risk the roads to deliver you your favorite meal! www.wausautogo.com
Golf is out…you are holding my clubs hostage. ;) So my new hobby is drinking. Well, thats not so new, but it has a renewed focus.
me, myself and I. lol
Did you catch the Country Music Awards last night? Who was your favorite winner?
hey happy birthday to you and me and the best birthday pressent would be to get just one tweet from you! please make my dream?
Boys were interviewed for their participation in the Ride of Silence- check them out on at 11 or fox 27 at 10!
Thanks for the RT. The proposed beautification sounds wonderful. Side note: I may need that Georges on Fifth deal :)
8 days. :D
"Those who hear not the music think the dancers mad"
your white for a reason so don't act like you black -.-
Sometimes, I just wanna slit your throat open and take your voicebox out that way you'll never talk again. Yep, I said it.
Just dropped my IPhone cracked the entire back of it...wow this is terrible
Not always the case, but smart! Why someone would post a listing without a picture is beyond me...
I pray for all those people that were involved with the earthquake and the hurricane hope you guys are doing good
LA countdown:) 15 days!!!!
I would in a heartbeat
I don't like this one bit. Third big time Christina is being put outside herself for others. But I get it. Identify with her.
I'll see ya there hopefully
hope it was helpful!!
The 'I Love Lucy' episode at The Brown Derby is by far the best thing ever.
Eminem sleeper star of #SuperBowl ads. I'm on my way to buy a car and drink some tea. #Lipton and
Tomorrow is day in NYC for anything but a cultus coolee (look it up in any dictionary),b/c OWS is headed for subways & 5 burroughs.
It's just one of those days little lady! Hope all is well with you :-)
shit about to head to fox and hound
a-my (a-mee) n. 1. tenacious, and talented. 2. hot
...Anticipating your music flooding our US airwaves.
"So alarm tones to those people who might think this is going to be used to bring people down by using alarm tones..."
yes. Same color as always.
we've had it for years :)
Top 10 Excuses Given This Week - Why My Tween Shouldn't Have to Read While on School Break. Let's review:
I'm going to watch a DVD, cause the stupid tv won't #Shutup!
Washington County BOS closed session to discuss annexation allowed by statute allowing for discussion of potential interlocal agreements.
Enjoyed the Iranian film "Circumstance" winner of Sundance Audience Award 2011. Forbidden attraction in Tehran, morality police & more
No one single audition will make or break your career unless you suck.
just Twitter family. Lol. Never really thought of having all these brothers and sisters. lmao.
Web 2.0 Michael Rubin GSI Commerce 75% of major retailer CEO's did not know what amazon prime was 2 yrs ago
good luck today!!!!! The show last night was AWESOME!
I hope this isn't spurred by spending your day in Madison WI...
3 days! looking forward to seeing you.
#sushitoDaiFor San Rafael is jammed packed 30 minute wait for a table of two
I live in NYC
It's necessary 4 the bus driver 2 yell at us 4 not moving fast enough & stare me down 4 letting a woman ahead of me?
Fact: when I can't sleep at night I listen to the podcast Design Matters. Turns out I find Debbie Millman's voice soothing.
Had a dream I had a real G convo with Nancy Botwin and I woke up feelin great
Congratulations to all my fellow graduates today! We made it:)
thank you for the #ShoutsBack Ray :D #verycool ! ~~~~rich
Believe in the ones that believe in you.
I need somebody to watch Hitch. Who's up on campus?
RT How hard is it to not fuck up an iced coffee? Take ice, add coffee. Sorry roomies and friends, but UG is the way to go
i want that in my face.
next time I'll will go
(A knitter, eh? I once wrote a lengthy paper on local knitting traditions as an expression of familial and regional bonds:-))
Hope your registrars don't see those bugs ;)
STOLE my crazy straw. That straw is mine!
#GoodMorning Happy Mothers Day to all the beautiful Mothers today. You deserve it. Enjoy.
We are a traditional #Chinese #Restaurant and we will be opening our doors very soon. Our location is
Since when did it become socially acceptable for you to fuck your girlfriend in the middle of the school hallway?
“: She goes strolling through the room like Peter Lorre contemplating a crime.” The Year of the Cat.
Pining for SUMMER
im tired as shit
LOL! I blocked my relatives. Too many rubber-neckers & hose nosers.
REO SPEEDWAGON, STYX & TED NUGENT is TOMORROW! It is time for my favorite season of the year.....ZOO AMP SEASON!
It was really suttle, and can only be seen after watching it multiple times. He's dirty
Should kof13 be best of 3 all the way through the tournament or should winners, losers, and grand finals be best of 5?
After an amazing weekend and some great new friends....heading home to see two of my favorite people tie the knot!
#ezzo WOrk on transition to Twin Types. LIke the Mellon plug. Hered Inst format issues.
I followed her!:)
used to fire people like the guy in 'up in the air'. One of the many similarities between him & George Clooney.
i'd probably have anger management if my mom wasn't such a bitch.. like, my mom being her is the only thing the doesn't make me lose control
Put your soft drinks on sale, boys. The cost of a 12-pack is obscene.
I'd love to teleport across country and have my morning coffee on Mom's deck in country Maine. That woman can make a story out of ANYTHING!
Today is going to be So Fetch.
omg that's SO GAY
If you're trying to connect with me on LinkedIn or Pinterest...good luck. ;)
From Sat, the good old days of MKE Bball RT waukee: Forty years ago, were the best in the basketball world...
congrats “: Can't believe we will be 3 in July....”
Oh yea... this is what its like to be a Dodger fan. We were almost starting to forget!
Yeah I'd fail that class for sure
yes sir ;)
:) how are you lately? Been wondering what your up to, hope all is well!
THIS. “: Is Google Drive actually a new product, or just a rebranding of the Google Docs filesystem with a desktop client?”
Gotta think that the right-wing overreaction to HCR passage plays badly with your everyday voter. The sun still rose today didn't it?
Battersea: coolest idea for a stadium in the history of football. Better even than using it in "Richard I."
New events at Larrys Villa Strip Club coming soon Host/DJ Cash Clown is setting Vegas on Fire
Unicorns are the most manly of mythical creatures
Finna watch the Avengers, hope this shid straight
The world of Entertainment is the world of business and as such, ignorance is never rewarded here.
I'm looking forward to our wedding...
Really hoping to get to 90% today. Who will put us over the top?
bat your eyes girl, get that drink!
Once this lockout is over and the season gets closer will be doing some fun things. More contests and giveaways.
does anyone else hate the indian people that take calls for companies? i can't understand them!! AHH i just wanna fix my computer!
For me, depends on the style. Curly, everyday. Straight... I won't say ;)
My waiter at Casa Grande just called me baby... 😳
I'm thinking it going to be Batista, I hope, anyway whatever it may be, its more exciting than wwe.
Hey all - broadcasting live in 15 minutes from WCUW 91.3 FM Worcester MA or www.wcuw.org streaming live- Jewish music.
"friends" who constantly make you feel like shit, arent real friends.
I was in a hurry toss'd it n my bag ):
Great! That's what college is about. Good friends and good times. :)
OMFSM. The pain. Not bad pain. Good pain. But it goes from my shoulders to my ankles. And, BTW, subspace is great for working out I found.
wish I could be there, follow anyways?
about to hit the stage (again) at The Legendary Dobbs( ) after opening for earlier at the Keswick ..
curated all the art by ArtStar and it looks amazing! stop by and snag yourself something pretty!
Rangers poised to win against the Caps? Somber? What a game last night! Phoenix game was pretty amazing too.Non-stop action!
I loved the Christmas video! I'm so proud of you!
Someday you'll regret losing me.
settings for Vignette app needs to save original so you can see full photo to edit later in another app.
#DailyQuote: "The dog was created especially for children. He is the God of frolic." - Henry Ward Beecher
RT : Better teachers tend to ask fewer questions with only 1 right answer. Their students are doing most of the asking
Party! RT : Seen on Prospect and Juneau at 9:32pm on Monday April 11, gentleman running completely naked. Completely. Wow.
Shit! You just had to crush my dreams, huh?
Long as Dez is off the board, I'm good with that RT Demaryius Thomas RT who the heck is Tampa taking at 5?
metal clips to the scalp + heat = a bad time
Omg at la luna negra n it is packed, but fun
on my new laptop!!! yea bitches ;*
How are my followers doing so far ?
Indications are the #Marlins will not pursue Prince, but the #Marlins are very interested and actively pursuing him.
#WeWontWork if you don't work Bitch get a fuckin Job
What if I replaced my heart with an excel spreadsheet years ago?
this song is actually on my radar
you are such a baller!!
welcome to buffalo!
This is a lot better than where we were on New Years Eve. Go BBN!
Such a delayed tweet week. We have been working on our new restaurant day and night! We would love your support!
Other than journalism we're the only industry that worries about our own death and things working to well (re: Librarians)
Between the clothing removal and x-ray scanners, I'm starting to think some of the airport security workers are closet perverts.
Insanity day 2 = dead!
#healthtip: Flossing helps remove the debris and plaque that stick to teeth and gums in between the teeth.
14-2...that's how you get it done DENVER!! Now keep it goin =) Love me some WITH THE THREE
If I click on the email link that I receive as being a member of your site, I don't expect to have to enter my login info every time.
down below.. 2 lips was brought together.... hahaha
We are kicking the Lock-Ins ass!
If you have not gotten ur FREE tix to our House Of Blues show on Sept. 5th, send us a DM with an address and ticket quantity.
got into iupui! second choice school, but still!
Youu guys are great.
Long week of school shows, voiceovers, auditions, and other business. Time for a friday afternoon nap. Sing me a lullaby? -T
Good morning! Hope you're having a good Tuesday...
I expect a review of 140 characters or fewer after a week. Deal?
Hey, I saw you retweeted my Graeber interview. You may be interested in another post I recently made:
are their environment easter eggs like the statue of liberty blow up in early
RT I was on the Traveling Science Club while in high school
Ah she made a funny nobody beats my ass Rt: He just called a me twitter whore . I'ma beat his ass when I see him ...
ah yes!! Isn't it this coming Thursday?! And what time?! I wanna come!! Who else is comin!
Hood Morning(<>)
FoLlOw Me
i'll give it a shot
You're on a trip somewhere every couple weeks right? I know...work, work, work! ; ) I'm going to Chicago w/fam early April!
80 degrees today in Seattle. It's gonna be a lovely day.
I see that you have a lot of packaging available do you work with FIBC's or Gaylord's?
check it out this week Thursday to Sunday. Milwaukee's own SXSW Wisconsin kicks butt thats why. check out www.theypmc.com
I think my body is shutting down forever. It's either Jappy Juice or the muscle relaxer the nice black guy gave me last night.
Just saw Kung Fu Panda 2.. Can't wait for KFP 3, the Panda Family reunion ...
Blended learning: untethering us from campus, from old notions, more flexible, higher satisfaction/engagement, learner centered
Bitch don't think you a star cause you paid 40 dollars extrabforbta weave this week
yet I'm accused of ignoring her
I'm absolutely loving the Patrick Melrose novels put out by Makes you laugh--and want to read--out loud.
LOVE THAT!
I'm hungry af.
No ticket on the dash I'm good.
yes, will tweet a picture of the dresses before I send them! must package them up later today!
I love you with all my fingers toes and every ounce of my blood. Haha and even more than that ♥
I seriously need my own fucking car.
Maybe it's just me, but I don't trust comparison charts provided by one of those being compared.
Rock and Roll.A.Blunt..
Crickets, crickets.
I'm FREE
I love all my tattoos..
Thanks Maggie for the tip.
is putting on the 2012 Oklahoma City Marriott South Asian Bridal Show March 11 stay tuned for details.
Where do you live now? RT : Oh, I love Wish I lived in Old Town so I could go more often.
Power's out again, down Sellwood-way. Wind-related, I assume. Our office needs a diesel generator, it would seem.
im pretty good! :)
BUS-TED. But seriously. Read some. I've cried from laughing.
Please help me find Molly!
after painting for the afternoon, i realize that i am a level two drawer and a level one painter.
probably because she's fat not conceited
Double, double toil and Kardashians!
Nothing,I'm just saying that so it would be to far from kim and ales place.
An English professor? Is that what I'm supposed to be doing, Lord? If so, I like it!
Why does he need 50 beautiful ladies???
actually id say thats not a bad wish list.
It's National Library Week (#nlw12) and the Big Read (#wehobigread) for us this week. So much going on!
Wolverines!! Red Dawn was awesome but Utah Valley baseball has won 26 in a row!
A reminder that Some Kind of Safari is TONIGHT @ the Alberta St. Teahouse at 7pm! Complimentary tea for attendees, donations accepted.
How can I start my new job at 10 and catch the "Ask Boswell" chat at 11? Prince Fielder. Really? Bye bye Zim.
still looking... hoping to land something now that a date is set
I'm with , & tonight. If any of you females got something to say, then say it to me. Guys night out!
Howdy, twitterland. I need one more person for BCB Fantasy Baseball! Do you want to play? First person to respond gets it.
im still me.RT if ur really bored n slpy.
Imagine twitter during the kayfabe area
I'm waiting for somebody to ask me how tall I am, so I can respond with, life-size.
lol Thursday just got even better!
Mexico in a month or so... Need some sun! How about you?
Going on vacation to San Francisco tomorrow morning. Burritos, here I come!
Remember, today is the last day to vote early in the 2010 primary run-off. You can find a list of voting locations at www.DalCoElections.org
Thanks for spreading the buzz about
It was stolen at WORK!
without my parents there would be no dewdrop.
He's really, really trying to be MJ.
The last North Carolina constitutional Amendment about marriage was 1875 when they banned interracial marriage.
Big Donkey doesn't come through again
if you have the hard copy of our album, the lyrics to it are in there.
Just had a great skype session between Saundra Mitchell, author of Shadowed Summer and my students
& everybody wonders why I can't keep no female as a friend. They all triflin' and nasty. Get on somewhere with that shit. Pah!
pretty good. about to do some shovelling:)
- hey buddy, you need to follow me so I can DM you
Getting really close with #OksanaG... mostly just revisions and reflections at this point.
Baahaha This year, the Oscars took me by surprise. I didn't make any! :/
ELVIS:The Show Goes On performed by Doug Wilson and the TCB Band of Ohio at The Paramount Sat. Sept. 10. Tickets at box office or online.
Cloverfields on, :D
thank you! ^ag
shhhh! Don't tell spring that it's here already! You'll scare it away.
Now Following ;)
If the Husqvarva dude has all this kick ass equipment, why's he let his yard turn into a shithole? What do the neighbors think?
I think you may have to send out a pic of the dish when it's finished. Just so we all know you're not just teasing us.
I laughed too! It was just so perfect for him. Inge is probably still smirking on the inside at least
My Google search results have changed! See my new results at vizibility.com/laurengardiner - From t.vizibility.com
Started talking about the illuminati & the end of the world & my dad chimes in with "Lou Malnati's Pizzeria is good."
Randomly started listening to your "Before The Future EP" and So far so dope.... Keep it going yo.
YES , WAIT AND WAIT FOR THE NEW SIGNLE OF pLEASE ALREADY PREMIERE THE NEW VIDEO MARRY THE nighT i lOve GagA♥♥♫♫ !"!$/b
Aw, next time for sure!!! Had a blast, I can't wait to hang out with you again! :D
Day 2 of 3, let's hope for the best...
let me know if I can help at all
Did you know that Saturday is National Platypus Day? Agent P is in the house this Friday!! Learn the Platypus Walk before the show!
Idk , what if weirdos see it and like save it lol. D;
Hope you are having a great, and relaxing fun time with yours truely! :) Take care
Friday greeted me with a mash up of Lady Gaga's "Edge of Glory" and Foster the People's "Pumped Up Kicks" in my brain... what?
Somedays were enemies , somedays we love each other , others were bestfriends , than other days I can't even explain . Your different
V-cube is featured on the frontpage of www.tradeport.org, a leading organization connecting worldwide product distributors.
Like, school?
The lesson in the Erie County Executive race? Gov't is NOT a business, it's a means by which to meet peoples' needs. So Long, King Collins!
Hmm. Time for a new twitcon?.
lame ass hell boy lol
Thanks Sara. I appreciate that.
I'm loving your coupon tweets! I'm using the Jamba Juice one today. Thanks :)
Two Words: Wait, what?
DUDE ME AND MAC TOTES JUST SAW THAT CRAZY BLONDE CHICK FROM ZUMBA AT EL TORITO
One person who doesn't know his/her HIV status is one too many. Text KNOW to 20222 to donate an HIV test in
The way I looked yesterday >>>
thanks! It was a rough labor & delivery but the outcome made it all worth it:) hope your baby is doing great!
Shower then doing this math paper 😒
Paul said, "I am ready not to be bound only, but also to die ..for the name of the Lord Jesus."~Acts 21:13
eat snacks motherfucker eat snacks
i gotta put that on facebook lol
haha yes omG im so excited!
Thank you for clearing that up. My mistake. I appreciate it when people can comment with out being nasty. Thank you.
Praying for people in Dallas...I don't want to ever know what that feels like.
It's not the dress that makes you look fat. It's your fat that makes you look fat.
So nice to meet you tonight, and Congratulations again!
Turned my alarm off instead of pushing snooze. Whoops. Good thing this final is online.
odd future is NOT coming to Saint Louis!
Done with all the Whitney Houston coverage. No one gave a shit about her for 15 years-except to make addiction jokes but now we all care?
you're so welcome!
So exciting! You're gonna do awesome, Krissy. :)
I'm in need of an agent bad ! I have so much talent I don't know how to get it out to hollywood ! HELP! I need an AGENT!
soon son gotta get my money rite .
Thank you for following Suburban Cowboys! FYI we are in Chicago this Thursday night at LaSalle Power Co,!
Laidback Luke After Party tonight & bring tix stub for free cover at both venues!
This Nigga 2 Chainz on everybody song right now
Congrats to for winning FeBROary
im so jealous!
and then I send like 20 tweets a minutes and lose a follower... lol awkward
The more I work with clients, the more I firmly believe that if you can't say it in markdown, you shouldn't say it at all.
Hey ! Where can I pick up a pair of #skidzies? Do they come in different colors? Love the late night desk.
you're tweets get sent to my phone
Loved the intense rainy day though it went away as quickly as it appeared.
hm. very well then
It depends on what race it is.
movies like State Property hahaha
drizzy drake killed it on fuse tv
>>> cristiano ronaldo Soccer skills against the heat lolol
Bergamot Station for the Home.Sweet.Home Gerald Slota/Neil La Bute exhibit.
wow.. but I was talking to Maurice and they had a trainer meeting Tuesday he said we ain't gettin no bonus fam...
Alshire commends court for process, suggests #atxcouncil was not as transparent
He fits like a glove around here! :)
things n Alexandria r good. been a hot couple of days. getting ready 4 next year. should b a good 1. hope alls well n Chicago
Thanks, love!
That (retweet button) works too!
Christopher finally woke up
four day you rested.
:o That's so stupid, u're not old.
haha! it will be. your austins toe best friend! ;D
i think you'll enjoy it :) me and johnathan are also releasing an ep for a totally new project! should be out by fall :)
Yeah that word does not exist anymore
Going to see American reunion wit my niggas
Thx for sharing the news!
What did she do to make u feel like u feel rite now???
yeah we can only try!:(
as long as he is a triple threat - singer, actor and dancer :))))
Feed my sheep. No problem.
We have a few main topics in today's chat. #Q1 - Audience expectations of online & on-site experiences. #Q2 - connectors.
"Changes" by Bowie just came on shuffle. Next song: a cover of the same tune by Seu Jorge. Is there a poltergeist in my ipod?
Happy Hump Day too all Tweeps!!
She wants more time and less excuses
welcome to Philly!
RT “: Dating your Ex again is like buying your clothes back from Goodwill...there’s a reason you got rid of it in the first place.
sounds good hmu
What are your predictions for Dancing with the Stars Season 9 Week ...
Still thinking about #InTheUpperRoom performance on Friday night. Just amazing! Blew me away.
Praise Him.
I want some cake a big fat cake ! #FatStatus !
hi Kate. I was just being sassy last night. has that effect on me.
Ain't too proud to bee
I need a temporary home for a stray dog I found tonight! I'm plastering WeHo with signs tomorrow, but my dogs are going crazy! Please HELP
Agreed: I had to plug my laptop into my stereo system, hope they fix it!
Yes! It's rich-people drama. And I'm ashamed that I got sucked in. I blame this bar.
"We were made to be lovers bold in broken places, pouring ourselves out again and again until we're called home."
Wish my life was like the movie Grease it seems so fun!
Thanks!! Glad to be in the struggle with you.
why do i always burn my fingers with lighters...
Its call age of the beast on the kickstarter Web site under new projects lanuch
Drink the koolaid RT : The vanquished are supposed to fall in line and follow the anointed lea
Josh Gibson, Double Duty Radcliffe, Satchel Paige, and #Buck100 would be my choices for dinner!
come on over to the TOP house, girl. We've got plenty!
bored as hell..seriously need new ppl to tlk to -.-
Salty is completely sucking. Varitek would have made that.
yup yup here@ Wk...
Can't wait to start working again
Case of the Mondays? Beat the blues with fresh, new art at Touchstone Gallery! Metro accessible: 9th & NY Ave NW. Stop by before happy hour!
too bad being a ginger isn't considered a #legitimate lifestyle
It would be a treat to see NFL explain to the London franchise that it's playing a Thursday night game in SD though
I think you are in your own boat for Tannehill. I respectfully disagree with you on the guy as well
I feel your pain! :-(
is it tonight or next week we are not meeting? Maddie said it was tonight... I thought it was next week.
I'm thinking Bev Hills - I'll call you in a bit. Would some info be helpful?
Going to lunch !!!!!, I'm not hungry I'm just going to sit at the table alone :(
thanks fellas!
: Hi There! I hear you are working on some 'Weather' related #LinkedData? What's up? /cc
Everyone is skem is a load of me fucking ass
we'd like to invite you to attend our Builder Exchange event - it would be great to get your insight there.
Oh and who am I not following back? So I can do that whole follow back thing
Nothing screams PUT ME ON TV like "I haven't made up my mind yet."
Cause I could see u workin there. It would be hot!!!!!!!!!
hey pimpin is your rap name X Da Don?
Great presentation today at #parallels - I love data and the power it has, your presentation was empowering!
Thank You! Be full of hope & expectation today! After all, it is the day that the Lord has made!
You find yourself a big thick hard dick to play with yet????
Serousrly can't go 2 days with out fighting or pissing her off 😠
omg haven't been on this account in forever...
Hey Sara hw have u been?
Do you think Catty has her own twitter handle?
I've seen the bottom and the middle. I'm just trying to make it to the top.
Oh man I just saw the BEST anti-marijuana PSA. Like goddamn was that straight out of the 70's?
Gary Hayes Social Media counts, items on various forms of social media, as you watch - and projects into future wp.me/ps3nS-rY
Good Morning Fans! TGIF!!!
Nothing like booking biz poolside! "wi' my mind on my money, an' my money on my mind!" while gettin' a tan...
so gorgeous!!
gotta be dedicated thats the problem with music now days
So they really playing swag surfin on the radio?!?!? *changes station*
yup, and you're my favourite asian.
He who cures a disease may be the skillfullest, but he that prevents it is the safest physician. Thomas Fuller
Ladies Tank Tops available this Monday @ www.SnoClothing.com Stay Tuned....
Just watched "Milk." So good. I cried. Also, thinking about growing a moustache.
Thanks, Chris!! (: : happy birthday Kelsey!
Watched "The New Girl" w/ Zooey Deschanel. I was desperate for another sitcom, but was kinda disappointed in the pilot episode.
MSNBC will have some competition on the left as Keith Olbermann and a raft of contributors join Current TV
yes, of course. How often do I read a bad book? hm? My taste is exquisite :)
I don't care what says, you're alright in y book
3 hour power outage: good excuse for staff "holiday" lunch (Happy Pi Day!), office cleaning, and uninterrupted conversations.
I miss you! Hope you're having a splendid
Let us know if you need any help! We have a ton of scholarships on our website that need homes ;)
you spelled "feeding" wrong
Thanks & sorry lol
They're just jealous.
At the airport about to board for Seattle...
the files are too big for me to send . . . Breeze pose to pick them up sometime
nahh I dont think so coach said he thinks its just bruised I should be good
That's my opinion of the day! :) Enjoy the rest of your Tuesday everyone and watch Lost tonight!!!
You Betcha!! RT : Wouldn't u love for Sarah Palin 2 be your hist teacher? Not 4 the knowledge, but purely 4 comedic purposes
"intrusively intimate commingling among attracteds" was pretty good too, lol
"#Facebook rewards conversations." "Social media is a conversation." - Stratten of on the #vocus conference
youre too awesome ha. i just hope he checks out my video and says damn this is dope lol. how was he live?
wanna hear a joke? :)$
how did this happen?!? I feel pathetic now.....
Now let's go back to talking about jobs and the economy, please! From now on, no more distractions, please!
I missed it. How bad was it?
thanks for kill'n the shit
Thanks Kali, hope to see you soon!
crack head thieves.
I have a huge following Dr Goddess. I will help you get the names you need to sign the names on this petition. I like ur cause.
Has Gonzo caught up to a fastball this season? Looks awful.
maybe I'd get you palms if I didn't have 2 papers to write
Learn about the Nati Riots, youtube/ Nati Riots
If you're late to the game, Azealia Banks flows hard--definitely going to get big. Check out her song "212" if you haven't.
drivin w no shoes on >>
who maxes out on 2 types of squats 5 days before conference......
Buying my warped ticket tomorrow
One direction is famous because of their looks not their talents
#PeopleNeedToStop emailing me things that have to get done today when I'm home sick from work.
Are athletes just not caring about money anymore? Cliff Lee, Andrew Luck, Carmelo...? Anyone?
I'm slightly less excited about Jay Bruce cereal bowl night on Sunday.
OMG Ryan Gosling saved me from a burning building, carried me across hot coals, and cured my deadly disease!
Trig was adopted?
Free Google Local Map listing with each new website, up to 2 pages. Contact us at (949) 407-6253
and i will let you choke on the noose around your neck. Such a great song(;
thank you for the mention!
lol that's cute.
can the boys give a shoutout to Nicole D from new York and #asktheboyz if they are going to do a call me maybe video:) 34
Follow Friday.
Loving today - they have some really nice schwag (Gunnerkrigg Court! QC!), and they have responsive & great customer service. <3
Want a comp'd kids pass to TerrorTown2011? Text 'TERROR' to 99000 to get one!
It will cost $751,527,715 to run this City next year. That is about $2,000,000 a day. Well, it is a big City. [1945]
oh u not going to follow me anymore...lol...dont let that show fool ya...i knew you before ur head got all swole nucca.
"trolls...you know what to do" is the best line ever. followed by "ball so hard". you're the best!
shit chillen, trying to find me a job and maintain...
#FF follow the movie making waves in #filmmaking and good friends of mine ;)
did everyone leave that late? Lol
very impressed with the new blackberry 10 phone......!!!!!!
I can't wait to get rite im time for me to move .I miss my brother can't wait to live
Memphis Tennessee here i come!
Hi! I do have a lot of crazy ideas...but I'm not sure which one you're talking about. Could you narrow it done for me? :)
Indians vs. A's game tonight. RHP Gomez goes up against A's RHP Cahill
my dog has the most annoying bark ever
Dear people that built this house, WHY would you put a window in my restroom!? Sincerely, it feels like someone's watching..
We'll be turning off lights & AC and turning on the tiki torches. What are your #Earth Hour Plans?
some sick blocks in this #ucla - #florida game
Things you don't hear people say anymore... Let me go get my beanbag.
If everybody smoked loud then the shit would be cheap ....
I hate psychology!!
I don’t think I could possibly make you doubt yourself, unless you had the unnatural talent for being wrong most of the time.
Hey guys, plz follow me. ! If u do i will tell selena gomez offical to RT u! WOW or what!?
don't perpetuate misinformation.No such thing as a federal citizen.if ur born n 1 of the 50states,ur a natural born citizen
dont get me started.
Are you a Mac or PC person?
me too
y'all need to do one of y'alls originals during #12daysofburnham like Chasing Lizzy or GLOW IN THE DARK! Please???
you're still a pussy bitch
what is next for you? Have you gotten any record contract calls? You were fantastic and totally deserved the win last night.
We need to get some scores and details. Call me at 577-2529. Thanks.
thanks for the gTalk tip - just had a family videochat w/ grampa, daughter, & Buttons
"He who says he can, and he who says he can't are both usually right." - attributed to a couple of people.
“: Damn when u around real niggas u start to duplicate #realniggashit”.... That's why u been jockin my swagg!!
Social Media Tip: Be sure to add a "call to action" at the end of all your blog entries & video posts; it makes your content more engaging.
Head to Salzburg later this week: trying to change the world one student at a time. But it's giving blood to do it!
It seems as if I have been hacked, disregard anything sent to you from my account :-)
Just bought plane tickets for Seattle!!!
I agree with Rashard Mendenhall...he's spot on about 9 11...I dunno about all that "God" stuff though. LOL
Trust The Instinct
oh gawd that will take forever for me!!!
Don't mourn the lost years -- look forward to all of the brussel sprout filled years you have in front of you!
Alice Cooper and Slash performing "School's Out" at #goldengods right now.
There is no Challenge more challenging than the challenge to improve yourself. Michael F. Staley Need #coaching?
Couldn't wait to get going But wasn't quite ready to leave
Thank You
Will someone help me with followers?
WHOOP WHOOP AWSOME ED AND TAYLOR WORKING TOGETHER.
Go Gus. You have done a lot for agriculture in #WV. Being recognized dinner now.
Big Day for parents across the nation! Final Florida vote and big news coming out of California!
you keep givinng tebo credit 4 just winning, but wanna take all the credit away from Flacco when he wins.. Double standard
Looking 4 qualified reps w/ appreciation 4 tech & how it improves baseball instr. Would sell to baseball academies in US
ME TOO. Even more so when they're staff.
Can everyone please follow me on KEEK - missmahonex
I think the word "boyfriend" is such an impersonal term. I don't like it.
he's got no idea what's coming..
Janet from Chicago joining late. Healthcare call center background including patient adherence and clinical trials.
for dinner tonite! Dreaming about the Freaky Edamame!
RT My bestfriend passed away about a year ago. His name is IAN JENKINS his foundation must go on
Rappers talkin bout they CEO's with no type of publishing distribution or budget jokers
Happy Good Friday and Passover Cincinnati!
Me:i think I'm having a heart attack. : why? Me: cause Glee! : CALL 411 PAIN!
By far the youngest person in this movie. Oh well!
leave work now I wanna play
very sad. EMP's are our future
Haii, everyone thats following me please follow my other account thanks i love you guys never forget that <3
Just because someone doesnt have that many followers doesn't mean that they dont love Austin ss much as those with a lot of followers
Please stay tuned for future updates, announcements, and events. For bookings contact our manager: .
dear earthlings..
People living deeply have no fear of death.
#NowPlaying: #Electronic and Indie music on Skull Candy hosted by #NicoleD'Angelo
Who doesn't love a good cover??
I MISS YOU. i'm sure school's mega busy but holy shiiiii we need to see each other:)
Mt. Carmel HS (PA) was the last #HSFB team to reach 800 wins. That was last season.
i want six more tatts.. then
Thanks your really sweet (:
Sun is coming up over the farm...doesn't get much better than this!
Awake is definitely worth attention. Great show, but yr illustration doesn't do Jason Isaacs justice.
smirkenstein "I'm not a modern artist. I mean, my work comes from an older place." David Best on his Burning Man temples:
holy damn!!!!
well my mom is on her way with KFC! and me to im so hungry!
CHILLIN WITH MY DAUGHTERS TODAY LOVING THE PARENT LIFE
On Wisconsin! with a pick 6 on Dalton.
The only good thing about planking is that eventually someone will end up on a Tosh.0 web redemption.
#iLoveWhenYou tell me im beautiful everyday
Oh damn! :-) RT : Tonight I'm Gonna Put My Body On Your Body!
“: describe the perfect girl for you!” I dont have a perfect girl just as long as she loves me for who I am. :)
thanks for sharing, we thought this was an interesting question to ask yourself as a #smallbiz owner
Unencumbered... Ah...
m. im gonna eat pizza
How ignorant is he who knows all but not himself. ~Validivar
I thought I was having a bad night. However, I then realized I'm not Will Ryhmes.
They wnt give me the time of day for sum reason.... I wonder y ???
I liked Nick Cannon better when he was doing 12 jobs he wasn't good at..opposed to just one...
I know she told me :)
Oops! haha. soo funny. nothing like putting a condom on your head and walking in in people having sex! haha.
ah yeah!!! And let's not forget mister high five station!
God, I hate school.
Topic for Eng 103 is procrastination. I am reading about it while I have done it. I am reading it at the last minuit.
55 degrees? Come on Pittsburgh! Bring on the sun!!!
Loney's pick right there on Hart..
LOL You should just stay in the crib then...
So. Fucking. Horny.
I'm mad deshawn raw is battling Chris rock on battle parody 4 lmao
One would assume that if the Dolphins believe they won't get Manning they've made some behind the scenes (wink) contact with Matt Flynn.
hung over and horny. Hbu?.: GM! How u?
:3 I know
haha what the f... U talking about freak!
Tend to make the wrong decisions at the right time.
thanks for another great season of bringing #nascar to the masses ... great work by you and the #PRN team!
you are my
aw <3 now I love you even more. :*
": I'd fight Mayweather if I could get all my school loans and parent's home paid off...lol" i cosign bro. Lol
"music's the only thing that makes sense anymore man. Play it loud enough, it keeps the demons at bay"
hey whats up hit me back..
Speaking at Robert Morris College at their Culinary Symposium tomorrow. Little nervous...wish me luck!
Listen. I'm alone at a crossroads. I'm not at home in my own home.
I'm glad you joined us :)
Why is year 10 r.e so much harder to get your head around than the year 11 one?.
very nice!!!!! LOL
#IfTwitterWereHighschool Then the Bird Flu craze would've made sense.
People are like songs, everyone has their own beat, but some are stolen & try to act like other songs.
Knowing you, it'll look super legit!
when will be here
Slide along side, yeah, baby thats right. Im gonna show you the time of your life.
Keep on dreamin' even if it breaks your heart.
I'm going with #hanson in the Derby!!
Sometimes I'm really annoyed by the way people ask questions here ending with "go". "What's your favorite (blah, blah) and go!" WTF?
Hope your day gets better :)
me and sorge have been texting all night
Moderately and highly active people live more years diabetes-free than people who don’t exercise.
How long you gon be in town mane?
lol your stupid. :P
"Team of Destiny wins it all" in Superbowl XLIV. Congrats Saints!!!! Visit us online at www.vancouverwahotel.com
Banh mi sammie w/ vetiver > kristen schaal > sir richard bishop in gallery installation > sound carving with nils' pedals > mountain man ...
I have. Very tasty!
My daddy askd me why my lips so.white at the bottom. Lmaoo
Folks done came home & I've been hit up the last few days
Never been. It was more a commentary on what's news vs. publicity. Different strokes...
Let's kick it my dude
Now drink up, if you know what's good for ya!
Laying in bed watching say yes to dress this show never gets old :D
Y'all remember pogs?
I may or may not be working with a broken knee.
RT : I don't think it's cool that Kim Kardashian called Khloe a “troll.” “Tranny” woulda been much funnier!
Bitch, moan, and complain (to myself)
Playin' some gran theft auto- balled of gay tony!
Ok maybe it's me but why are these girls going to school with book bags and purses?
... and I know I'm missing some more! #CASE Indiana
2103093139 follow my other page im deleting this one
if u sign up for it u got to create a user name and password what u can remember. If its taken u got choose another one
Fixed Popbumper on F-14 & 2 stand up targets, soldered upper right flipper power winding Flattened mini playfield shim on Dr Who
If you missed our interviews today (Mark Schlereth, Clint Barmes, Dan Hawkins, or Joel Quenneville), check the podcast! thescore1510.com
It should not be legal to be awake right now.
Good alley oop plays
already had you entered!
Gave a little Chardonnay to my palm tree today..don't judge, hell he deserved it.
. I was the 11th pick of 12... Had some big Free Agent moves that helped.
These little kids cutting me up screaming Hallelujah like we in church lmbo I can't stop laughing
HAPPY THANKSGIVING from all of us at B! Enjoy the holiday & we'll be here for your shopping munchies! Friday & Sat 12pm-8pm, Sun 12pm-5pm
Life can be so much easier if you put more faith in your abilities.
So, its two days before Christmas... I'm more upset that I have piles of clothes EVERYWHERE and no time to do anything about it.
Hectic day!!! but its not over.... just got super upload speeds for our servers so we're gonna b able to service our clients 15X faster!!
Thanks -- we're on it!
Why does every rapper smoke weed???
Hey there, you remember me.? I'm the girl you left for her.
Congrats to my son, coach Law, the Pup, for a state championship season in Texas. Way to go man.
Yesterday the #city was so
Huge series win vs texas !
Back in the studio tomorrow -- ALL DAY -- looking forward to Nutella and animal crackers!
cold and wet at Camden Yards tonight, and not off to a good start
I hope Ware is ok!
I love everything about
Bike commuting for 2 years has really changed my life, at least in terms of my work and exercise habits.
Bleachers make my butt hurt.
Just finished a day of 10 hours on the phone. What was your day like?
yummy :) awesome lunch girl!
"A guy asks a girl - You ever have magic sex? Girl says, No, what's that? Guy says we fuck, then you disappear ...Tada Bitch.""
+ with all the rain, the grass is finally nice enough for bare toes. totally into it.
Celebrating #Easter morning blasting !! No one will ever steal the joy I have in Christ! God Bless Everyone! #HeIsRisen!!
So EXCITED we won. Can't wait to see these highlights! What a great day! I'll be at TD for Game 2.
RT : I'm not saying she's a slut, I'm just surprised that Facebook has not made her vagina a place to "check in" yet.
do they have any with enough stretch to wrap burrito style? If not, guess there are tacos in my future!
every adversity brings an equal or greater opportunity, knowing this is half the battle won. AS
My mind is a weapon of mass construction.
anything you are passionate about can turn into something great - just start doing it and be unique check too!
just submitted to two workshops with two conference submission to go. Now back to studying for prelims.
Nice meeting you tonight! Let me know next time you are having the Africa Roundtable!
i wonder y lol
why didnt i ever get my code for the free weapons like the doa-12 and stuff for pre ordering
oh my god same here. im trying next week.
lol Justin briber is not gonna be there! So looks like ur not going..
U on that team alone Chris
Bleh why do things have to be sold out 😞
no I so not have any plctures of your mom.you will have to ask her for one
Hey check this out its free! good for spreading the word about your music!
Romney sweeps the South Pacific!
Not feeling the anouncers at the clippers game.
which one? bueller?
Congrats, Roger!
Knowing the difference between right & wrong is one thing, showing it in your actions is another.
Missed the bus, get to stay home from school.
Get your paddles ready! It is time to give and make a difference. #SEIPDX #WellsFargoHere+Now
haha, I'm good, about to go to sleep lol. (:
Welcome back OSBLN members:
how is your article related to deliberate indifference?
Hi Diane! Just to show support here! I just got a "fake" tweet from your account. Hope you can solve this quickly. Good Luck!! All the best!
Fresh out the shower! Like a boss xD
congrats, boo! I think you deserve a long, fun, phone-free vacation in Austin.
Ooh, that closing sentence. ZING!
What's on the Pandora's Box pizza, and how do you make it? Paul cooks up a special treat at Extreme Pizza, this Sat (6/12/10) @ 5:30pm.
You know you've been w/o a couch too long when you think, "This camp chair is pretty comfortable." C'mon Tuesday: I'm staying a city girl!
Jeremiah Jackson from Sewickley Academy is up to talk about a student led project on homeless children -
i meant i see u as in "thats tight that ur recording" haha
Getting ready for our #NYE ball tonihgt. Goodbye 2011. Here's to 2012.
Why do all guys suck
I remember you talking about Senate Bill 5550 a while ago, hence the reason I directed this to you. I can't seem to find an answer
that is so cute!!
Hi Alex, we are coming to NYC next month, if only able to do Darby OR Butter - which should we visit?
Cleaning windows with my daughter today. I love days like this.
almost #friday ? any big plans? So Lake Union block party??
i told you what to do ! you slackinn ' make it happen !
Woke up late and tired!!!!
Good times you & the wife have a good night.
My phone just picks and chooses the days to have a lasting battery
I wanna see one!!
Quick update for my #Chicago followers: #Bulls up 74-52 on the Cavs midway through 3rd quarter
Electronic Health Records (EHR) - how to solve the unique identifier problem and follow privacy laws?
we back fa more....3 peat, ya dig?
It's weird watching this game. As much as I hate the Bears I just can't convince myself to root for the Eagles
I'm in New York from like the 24th to the 27th
I couldnt ask for a better group of friends, we always have some much fun together.
Basketball tickets are in hand. Barring another parking ticket, this should be a good day.
Survey-Organizational Values: Has your organization assigned specific behaviors to identified core values? yes or no?
I love you your awesomee singerr(: and i love your voicee. Keep singing, you'll go far!(:
where did that mack truck go that ran over my head?
"You never conquer a mountain. Mountains can't be conquered; you conquer yourself - your hopes, your fears."
Do people still wear nose rings
Living room yoga. It is the best with just carpet beneath your feet and Radiohead in the air.
Skipping my first class so far this semester... =O
Let the madness begin! I've got 4 brackets out there, one has to pan out, right?
Love the West Coast vibe!! So different from what it's like on the East Coast.
#hcsm T3: basics to advanced: websites, then blogs, then METRICS / ROI, then 140 characters, then video/pinterest/etc.
please make your website Pinterest-friendly. I want to pin you to my board "They've Got Swagger".
RT : Space. . . the final frontier. How cool is it that our lil ol' Armband is on the International Space Station...
- hello eyeemgoph - if you can send locations / intersections that still have my signs - I will be more than happy to remove them!
"Be yourself, be original" the best advice
no im done riding. :P the air took my breath away.
Follow me I follow back.
pls ask how he plans 2 put America back 2 work
did see a good Weezer show there....think the band Cold opened?
This is a sincere question, not whiny kind: Why only UK and Japan get extra song(s)?
I am not scared of lion, tiger & bears but I am scared of loving you
“: Get up and work out everyday. Trust me it feels amazing!” <3
Would love to learn more about exhibit opportunities,
“Diversity may be the hardest thing for a society to live with, and perhaps the most dangerous thing for a society to be without.”...
my song to my crush Perfect Two by Auburn
thanks for the mention
hey you! How have you been? Ain't seem you since Christmas. Smh
Great! Glad that you guys will be hacking on our API!
OMG best birthday cake ever! I'm eating birthday cake pancakes right now.
last night I had the honor of performing at the World Famous, "Tootsies" in Nashville! I must have been dreaming!! This was a great night!!!
me neither at #fsu, but I went to an all black school briefly my soph. year. I loved it and errone loved me cause I gots SOUL!
Just woke up and already thinking about a nap before I get ready for work. Haha. Time to move around.
I know it doesn't mean anything but isn't it nice to see that #mubb scored more points than any other winning team yesterday?
omgeeee!! I'm writing three articles in the same hour?! I can't believe it's actually working out :D
you seem a little sensitive about that. Enjoy your life.
did i qualify?
u can open the door by urself !
Awesome! Two alumns are the developers of QLab. One (Chris) was hoping to Skype in; guess it didn't work out.
Hello what sups
Tuned into KUFO 4 the KiddChris show 4 the Jack Swagger interview! Kidd is a super fan of Swagger!
Oh got it -- different game. :-)
The one and only Bob Feller in 1940
++ RT : A1. Video great tool; use SM to broadcast.
My office is totally gonna win with our #MegaMillions pool.
"He will b t sure foundation4 ur times, a rich store of salvation& wisdom &knowledge, th fear of the Lord is t key 2this treasure." ISA 33:6
Am I the only one who thinks PHI run D is suspect? Matthews ? At mike, And their whole DL are passrushers. Lost Mikel too..
Funny! My couch has never felt better
Friday Humor: "When tempted to fight fire with fire, remember that the Fire Department usually uses water."- Author Unknown
Speakers Turnt ALL THE WAY UP!!!
mite hit up the city tonite
No finishing, no PO or PK. Not a smart team. Stan has lots to do/prove. Hopefully better yrs for both our teams next year.
I have to keep busy today....my mother in law is coming to town :-/
ah, it's so nice to have a home on Christmas.
Good morning. Welcome to our jewelry store today. Bright and sunny this 18th day of October. Hope you are doing well :)
OMG THIS HAS MADE MY DAY!! THANKS !!! Nothin' But A Glee Thang with Heather Morris, Matthew Morrison &
keeping it French: The Mesrine films with Vincent Cassel or A Prophet.
“: Could you please pray for my mom, sahe might have cancer! It would mean so much to me!” i'll pray too.
Agreed. Their green apple roll is really great! I also like & Also has great sushi.
Can you say make-up call?
Mike Richards lights the lamp for #Flyers West!!
congrats on your ebook 'HH2H" burning up the charts!
Yes, pass the word on and you should follow us!
"Happy" u rescued your new pup! Inspirational! Rescued a Morkie/ Malti-Shi mix a week ago at a swap/college. Named her "Chewy"♥
Time for the arts questions
Momentum Shift! Let's go #Yankees!!!
Not a qudd start two my weekend.! Im offically not in the mood now.!
Even thought the weather ain't good, we still up here n Plan B doing our thang! Be safe ya'll
Mike tks what an awesome video and web site I plan on sharing this : )
GET READY YALL! HERE COME B-DOGG! JANUARY 6TH IM PERFORMING AT CLUB RED @ THE YUKMOUTH SHOW!!!!! THEN IM GOING HARD @ THE MLK BBQ!
Adorable pic of you girls!
Happy B day rosie 50 already im 59 when I turn 50 got a tat stay strong luv u no matter what u do luv to see u on broadway : ))
well we have 8 X 40ft trailers full of overstock uniforms, about 50k pieces sitting in the parking lot of our warehouse!?!
Joe, can I be your stowaway?
Got another gig announcing at the freedom stadium for amateur games and tourneys!
#WaysToIrritateMe -- Calling with absolutely nothing to talk about.. Wasting my unlimited minutes!
Ion even wanda fuck these hoes no mo all I wanda is the top
Just woke up bout to handle wats mines!
Operation "bring little bird home" in full effect... Diana and Victor are awesome.
Nice choice for number 500. Congrats!
So this is what happens on twitter when I should be asleep... hmm... nothin' much! :)
Dying my hair more blonde at 2:30. #EXCITED! <3
Thanks to all of our Autism team runners and volunteers at a cold, wet St Pat's Dash this morning!
Snowy, slick roads downtown - Anyone else have trouble getting into work today?
Thanks Robert, #FF back at ya! Have a great weekend:)
Why am I getting this in my Twitter feed ... no Safeway stores for hundreds of miles!
Thanks for the #followback ;) “: thanks for the follow!”
stay safe you guys. You really made a difference today carrying the story.
hey! I need your number! Cause everytime I need something I have to tweet you. Lol. But are you staying with Syd tonight?
can you help me out with an RT for a great singer/songwriter, #levilowrey??
We all wet our lips to prepare for a kiss but it never came
Today I will take a few moments to reflect on what happened 10 years ago today in my own quiet way. I will never forget. #9/11
Early run to Poto, 12 hour seen then back to Madison tonight
Dear Tim Burton, please keep making those addicting movies of yours! i don't know what a night would be without Sweeney Todd <3
great. Orlando Public Library is getting a 3D printer. we were just getting caught up with eBooks and now this.
sorry, all. my smartphone battery died. :(
Hey Wonderful Burgerville fans...Hawthorne BV is now open till 11pm in the dining room and midnight in the drive thru...come by and say hi!
I trusted you now you messed up big time.
'Enjoy the best things in your life cause you ain't gonna get to live it twice.'
I spend so much time reading. Guess it is the nature of the job. I need to travel more. Been quite some time since I was away
#B.A.M Squad
drink a big ass canister of water and vinegar
About to listen to a session on #RealTime in which the hashtag listed is #RT. #RT in Twitterland = tons of retweets...
CLub #26ten tonight whoop!!!
Successful people operate in two modes: professional and relaxed
overheard at work - i dont know the difference between a smart phone & a razor. sadness cause my company has several apps
Congrats, welcome to COM!
awesome, thanks for answering. Just wanted to double check ;)
This may just change my life! RT : How to hail a cab using Twitter: bit.ly/yMcbNT
and now its nap time bitches!(:
on a fixie and one hand on the bars, so the bottles are in the other hand
Just woke up GM twitter PPL !!!!!!!
I Want 1OOO Followers Before 2O12 Any Shout Outs To Help Me ? [: <3 <3 <33
love the WMD jab on your site.
THAT SUBSITUTE WAS GRAND;)
Please tell non-Tax paying VOTERS that $2.5K is Gross not take home, may takehome 75K if lucky
Week 1: DONE. I have a great feeling about this quarter!! :)
Isn't that the truth!!
i think #someday should be #now ! Please follow me j421ustin <3
What did the egg say after he was put in a pot of boiling water? I just got laid by a chick and now I'm getting hard
: Who are you and how is it we have the same name???
When you really care about someone, their happiness matters more than yours.
Hipster trend: Using the word 'hipster' as shorthand negative qualifier to immediately disqualify something as inauthentic.
you have to check out Kauapea Beach. It's a nude beach, but it is super picturesque.
Both Crews get to stay. wtf
Berman: We need a Humanities accessible to humanity.
"you really out crazyed a guy with a gun"
is up and at it, writing is my therapy!
marry me?
The way ms katchpole ended the day today... #lovethatwoman :)
I love failing music theory quizzes! It's such a great feeling...
Unbelievable! : BREAKING: Curtis Granderson hits his 3rd homer of the night vs. Twins. In the 4th inning.
for a variety of reasons, i am like 3 weeks behind. and i can't find time to start watching to catch up.
it's hard to handle the stupidity.
haha I already knew that because I just googled him haha he's older then me! By a like 3 months lol
:* thank you
Maybe if you were "there" for me when i needed you, i'd be there for you.
Just finished a "teams" survey for my LWV classmate Amy. What's better....traditional teams or virtual teams?? Good exercise!
some folks will do anything for a TD. Can't believe they sacrificed the QB like that wow. Nonetheless TD Pats. Wow.
I hate that I miss you. I hate that you forgot about me. I hate that you don't want me. I hate that I still care about you.
RT It’s Nat'l Animal Cracker Day! 1st Animal Cracker was made in York by Stauffer’s Biscuit Co c1900.
Felt like 5 minutes, was an hour and a half... wopps... sleep time
60% angel 30% naughty 10%bad girl now which girl do u want to play with ?
Smuggled in a crate of hockey sticks from Canada!
So proud of everything that is doing. he's such an inspiration. we love him<3
Charm City is always ahead of the curve. :-)
West Brook Better Then CP !
RT : Unconfirmed: Beastie Boy Adam Yauch Has Died of Cancer.
Can you make sure that my boyfriend D. Brynan makes his flight from ATL to LAX tonight? Yr flight delay is imperiling his connection.
Apparently it's crazy bad our there. Don't take the dogs out.
yes, he is! SpeakDatTruth!!! I love me some Pookie!
I've been well. Perhaps lunch is in order some day soon. My weekend is open and I could venture to Madison.
Brewers in first place. Will it last?
and yes, it's going to be a great morning :)
Just keep walking @ naked & I'll keep spying on you. BTW I'd see more if u opened the blinds
Hope everyone is having a great week, My 1st book will be available on kindle in the next week & a half! So stay tuned details coming soon.
Seeking a Senior KM Analyst in Phoenix, AZ! MLS and SharePoint 2010 experience are required.
For-profit libs: if you have access to LISTA on EBSCO there's a great article "Copyright and For-Profit Colleges" you should look up.
Presentation Coaching - if you can do a live demo, seriously do a live demo. People comprehend and remember what they can HEAR AND SEE
A recent Yahoo News story found Seattle and Portland to be the top two best cities for hipsters.
- Tuesday we announce a new website that allows active-duty and vets to come out on video or in writing. We'd love your help.
one of my favorite bands ever. Killing Technology, Dimension Hatross, and Nothingface were just masterpieces...
students and #StateCollege residents, stop by the Corner Room between 11 and 6 tmrw and support the Axis bake sale!
congrats! My friend is interning for them too. Where is yours?
My goal? Live with out a single regret
RT : Pierre McGuire just dropped a "well they booed Santa Claus" on Philly fans!
When You Came To Bakersfield, California In September, Did You Like It Here? Would You Ever Come Back?:)
hacked or
I think I'm going to be live tweeting #Birdemic here.
I think 90210 is my guilty pleasure... :P Can't help it!
Finished reading "Search Engine Optimization Secrets" by Danny Dover. Written for those who want to be SEO consultants. Very well done.
Frederick Douglass says he knows nothing of the scheme to nominate him for President on a pensions-for-ex-slaves platform.
WORKING ON THESE UPCOMING SHOWS
: Telephone poles at sunset "liked" by Pinterest. Whoa. Live humans at Pinterest? ://pinterest.com/pin/235805730459278212/
Now you are famous :)
I will be savoring this Dodgers game more than any regular season contest
Bethany is teaching Advanced @ 11:30 tomorrow (Friday). Tell your boss to encourage yoga. The life they save may be their own. heh
You threw away a good girl for a filthy slut. Let me know how that works out.
She got that fire !
We had a damn good night. Hope you all are enjoying yourselves while being safe out there. -JChuck
"PATIENCE PAYS. There will even be days when you get a bonus & a raise." ...Keep a gentle tongue & a kind heart while waiting for payday! ;)
Now that is following me my life is complete
Aww , Just making sure , cos i'm here !
"bold words for a girl who no longer wears her necklace"
Got the job bitches!!!!!
Ok thx to BBs movie I have 2 girls crying on my shirt wtf snot sex
#YEE its freaking february already! Only 5 months till summer<3
. Nope. But thanks for asking. cc
ugh the suspense is fucking killing me .... if i fail i mind as well get a 2nd job and just work my fucking ass off -__-
and a big thank you to ALL of the LSC candidates and to everyone that serves on an LSC. Our community is strong because of you!
Email me at and ill send you some songs. Just say "send songs" or tell me a little more about you. Singing to you Jay !
What about Huskers defense in 2010 and 2009? Huskers lead nation in scoring defense in 2009.
this dvd menu screen is totally bitchin.
Not what I meant. I meant like,I wouldn't be upset at you, it wasn't really your choice at that moment, it was an impulse
And, what's the verdict? Don't you feel like you've got sunshine running through your veins? :-)
Oh ok. I was confused. Ha!
When your dad comes home and starts bitching <<<<<< uhm no
tweet me more of your answers #KissKillFuck Chris Brown, Terrence J, and Lil Twist
In line for my road test
hahahahaaha if you keep it up, i might have too!!! its not like your giving a speech, what are you so nervous about? DO IT DO IT
Make that poison *ivy*, poison sumac and poison oak. Duh.
YOLO has run its course, I officially hate it
$25/20 RT : Hey , we have some people inquiring about how much tickets will be at the door???
I wear my heart soon my sleeve.
Havin a bad day
plzzz follow me
Fantastic day at #Columbia today. #Zanker, #WardPerkins, #LaRocca... Beautiful mix of archeology, romanticism and scholarship.
Great season flyers!!! Maybe next year
Finals tomorrow... lots of prayers needed please! <3
Valentines Day! Now, how to get the guys to Etsy to buy some special handmade things for their gals...
Riding this drunk down to chicago. BABY
RT : Fact: 8th-graders in NV, CO, HI, & RI improved in science, reading, and math in 2011!
Just saw your new hair color in your picture! #loveit <3
great timing for that topic, given today's revelation of the "composite girlfriend"
Don't you just hate seeing that
See him sating at me like I am with a million bucks
Yea, you going??
Fave hidden gem museum is - lots of multimedia and participatory exhibits.
Our about us blurb on is outdated. Is there someone I can speak to about updating it?
Always one or the other, never both!!! (RT : Go Ricci! Homerun on field or at the bar? Both?)
thanks for the shoutout! We are super stoked about the show :) new songs will be played!
Lahiar why would you swing at that?
As long as people will accept crap, it will be financially profitable to dispense it. Dick Cavett
Seriously. In that small little room with the "pimp couch" and the rotary dialer phone.
I can't wait tomorrow #zumba :)
The Bishop Kearney/Aquinas game last night was intense. 2OT's...couldn't ask for a better game to watch.
Our past mistakes are a point of learning, not a place of despair.
Lunchtime get here already.
I'm sorry sweetie about your tooth. Is Jeff going to be there with you? Don't be scared.
You fucker, I'm trying to figure shit out but you don't answer or text back.
good luck!
Happy Friday every body!!
Art Producer/Content Director wanted for a A developer based in the UK, For more information contact .uk
The protest group in growing. Almost doubled in size.
link to your profile so I can check it out?
I now have a sun burn (#imaginerit) and poison ivy (#mthope) but it was worth it.
Obama is slimier than Clinton? Yeah, that's pretty weird.
What is the worst thing you were told you did the next day but don't remember, ?
Don't know about cold, but pain-yeah. Killed my lats w/24 sets of pyramid'd pulldowns. Hurt to put on deodorant. :p
Flogging Molly is trending!!!!!!!!!! Oh Happy Day St. Patty's Day!!!! I'd Like to give some green lovin to the Dropkick as well!!
My hearts bullet proof
#thingsIcanthave OhioState. When I see that red I turn into a fucking bull
" Were you allowed to grind stars while at PCA?" Ya but only because I relocated to Mexico in December and got reverified.
“: Enjoy the city and the dinner!” Thanks!
Just added a 2-pack Sampler of all flavors of Attractor Nutritional Suet to our website. Give some a try at www.woodpecker-feeder.com.
Brb, crying myself to sleep over the cancellation of my three favourite shows. If Thursday isn't sacred, nothing is.
I, Jake Simpson, am now being followed by I can now die complete. Or at least go to Resyk relatively happy.
wow, yeah they took a different approach, I just want to show percentage of costs that goes to each country. not dollar values
listening to packer collegiate school on toulouse st wharf. swingin and groovin between natchez cruises
love the Sacramento public library Lucky Day program. Did not know B&N nooks included, thought all were in the "hold ether"
No: but it extends the library's reach to where the people are, rather than expecting them to come to us.
Revolutionary Cleaning even provides reparation services. 866-970-2532
great video with Gov. Christie!!
Yeah its a tough one. I remember buying Pauls Boutique on cassette like it was yesterday.
Linux: The OS people choose without $200,000,000 of persuasion. ~ Mike Coleman
Hello, stranger. Are you alive?
It's easier to give it to someone else than to receive it yourself
Nothing new the Mavericks still suck FTM!!! #NbaChumpions #SpursNation!!!!
good luck dude. Make sure you look after tha manxmissile
Councilman Tony Cardenas: Changing law will "increase school attendance" and "prevent students from entering juvenile justice system"
Outta town again with the bro see ya H-Town
I say how much you need? He say a lot. I say you know people kill for that drug right? I just hope he got the message
Who will save you when there is no one else around and you can't turn to me? ~ 3 doors down :D
Bye twitter.
TGIF Fashion Poll: "Body Con" dresses --- yay or nay???
An e-mail:"Although it's only in ARC form, I wanted you to know that our librarians & patrons are already loving The Good Dream." Yay
New to download!
You know the first piece of Titanic to be discovered was? A Boiler! Boiler up!
follow me
RT : I love JUSTIN :-) He baffles my mind every time I see him!
Hard Times: An Oral History. #historypornparodies (Cheating?)
They sure don't make Jews like Jesus anymore :-/
Unfortunately no. Your unit was designed to cool or heat your entire home. When your tstat is happy your unit will shut off.
Did Wes Welker really host a party with an all midget wait staff? I cant decide if thats offensive or amazing...maybe both.
I think just became internet famous!
Hey Darlin' Jana! Just use both tags! So Happy2 have U w/ us again! We need Grace for our mess2! :D LuvU:)
ive been pretty good. Hows Paris? :-)
Free Rondo!!
bust it wide open
WINNING TICKETS THE ONLY WAY WE CAN SEE U PREFORM ON MANDAY TWEET BACK PLEASE -MAHOMIE FOR LIFE P.S I REALLY WANT TO SEE YOU
Kiss me im contagious :)
I haven't been to a paper-based company that's passing invoices in less than 20 days - they can't do it - Henry Ijams at
If you're not supposed to abuse cough syrup then why does it come with a little plastic shot glass?
don't you think there *should* be a way to have both? And if not, shouldn't they have dealt with it better?
is feeling obligated to post things because so many people are following me on Twitter now. Why!?!? hahaha
Follow me! is a Awsome account related to sexy girls and videos!;P
#SOCIALITES Complimentary passes available from or or 218 W. 39th
Got to share the stage with Kenny Loggins last night!!!
Congrats to Linda R. Winner of our Season Of Doing $250 Spa finder card.
and all is right with the world...good night.
name of the driver involved in the accident hasn't been released. His condition has been upgraded but sheriff's dept. can't tell us to what.
I am! In the back of the room, with the laptop. :)
HSBC Business Direct makessimple B2B global wire transfers
“: The Lord will make perfect that which concerns me - Psalm 138:8” this one has gotten me through lots!
Tal Alon-Mozes: Distinctions b/w kibbutzim & urban farms; Kibbutzim are rural and apart, urban agriculture practiced as a small enterprise.
“: What's up”. Chillin! Happy it's Friday!
I hope.
Even sillier? Totally don't understand that angle.
Never mind my last tweet. Just got confirmation email that I'm registered for webinars! THANKYOU!
Best line in that movie!
Haha, we wish. This is still all just wishful thinking. We're not ready for one just yet.
#WeWontWork if you're a pussy
Thanks for the RT today
soccer and finishing everything for graduation. Wbu?
The fact that my mom didn't get mad when i told her my 2nd kindle broke exactly like my first one>>>>
RT : Globally, nearly 1 billion people have no access to safe, clean drinking water! Today is #WorldWaterDay !!
Just waking up, gotta thank God, I dont know but today seems kind of odd
Helluva PPV.got every match right except H vs Undertaker and team Johnny vs team Teddy
Not from earth, my planet’s foreign- P.Goods
Forget yesterday
on what someone is looking for (IOW, consent is consent, etc.), but the search function always best for any search...
Happy Saturday to all my followers! Can you believe we survived the first week of #2012?
Per twitterverse, no Kalif tomorrow night vs SKC for injury. Nature of it is under review (knee, groin, hamstring) depending on who you read
yum yum
Do not use logic or really even engage with other customers at the airport when in ANY line.
follow me on tumblr lovee ! I have like none of my friends on it !):
I like it cause its true. #MittsUnfit RT: : I like it as a meme.
wow! Congrats on the engagement and internship. So happy for U
haha I know but some need to grow man! ;( lol
Ya'll Gotta See What Goodies We Got This Summer, My Nig Dan One Lacing This Record Right Now
thank you thank you. website coming super soon:)
Still need to get you on
dirty dancing aww
Check out the fan page to win tickets for an Honeymoon!
thank you lovies!!!
brb. going on
Making me sit outside while you two eat? Great parenting. 👌 you should get an award.
I'm not afraid of anything, but makes me tremble
if I'm louder would you see me? would you lay down in my arms and rescue me cause we are the same you save me when you leave it gone again
That does suck and usually means your almost insane.
Let's chat about getting you on our show some time
I can't sleep, been working weird hours lately
What's with and pissing lately?
I want to send out some love to Mandy Mason this morning. Hang in there Darlin', God is in control. Doc
Don't swallow it c;
Instant fan of John Baldessari ... it's time to burn my past.
Thanks, Jess! See you soon!
No Bull.
She has to hate that I never let it bother me, at least not externally. She's all pissed off and I just go on with my day.
You know I said it's true. I can feel the love, can you feel it too?
I apologize :) refollowed
phew, just solved a nasty issue with responsive images not resizing in Views Slideshow.
H&M sunglasses i bought in Sweden? Made in China.
BREAKING NEWS---Petrino to coach Saints, beginning Monday
very true
Happy Mother's Day - drink wine!!
oh, my ass. They'd stop and take pictures and shit
FAH DIS HOE TO HAVE HA ASS N DA AIR, POPPN HA LIPS TO PARTY ROCKERS ANTHEM
should be fun! RT : CRE people - check out the stream from #CRE tech savvy
Posting so many pictures on instagram #sorry #dontcare 😊
Good night Nutella... I will see you in the morning.... :-)
#Leaders wanting to learn more about deeply examining employee performance should watch Jon Gruden's QB Camp on
random music recommendations have me feeling a surge of inspiration, why is it not 5 yet?
Waitng For David Archuleta <3 awe missing him since he did his last video :3
absolutely. Wealth is great! (Indeed, I'm trying to get some of it myself.) It's just that he's a mystery otherwise.
Attending a Theatrical Video workshop tonight at AFI.
Happiness is for wimps.
that way I won't be carrying a really expensive jacket all day !*)
Heading to the Hamilton 16 IMAX in #Noblesville for #Avengers at midnight. Are you going tonight as well? Send us your pictures!
down to shoot and edit a vid for me tomorrow?
Checked my account balance and thought someone stole my identity, but no. Just broke...sigh.
I agree #vatech #nfldraft RT : with a name like Tyrod Taylor, I think it'd be illegal to suck at sports!
Hello weekend, hello gin!... Happy birthday wknd Don't die in
I need to thank you more often for all of the #FF type pimping you do :) Thanks!
Yes. Ill Be Gone By 10:30.
Best. Comment. EVER! Hahaha thank you for sharing that with us!
no, no it's not. you're doomed.
Very pretty makeovers!!! All the ladies look great!
thats great, send me a pic! can't wait to see!
Im kinda freaked out right now.
haha but he does kinda look like a baby fish thou
I often get tired of having long hair and I haven't had a hair cut since August… So it looks like I'm shaving my head tomorrow...
seconded! “: Words can't describe how much I love Fridays!!! #excitable”
It really sucks to cry your self to sleep
Omg!! I'm praying it's nothing. WOW
Just went to see Bully at the Drexel. It was a great movie that everyone should see. Please take your kids. We need to change this now!
oh..I loved all 3 records u gave me..esp the Yellow one!
What's your favorite track from our demos? Comment and tell us!
Ikr. I was oh no no no i don't think so. They need to get it together.
Operation MedSHARE a success!
Game day at Fredonia
If I gave a shit I'd tell you. My silence speaks for itself.
thank u ~ i'm recovering *grins* enjoying your tweets ;) ttfn!
The pope should hang. If there's any justice in the world, the pope should hang.
all for US. Dont forget that.
RT : There is no god.
I'm black and asian? Why didn't you give me a brochure earlier?
Tim Thomas leads the #Bruins onto the ice for the 3rd period.
I just tried to vote, and it said: "You Had Already Voted For This Poll. Poll ID #7"
Inspiration and genius--one and the same ---Victor Hugo
is comming over to hangout & do homework with me. #Thanksbabes!
I love hanging out in the bathroom of a hotel so my kids can sleep at 7 pm
I hate running on a track, because it's just running in circles, and getting yourself no where, and I'm like....FUCK BALLS.
Playing with logos :)
Man, it never ends with LeBron.
Wonder how much my #LennyDykstra rookie cards are worth now that he is going to prison for three years. More or less?
": Music gives a soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to the imagination and life to everything."
Can't wait to play a show with / next Saturday. Its going to be a really fun show.
Galaxy Trucker, Dominion, Carcassonne, Lost Cities, Small World, Notre Dame. I love co-ops for us to: Pandemic, Ghost Stories
Sure, I like kids well enough. It's just that, at the end of the day, I want to be able to leave the country and never see them again.
Im done with this. Feeling like an idiot. Loving you, Im over it. I just dont love you; dont love you no more.
Loved that book.
Just went on a following spree. My news feed was looking drab
the mid west is amazing. How's the city life
#callback, #kitson, and #rodeodrive... i'd say, quite a fun day!
Never thought I'd be able to hear CEO talk games 3 rows in front of me. The gaming nerd in me is happy.
Doing a lot of traveling and speaking this year - meeting incredible people. Heading to Chicago this weekend to speak 4 a group of dentists
Cespedes would have been a great pickup to add in the middle of the O's order and would have created the best outfield in baseball
Its impossible to comment/contact on the fvalumni blog & it's RIDICULOUSLY frustrating. Have some photos of FV to share but 4getit
Working day shift makes for a LONG day!!! But I had a good day. On the radio for the 1st time for 4 hours... It went very well!!! :-)
#TheOffice is a clutch show to watch!
Hey Kev!! What's new with you?!
So glad you love the rings.
++ RT : A3: Luckily I have not had a full order go wrong in that I involve clients and have them sign off
Hi , play me some Elvis Costello!
Is there a reason why this always happens to me?:/
Hi I'm at come hop on over.
missed you today!!
If makes a video for parking lot party I wanna be in it!!!
wedge should get ejected now for yelling at Millwood for pitching BP
Thanks Cristina! x
awww but y??
Just wrote this crazy male pop joint last night... hope God blesses it!
you are so awesome! Just sayin'.
Giving control rather than taking control is the triumph of deliberate intent over impulsive reaction.
I have 1 for you..RT The summer is going to filled with scouting models and rubbing elbows with some influential individuals.
When I met you, any change Now everything is different I want you to know my prince that there is none like you
You should already be in costume!
im saying, theres no monopoly gentleman on it anymore
Last time I tweeted I had 400 somethin followers, now I have over 600!! :^DD
Glad I could help! Have a great Wednesday! RT : yeah!! Made my day. Thanks Toni!
RT : Ima free bird, I gotta fly!!
In Lubbock with my mom just visiting some familia...these dudes were wearing shorts that you see girls rock bro lol so gay
Texas is ready for the in April us #ICONiac and #GRANDer fans love u deep down to earth iconic boyz anyone else ready in Texas?
Happiness belongs to the self-sufficient. - Aristoltle
Vine has him down in the salt mines.
At willies locally known with Laura Bell Bundy bout to jam a few tunes. Come hang out with us-BH
Just had lunch w my good friends!
No, the ice tea is penance for not drinking vodka.
and tweet with so many of you over these past few months. God willing, things will get better in the coming months, and I shall return...
After watching on #BizarreFoods Syria, I want to take my wife and 3+ month old newborn there. Crazy?
If you believe in yourself have dedication pride never quit you'll be a winnerThe price of victory is high but soare therewards P Bryant.
Hi Tucker! Love to see this photo! Hope we'll see each other on set soon.
It hurts like hell. Hey can I text you?
RT : Sequences matter when persuading people to implement major behavior changes
too funny!!
"tripped" on something, only to look back and realize it was a shadow
SpotON Radio app.
Blood Cuzz is funny as hell.
Don't worry... I'm sure will take care of you
Curling my hairr!
Basketball insight and wisdom follow:
Founders of #TEDxChange #TEDxDupont Nicholas Jammet, Jonathan Neman and Nathaniel Ru | big picture are the people behind ideas
Hurt feet, beyond tired, tons of shopping bags
cause 23 is your number
Genealogy proof statements provides a summaries
ok thank u♥
Thank you!! RT : Congratulations to both paulafrancis8 & on their 2012 #BestOfLasVegas awards!
those shoes are redic. Post more photos of YOU.
I can't wait till April 20!
Movie recommendation is Tupac Shukar in "Poetic Justice"
whats harry styles account name.? Still new to twitter
I pretend to work as long as they pretend to pay me.
i miss him soo much </3
that my friend would be an advantage when you get old.
- of course! :-) Looking forward to it! :-)
A couple glasses of wine some cheese and a shot of moonshine.
is a loser and hates Weingarten. Especially her ovaries.
Taking down the arena is making me sad
Oh yeah! RT : Pizza on ART Milwaukee tomorrow
He kept saying "it's no big deal." But you could tell by his eyes he knew it was.
Still working hard..
Me 2! can't wait 2 see everyone in San Diego ;)
Let me guess: it's an iPhone 3G (non "3GS") like my dinosaur that crawls on iOS 4.2 & needs memory clear or reboot hourly
safe travels!
Hate getting a mention only to find it's spam about free iPads. Are these people, or bots?
Never feels good enough for you ..
Spurs flags up on the ride! :)
So you guys have one of those "open" arrangements? That's so Canadian.
You are never too poor to give. Take a look at the poor widow in Luke 21. Give what you have and leave the rest to God.
lmao it ain't that bad in da D!!!
Go to sleep! :)
I'll keep you guys posted as I continue to make progress!!!!
Who wanna be in a video this weekend?
Matt Garza is about the only person in the world who thinks that was a good throw by Sean Rodriguez.
Best aPrIl fOoLs prank....buy your office lunch! They won't see it coming! We will deliver it! Nothing foolish about Free Delivery!
Dont forget to join us TOMORROW for Gallery Night in the Historic Third Ward from 5pm to 9pm
Like it love it or fuck it #believe it I could careless
exactly right! we're not doing our job, and/or not doing ENOUGH!
Hey Sierra! I haven't talked to you for a while! Please answer my DM! Gurlll <3 Love you xoxo
must. reschedule. our. HH!!!!!
Hello Twitter world. Ready for a whirlwind of a week? 4 To-do lists made and now to begin checking things off...
I love storms, until it knocks out Direct Tv..
Wessel outlines key issues for negotiating contracts with publishers for both articles and books.
New York Giants 14 Washington Redskins 28 End Of 4th #giants #redskins #nfl (Via )
Ok I'm putting my phone down dude lol
very awesome. Be sure to say hello!
Doing well, thank you! Just released my second album "After Hours"
Both feature (as they enter NFL)- big arm, great deep ball, great speed, durability concerns, lack of pro sys. exp
I'm talking where the venue is played itself. Not your staff or anything of that nature... Need feed back please!!!
your welcome
Hub is introducing the kids to The Search for the Holy Grail. Help me. Send mango sorbet and People magazine, PLEASE.
I wasn't really going to watch anyways
favorite book? facebook. (;
Today: Treat age spots and melasma with Kligman's Formula! One of our most popular compounds. Call 412-681-6400 NOW to find out more! www.
indeed, good times! haven't had the migas at Julio's yet, but am looking fwd to dethroning one of my top 3. thx for the tip
Metric math. They'd do so much better by actually increasing fare enforcement on MAX.
<3 i heart you .
Happy Birthday bbyboy <3 <3 Hope to see you again soon ;-***
UK Spartan Floridian"Simon Thunder the Savior of Rock -n- Roll" is in town again.You gotta luv visionary acceptance,affection&feeling!
I get to see this weekend!
ah yeah, that's a good choice! definitely check out some of the others too though. there are some great ones!
Up early for work still feel high from last night
you know it(;
So far so good with this Creative Cloud. Install applications like mobile apps.
My head is all ranty today. I must be feeling better.
Thank you for tweeting our blog story! Sending #love from #SanDiego! :D
#ImThatPerson who might forgive you... but never forget what you did.
amazing job on the baby doritos commercial!!!
Thank goodness. Means I have more flexibility to deal with this Planter's wart.
we have bi-weekly ed cal mtgs, I (team of one) schedule in HootSuite. cc
well I'd be glad to tell them they made a huge mistake letting you go lol
US: Spirits and wine benefit from brewers' droop - research Beer consumption fell for the second year in a row in 2011, as spirits and wi
Great agency meet & greet today with 90210 Talent. Lovely to meet some of my fellow actors and brainstorm with the team!
Forevers gonna slow you down.
#Rangers. Congrats to Josh Hamilton for 4 HR in one game. History was made tonight
Aaaahhh so jealous. Of all the weeks to be out of town :(
just not working today. Trying to update apps all I get is Error 13 and Error 100.
awww thankkss :) i miss you too! wish you were hear friend
I don't work but, the money I do have is for funiture my daughter bills. I know how 2 fix this problem!
looks like it was missent and is somewhere in Texas, but not at my house yet. Assuming tomorrow or Monday
this really tough time, i really admire that and i wish i actually knew you in person so we can just talk because i feel like
WE'VE GOT TO WORK, WORK, WORK THIS OUT. LOLOLOLOL XD
haha justin on makes everything for hungry
hahahaha not w/ that's mine! Plz dnt play urself baby girl...
thanks for letting us know!!!!
love the valentines!! Such a sweet and unique way to send some love <3
D.R.A.M.A. = D-umb R-etards A-sking for M-ore A-ttention
yo visit and add me on myspace.com/magikentpromotions
nice story, keep up the good work
Its still nice and warm in September.
Never forget those that gave you a helping hand, someday you will need them again.
Do it. RT : We'll be open for onsite sales next Friday, March 9th, beginning at 4:30 pm.
Dear Chad Henne........ At this time your services are no longer needed you are the weakest link #GOODBYE!!
Paula Abdul.
This bus is cold as shit
GIS guru Michael Page is taking us through Google Earth.
we are going to start mapping that :)
Definitely! I'm pouring myself a cocktail
You know he'd have something interesting to say. His career minus SVG would be totally different I'd think...
aw you look so cute with your family. 😃.
HEY FAM FOLLOW>>> AND TWO OF MY FAVS...
lol hang in there.
After three attempts to get me to numb up, the new crown cemented in. Feels incredibly smooth compared to the temp.
": Stir up waters to catch fish."
hope you say happy birthday to me on my birthday next Friday!! I love you gorgeous;)
once again thanks for the follow!!! Very appreciated!!!!
studying SO much Beethoven in the coming weeks. crazy good times.
most groups rotate focus, at least 1s i've been
real cool, guys. Real cool. I lost the game.
Today has been an amazingly unforgettable day. When you work hard days like to today will happen often
Beep beep
#Thewantedfollowme :D please follow!!!
Oh my crapppers!! I'm taking the CST test tomorrow!! I'm freakin out in the inside! But in the outside I look chilled out lol
"we put up 50 posters, most torn down" antisemites at #PSU MT : from on The Show now!
Shooting Kristin cavallari backstage at diesel Miami beach fashion week. She looks hot in the sky vodka blue bikini!
Thank you. Can't wait to hear!
Not like found on the ground, but long forgotten and rediscovered.
Oh my gosh! Thanks so much to Ben and Brendan from for your wonderful article and photos!
FEMALES ARE SO NICE.....I WISH YOU BITCHES WAS LIKE THIS
UFO at the bottom of the ocean?
Great pick!
MorningJoke: Son: Mom why is my cousin names Diamond? Mom: Cause your aunt loves diamonds. Son: What about me!? Mom: Enough questions Dicky!
sounds awesome. I do love me some pork.
it'll be gigantic
nm(: being lazy as usual haha
Honestly, everyone on #TheVoice is beyond talented. I would be happy for any of them to win, but I'd be EXTREMELY happy if Tony won! VOTE!!!
Please donate your $10. or more today. Blue Martini Kendall is tomorrow. JOIN US 4 live music and lots of fun!! www.docit1.org
I miss you and think if you often! Send me email to update me on what's happening with you.
Just one low payment of $10! :)
Good morning everybody. Including Celtics and Heat fans.
Once more into the fray. Into the last good fight I'll ever know. Live or die on this day. Live or die on this day.
Yeah, that fisheye lens is not flattering..
Just brewed some Stumptown coffee in a Chemex pot, if you guys were wondering what that disturbance in the Hipster Force was.
It would prolly save you a few seconds RT : nope just a haircut. I should shave myself completely for your big 5k!
please follow mee
In this new venture....will we have no names? If so. Fuckin' count me in.
congrats!! 7 in a row!
Mom says I don't sleep enough , I'll sleep when I die
Getting ready for #sprint review meeting. Always feels a bit like a performance #scrum (looking at first sprint on new digital journals UI)
I'm not mad at you, I'm just mad at the situation.... That you created.
we're finally going to be fine! :-D
Shoutout to Purple Aires for that aweso,e performance of Battle of Jericho! ...But where was the descant?!
RT 172,000 jobs were sustained by visitors to wisconsin.
These new niggas talkin bout they sendin em... Nigga u couldn't pimp ur way outta wet paper bag wit scissors n ur hand
Taking 18 credits next semester, only on Mondays and Wednesdays.
Thank you for a Bitchin work ethic I get to leave work an hr early!
oh okay, thanks for the update. I was in the gym, and could only see the score. We need him, he need to work that out soon!
Ginuwine's Pony
My mother is rightfully worried that I'll never visit her in NC now! Am v fume-y and mad.
Do you get complaints about language?
actually...only 4 hrs...all by Phil. What a power hitter.
awesome photos
Took me forever to get used to progressive lenses. And still get dizzy if I turn my head too suddenly
Indeed. These are truly healing, aren't they...
Happy Mothers Day to my gorgeous mother Rosalia <3
Wish we could be ther for ya buddy...break a leg :)
I love Aaron Carter.
Seriously. The emotional drama cracks me up. We're in deep doodoo when they hit the tween/teen years.
#TBRays take the lead in Toronto
goodnight fellow tweeters ----> "If the bed bugs bite, kick 'em in the shin." ~~me {*haha*}
we would love to have ya'll show off some chevys in front our home and garden show www.lhaevents.com
San Antonio Spurs = surgical basketball.
I need a lesbian best friend...no joke.
Congrats what the exam for
RT : "I think same-sex couples should be able to get married." RT if you agree.
I hope Bradley Cooper is playing a rapist in a movie or something. That mustache is not okay.
sweet! Tell him to call us
My uncle back , (: I missed him . .
Very nice...Congrats.
The Pitch is like Pete Campbell, they both try so hard that it's fake
Upcoming...a review of on Stay tuned!
"Everybody knows how to raise children, except the people who have them." ~P. J. O'Rourke
Boojie?? NOT EVEN!!! I be wanting to text you, but you know ever since you got a man you been acting boojie on me. Haha
Yes, love the #badcharts link! Geeky Tech Comm humor...
I grew up on big southern wrap-around porches... But I'd settle for a stoop. :)
#bestbreakupexcuses I died
Can we keep Lucroy at 2nd in lineup?
my iphone says the low today will be 46. it also says it's 36 right now.
You already know
I Started This Song Wanna Get On The Track With Me?
Tebowmania lasts for 6 more days. Gotta love
thank you! doesn't usually disappoint me. Let's hope Neil Simon doesn't either. ;)
Today at work I contributed a photo of 's Iowa-shaped chip for barackobama.tumblr.com. Today's a great day.
Adele mineswell sit on stage.. Gotta love her
u cool tho slime
I Cried When I Heard Moments For The First Time :'(
Very true. The States role in marriage is different than the Church's role
Crap.... Smoke & Newman are not doing well today....Race isn't over yet, but not looking good!
Best wishes! I hope everything goes well for you!
Me too - would love to go back!
Yes: “Big Generator” Listening the old-fashioned way: Very loud (no ear buds, floor shaking, possibly annoyed neighbors).
Let's go Rangers!
i realized just now my dads thumb in the bottom left and then the guy completly derping in the back
I always have liked and appreciated Bill Self. Tremendous college coach
#NFLPA Exit Symposium The 2012 offering focused on: Being a better father and integrating back into family life after football
Hello gorgeous (yes, you)!!!! xoxo
Not to be mean or anything but I LOVE YOU! HAHAHAHAHA IM FUNNY jkjk(: PLEASE NOTICE ME(:
In response to our local fireworks ban, try the LCP's homemade 'hood fireworks recipe!: Emptied gunshell powder + rolling papers + caution.
Stole a sample of my first all-grain after 2wk. fermentation. Very happy. On to a 7 day dry-hop and then to bottle. Firing an IPA next.
It&#39;s Way Too Easy to Become an Expert Witness in Forensics
good luck with everything that your doin(:
its great isn't it ;-)
Life is a chess game.
The #CherryBerryChiller at #McDonalds was so good. I bought 2
Holla if you have me, fuck you if you had. Words of wisdom of #Drake :*
Love and peace to you and your family
I throw my middle finger up in the sky -Cobra Starship
yay!!! Thank you babe!
The 2011 NFL Combine has come to a close. Congrats to the Dow Lohnes rookies. Great job!
will do, thanks for the follow back and I'll shoot you a quick note soon.
Louis , please please please Answer my questions , Would you come to Turkey?
Next person to follow me I will follow back
You guys have the power to help us get big and well known all you have to do is take a few min. and tell someone about us!
If you really wanna get pulled over, don't speed or drive drunk; just have a headlight out.
because you saw the episode of ID with that 100 year sentence
Bright lights, big dreams.
you're beautiful and perfect and don't ever change ok?
It's almost time for the reveal! At 507pm Maryann will see her new room! You can stream it online at www.newsplex.com
❤😊 RT : Forgetting to smile is like forgetting to thank GOD for another day of life.
it's pretty obvious we need to get together for a drink again soon.
Me n bj gettin pudgy in the club
Time to sleep...Hope to see you tonight at REHAB...
Okay thank you for letting me know
cheers mates!
R.I.P. Levon Helm... I'll be watching "The Last Waltz" tonight in your memory.
Go & Broncos! Great game!
Well shit!!! “: "First Egypt ruins my Angry Birds moment, not the President ruins my Super Bowl buzz." That's why I love ”
CONGRATS! on the 2012 Best Places to Work in Vermont ranking.
Diana would say I also like Sarah M and Celine Dion. Diana is a hopeless romantic. Good possibility that Diana met her soulmate before she
listening to the walkmen for a while was a good re-charge before the post game festivities tonight
twitter jail for the second time lol
'Relax a bit' = 'Sleep', right? You must do that once in a while I'm certain.
One more final tonight then back to Columbus!
Thanks for the help. Turned out to be a virus. Malwarebytes found it, but Microsoft Security Essentials didn't.
No ze 2 Terabyte External is not coming up on ze compootahhhhhhhhhhh
Rainy day blues cause me to choose to roll myself over and pound on the snooze.
Cuz they both have dreads. Wait, no they don't.
SmashTag influence is spreading! This week our shirts have shipped to Farmingdale, NJ, Holmdel, NJ, and Fort Worth, TX. Thanks!
Why do you say that?
Truth gets higher ratings than fiction! I have some unbelievable true crime stories to share!
It's whispering to me.... oh my god what is happening.
How much did you get for Livan Hernandez?
Ugghh I wanna go back to sleep-_- driving into the city today 😱 just gonna go to sleep in the truck
Thanks for following us! WE need to get ArtStar and Hennessy Designs together :)
Ohio 2014 CB Alonzo Saxton on his #Badgers offer: "I know they are a good academic program and one of the best in their region."
Thanks Tracy!
this would only be amusing if i was studying for finals and not already graduated.
:( this is not a good time...
What number was that one that led to a McGloin interception? Oh yes, all of them.
Scientists have found more than 800 separate aromatic compounds in coffee.
If I link to it, I know all about it. I swears.
Giants win and I am the happiest girl ever right now
I wish all planes have a parachute, so that it can be opened at times of possible plane crash! Pls RT ! Please retweet this!
Do we need defined hours of work any more?
Good morning! "Decide what you want, decide what you are willing to exchange for it. Establish your priorities and go to work." - H.L. Hunt
Now bxtch you know she TAKEN ; why you keep trying
Thank goodness for the snooze button.
..come on!! ASAP!! I have a guest room set up just for you.. Lol
Getting my hair cut and colored. Got to find ways to keep changes in my life!
I don't chalk the issue w/ Ruby-Processing up to the language/library but my own inability to get it, of course.
Dilaudid is the shit. Kidney stones, however are not.
Whitewater day with stagg bowl viewing at the eastsider at 6. Go UWW!
my belt is unbuckled. my zipper is open.
yes the boys in Oz-Land with me i'm al about! ;-)
I hope you boys like your present:)
For my own information, that comes out to 79.9GB of data. Should I just get the largest HD I can get?
:( Aw Man In My Swiper Voice)
aww i remember you would make those in 8th grade
I'm now the Baroness of Baldwin Park on #Yelp!
‎ Hey look, it's a double rainbow ...I'm pretty sure that means you're double gay.
There are vendors who have cost effective HIPAA portals out there, usually via email. If you google, you may find.
"Shift" - kiss. Ex. Did ya shift her?
How you not know it was raining outside, sometimes i wonder if ppl heads are hollow
my vistaprint ones where kinda ghetto - so I wanted to try something else -
dude does this chick only know red heads?! Damn.
done. RT : Detroit's reckless D-line aggression requires a LB like Tulloch behind it or you get the Eagles.
RT : seriously, is just completely stealing our GSA vids without credit.
If you're a guy looking for the best suit you can get at a great price-point, check out
When I was a kid the movie, "The Gate" really scared me.
RT : Damn last night we got our ass whooped but it's cool tho they still my team
#I #fucking #hate #people #I #really #do. PrincessCiera
How is that even remotely a travel? Game changing call.
I ain't petty, I just don't like giving away or lending out my shit, I work too hard for it
yep! Those inner voices who censor us, the fear of saying too much, the anxiety over the critics who might go for our throats
#BWEChat tomorrow night at 9 EST. Our guest is and he's going to talk about why Pinterest isn't just for women
ii want a dog..may get Peebles from Kee n dogsit for a while..she be neglecting her..kmsl
no dessert, because I have to stay awake for the rest of the day at work. I'm pushing it with all those sides already.
Nees a tactful way to snap photos of friends' #BadArt for my collection. House party had potential: lumpy women climbing & disfigured horses
Why does make me plug in my SSN, BD, and ask if I want to speak to a representative -- only to tell me that they are closed??????????
I saw you talking about some girl earlier. i see youre moving on lmao
I'll tell you about her when I get back. She's something special.
Have fun! can't wait for xmas break!
I really need a Capo. But I haven't gotten the time to go and get one.
Jury duty.. Looks like its going to be on for the next week... sigh!?!?!?!?!
Why do trends break in subculture first? Because the majority of us are trying to be what we're not.
So proud to have you at , !
During difficult economic times, this statistic tends to get worse. It is true that if a burglars really wants to get into your house,
Need a place for dinner? Come by! We're a 5 minute cab ride from the Gaslamp...Our Sangria is famous in San Diego! 619.255.2856
Woke up this morn & a layer of flesh was missing from the roof of my mouth. Damn you delicious late night Edisons pizza!.
“ Smokin on purp ease my mind”
Selling Card Caddies Outdoor Business Card Holders $14.95
Ideally. RT You. Only. Graduate. Once.
I am a happy camper right now
Happy Holidays!!!!
aww, I love her to pieces!! What a compliment!!
Have always loved Tom Gabel and it's only been reinforced now. Hope I someday have that kind of courage when it comes to ANYTHING. Much love
Ain't that the truth bro. Don't forget the black women trained to emasculate bros
Protesters in trees? RT Police have Pike between 1st and 2nd blocked off. Several arrests made. Protesters in trees, chanting.
when i order from #amazon now i say its a gift and write AMAZON WORKERS! UNIONIZE! in the free gift message.
Blue Olives at Badger Bowl tomorrow night.
Good Morning! Ads are the cave art of the twentieth century. -Marshall McLuhan
Trying to get my hands on a HP #touchpad People shouldn't be allowed to buy 20 and then sell them for 2x more
(((deb and my dad are staying at the bar while hannah and i party in the pits lawls)))
Should robots. At least, if humans are going to be that incompetent.
Drinks and wings on a Wednesday #LarryTime w/ ....people over my crib tomorrow and EDC on Friday,
because she doesn't have arms!!!lol wait another one knock knock!
People still coming in,about 50 at fan gear, was supposed to start 10 mins ago
I am with u
I wanna change mines to powder pink who did yours
You guys we have to get #ChicagoSkylineBand.com trending!!! Take 1 min. Of your time and post it!!
Barnes: "[O]ur perceptions of...disability are coloured by a deep-rooted psychological fear of the unknown, the anomalous and the abnormal."
Number 7 :Alicia Keys
Productive meeting in Beckley this morning on fixing the drug problem
Off to #Vegas for Super Bowl weekend, February 3-6, staying at the marvelous Good times ahead... My pick? for the win!
no problem.
#thesave I will be voting for next week. I fell asleep and didn't vote. She is the best singer in the competition!!!!!
Hey there, (eshrack), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
": Yes, everything happens for a reason. But don't use that as an excuse as to why you make stupid decisions."
Ever do something in high school you weren't proud of? I know I did. 17 yr old me did a lot to make 34 yr old me blush.
Looks like we're not going to get a KU-MU matchup for the Big 12 championship. Very disappointing.
I participated in a #WalkForAutism yesterday; I got distracted a few minutes in. Yelled at a few people and then got frustrated and quit.
Thinking "what if someone else in the world is doing the exact same thing as me right now?"
And here is our fabulous May lineup for Broad Ripple: Jason Canning, Nate Bargatze, Pete Lee, Karen Mills, Open Bra Night w/
congrats! When's the due date?
Ever since Ariana was a little girl, she's accomplished many, from gettin leads in plays and performing. She still accomplishes more &more♥
Also congrats to and Katie Beirne who are tying the knot tonight. Huzzah!! to quote
I didn't even know Von texted me back. Lol. My bad!
He's a good egg.
Thanks for the #FF, Brian! Have a great weekend! Go CATS!
lol I been at wrk since 11 I'm way to tired...I was at ya job last nite
Did you know Chispa Marketing is a social media partner for the Women’s International Holistic Conference? Join us!
I am a very lucky man.
Obama asking WWRD? is not "unpresidential", it's an important question to ask the electorate. Mitt's own words are a cause for concern.
it gets better too! They took our picture for the wall last time we were here, too! But mainly to tilt you! <3
didnt we say the same thing last year?
I Cry Off EverySad Moviee Now!
Call (317) 264-3585 now to speak to a catering consultant to make the arrangements for your special event at Milano Inn.
Done on computer for tonight. Goodnight folloewers
@ 3 suns bistro listening to a few jams with my buddy . whats going on in lex tonight?-BH
is waiting for SILVERDOCS to end and wishes 4 more time in the day!
“: As an #Aries you tend to favor someone who is self-assured,decisive and capable of leading more or less.”
I feel sorry for the Memphians killed in the avalanche.
Shocker your from Philly?
Yes. Its my fault that we are late.Its my fault that the bus in front of us makes 20 stops. Its okay... It can be my fault. :p
lol yep! First ever! I think I'm gonna really enjoy it too :)
That was my favorite line, too!
I now have a program called Virtual DJ on my laptop and im listening to john mayer chopped and screwed, ITS HILARIOUS!
Why is this girl tryin to fuck everyone in PA right now.
y'all should've took me !
My segment with Steve Dolinksy ("a.k.a. The Hungry Hound") airs on ABC-7 today at 11 a.m. Find out about gems tucked into places!
Thanks for the add, Hope to see you soon!
Come and try a Ginger Bread Latte at GRIND
EVERYONE!!!!!!! PLEASE RE-FOLLOW ME AT I GOT HACKED!!! REFOLLOW ME!! AND I FOLLOW BACK IF U ASK!!!!
instead i choose to fight with my pen and my notebook.
Welcome back Marcelo! How are you enjoying #LiNC?
50 Cent and Justin Bieber
Make sure you have July 10th at the Hard Rock Nashville marked down in your calendar! Gonna be a great show :)
RT : The Volkswagen Club of Milwaukee will be displaying their vintage cars ALL 4 days of German Fest this year!
aight I got you. Text me your new e-mail
We just launched in Boston. Would love your feedback! www.weatherist.com
I swear apple is just trying to ruin my life.
I cannot wait to get a spray tan tomorrow
"We debated the choice, we reflected. To have a bigger group than we'll take to the Euros, at this time, isn't a bad thing. [Yoann], even if
Democracy is about governing ourselves. - Shawn Lawrence Otto at
a very good point :) *slinks off in shame*
Um...why am I not in that video?! I kid. It's GREAT! I like Alyssa and Will's comments. Phill made me chuckle too. :)
lol! I know! It sounded like a good idea at 8 o'clock.
You're wrong if you think i'd be just like her.
Blackshear was a pleasant surprise tonight Kyle had problems with the uk length again
Steak, brats, and burgers. Ron Swanson would be proud.
wow, love for both of you just increased like whoa!!!
We are at from 4-6 sampling the Kind & Bromigo. Come say hi
Peaceful Journey Heavs...
Little minds attain and are subdued by misfortunes; but great minds rise above them. -Washington Irving
You are a racist toy collector Cresta!
When eating bamboo sprouts, remember the man who planted them. ~ Chinese Proverb
I'll give some credit, that new commercial with Sir Charles Barkley is pretty damn funny
NEW AVI, NEW BACKGROUND, NEW MUSIC
Suspending my moral vow never to wear a suit for business purposes JUST for this morning.
Cabo would be pretty sweet. Assuming it would be really expensive. Getting a tan is an underweighted commodity.
Today I bought #Nutella for the sole purpose of eating it out of the container with a spoon.
R.i.p. 2 dis beat I killed
My mind is already transitioning from Tax Lady to Balance Lady. Am getting ahead of myself, but why not? Because I can!
who's know where u are @ this moment in ur relationship I jus hope u follow ur heart don't loose urself again.
I'm off 2 the park 2 draw! So loving days off!!
Juni: (to Carmen) Diaper lady! *smiles*
Aoki era / New Brewer from the Far East / says Konichiwa
Let me check. is leading the charge.
"Prayer is a faith-based act of love that makes miracles possible." ~ Solomon Mark 11:22-24
&quot;UFC on Fox 3 - Nate Diaz Vs Jim Miller&quot; Main Card Picks and Predictions: Fan&#39;s View
Find God. Put/Keep him First and keep it moving. Then you can't be touched.
what's that supposed to mean....
This is like the third time Jeter is coming up to hit.
Dude wearing a confederate flag tshirt saying heritage not hate. Bro, your heritage is nothing but hate.
Holy high waves at
Headed to for Spring Break? Party the night away Contact me for #VIP tables and information about upcoming events
I won't be walking around with a broke phone
We can still use more volunteers at polling locations and on the phones; you CAN make a difference today. Call 410-338-4036 !
The men's restroom is about to become reality!
lmao I'm not a mom, I don't have kids!! Hahhahaha
i feel like i'll always be second best.
Are you more excited about the #superbowl or the #commercials?
Someone told me coconut water is great for a hangover!
very good news about your offspring and his accomplishments.God be the glory on your parenting skills and vision for your son.
Anyone looking for a sales / mktg job? DM me'
im jealous of you guys!!!
go to see a nigga then
I hate how I have been a fan of 1D way before people in my school and they get tickets to the concert and I can't even get them. I'm pissed
I want them for me. picks the 11 best illustrated children's books of 2011. brainpickings.org/index.php/2011
sure :) your followed
We're taking a break from recording this week to prepare for The Weekly Current 2.0. Send us some songs, yo.
Got to sit on the stage while NSN played! Awesome night, got to meet Hayden and Taylor! 😍
Right now, at this moment, making Arturo google Carol Bove and Echo Eggbrecht
;P true hunter UTG 4X32 Extra Long Eye Relief TS Compact Scope with Airsoft Rings
thanks, I may have to take you up on that. Will have a lot to figure out within the first few weeks!
Let's go #Reds! Beat the
You betcha, they were both rye anyway. Why not!?
Story Hour with Miss Kathy! Today at 4:15!
We know you're ready, sir! See you on 4/14?
RT : If you've never eaten at The Stanton Social in the LES, you need to correct that sh*t fast. Fantastic restaurant.
Back on 95...
this demonstrates that Obama care still has not effectively lived up to the promises made!!! Has Romney care addressed this?
Finally in Jersey..
I have an inappropriate crush on Adam Duritz.
A little karaoke before work...
man if i hit the lotto just one time...
thanks u too!!! For the pups :)
I wonder who showed you that;)
I foresee a lot of parmesan artichoke spread from in my future. Why have I never tried that before?!
Thanks! Same to you!
thanks for the follow!!!!
know your busy Mr Maiocco thanks for the quick response much appreciated #CSNforlifego49ers!!
Nice! Pics? Nothing like miniatures to get me all excited.
Lots of good tips for wedding pros from via #weddingmarket chat!
Just did my best version of #Dado in magical NYC running weather. :)
trying to get a few records for project can u dm ur contact? thx
Congrats, Ryan!
weird! i wonder why... it is awesome.. sorry dude!
Outside = sucks.
yes. Yo, pick me up a double double with grilled onions and animal style fries welldone plzkthx
Johnny 5 still alive.
Planning on attending the Grammy Viewing Party in Seattle this weekend with friends. Musicians are great people regardless of reputation;-)
bahahaha i was like i needa look myself up
Hey! Your face just popped up, so I thought I'd ask: any chance you're attending Explore Nashville this week?
r the guy that got kicked out of Barnes & Noble for moving the Bibles to the fiction section?
Who does everyone have winning the super bowl this year?
...dude found out we're cousins....Caroline America Hanks is my great Grandma.......sister to Nancy I believe......
$1.00 OFF CHLOROPHYLL ALL MAY LONG!!! Detoxifies Digestive Tract & Supports Intestinal, Circulatory & Digestive Health! Fresh Mint Flavor!
hii kelly look made a twitter ! She act too and she also sings ! Go and follow her ! She will follow you back
Playing big my man! Time to turn it up and play above what you and the team thought was possible! Boston's scared.
on rapid iterative design at publishers meeting.
We're live-tweeting James Barham's discussion of his new report on #foodhubs today at 10:30am PST. Think there will be news?
I hate when people ask for a follow back, but they're not even following you.
Hey Elle, I just messaged you information about Peace Day 2011. It is in 3 messages. THANK YOU so much!!!
Congrats! Welcome to the crazy post-graduate life that some people call "adulthood."
true but didn't she start crap with Kim saying she was on "crack" if you don't know someone u don't say stuff like that about them
no I haven't had a chance. I will as soon as I can :)
um-that is NOT lisa Turtle! yikes!
It says request could not be completed!!!!!!!!!!!
where is that?! i want to go to there
I love that today's date only happens once every four years. #happyleapday :)
Remarkable employees know when to play and when to be serious; when to be irreverent & when to conform; when to challenge & when to back off
you know I'm down whenever. It'll happen very soon
#Packers set Family Night for Friday, Aug. 3. Details coming
Had such a great weekend with the hubby... Doesn't want it to end
Caleb just loves calling people on my phone, He's called everyone in my contacts! He's so sweet.(:
Yes, we liked it! But I could not find on your feed. Thank you for resending. #welikeyoualready ;)
in a way that's cool tho like isn't that the reason u went to the army??
Go, Rangers!
#ArtFact: #Leonardo #daVinci was a vegetarian and animal rights activist, he would buy caged birds and set them free.
that is clever- I bet he hijacked your wireless-
Who wakes up at 8:30 when they are support to be at work at 8:30... That would be me!!!!
Someone come sit with me at the library so I don't look like a huge idiot
#Seahawks sign Frank Omiyale or as Bears fans lovingly referred to him "Gate 68." So, uh, good for adding depth!
I just want my parents to be proud of me. K.
The lack of it these past few days, has made me realize that sleep is the most beautiful experience in life - except drinking.
would you like the vid link when it's ready?
I always go for the spring rolls and Pho. The crab dangling is extra yummy too.
but I am so bored /:
Rough OT loss for the
:O im so sorry!!!! I did but im so sorry!! D:
you know you had fun the night before when you're a little sore the next morning😄
This Rhianna and Chris Brown song should be illegal.
you know you did. #bestfriends #remember?
You should find a good fish fry we can hit up on Friday
Does he work there now?
My greatest work to date, "Dollar and a Dream," is available wherever Cds r sold online. Support the dream and get one today.
eating squatch food -pumpkins (pie) watermelon donuts bacon n beer all known to lube vocal chords.
well Jamie Moyer is like 82959288492949274636 years old....
I <3 Duke University!!
thank you! :)
When I say just kidding, I'm usually not
Tell me tell me tell me tell me tell me tell me tell me
2012 film watching! #34. Journey 2:The Mysterious Island (Peyton, 2012). This was very terrible. The only redeeming quality was Louis Guzman
#ICantStandPeople who are conceited.
Friday's Fact: The space between your eyebrows is called the Glabella.
I love red velvet cake... But it plays with my mind.
"Give attention to the details in everything you doAnd excellence will come."
Ugh, why is it so difficult to get 6 people in a room together at the same time?
I celebrated last nite cuz I got sum fantastic news! Tequila Sunrise ;) I 4got how good those taste! Hadn't had 1 in 4ever. Life is good!
so , I've moved on . And I now hate you .
ahah may we forever die of laughter:b
oh wow. It always cold here. Winters are the worst here
Happy Halloween From All of us at SenSpa!
#Sushi happened tonight. We were dealing with withdrawal symptoms:-))
People up each other asses
DJ CNC & V.I.P HOST PIG PRESENTS ULTIMATE STRPPER CAGE FIGHTS & NBA FINALS TONIGHT 'S CABARET 4516 N. 19TH AVE
Official announcement: Today I decided my rapper/DJ name is Chubby Stackz.
so hard to walk away! Lol... Rather do anything but sleep but I can't even stay up past 2 on the weekends it seems
better one: the “tittle” is the name of the dot over the lowercase letters i and j.
Excellence is the gradual result of always striving to do better. - Pat Riley
#gail2010 great active learning exercise on plagiarism with Ga. Tech.
wats good bro'
Hope the same for you!
is there an Arrested Development reference here that I can't recall?
Yep. It be like that sometimes.
Crowded elevators smell different to midgets.
Just puch me in the face when shhhhttttt gets too real!!
and are shaking every ass in this place
it sucks
U don't think that bear on 's tweets now warms his toes? MT : Not sure abt journo as big game hunter metaphor
I wonder if any HS kids saw the verbal tirade that Pitino unleashed on his PG, Siva.
RT : We're trying something a little different for our next #ConnectChat, "How to Connect w/ the Media." Details here:...
watching cartoons with my daughter on a saturday morning...
#Hulu please get new commercials!!
Can't wait for THE GRANDMASTERS. Has William Chang learned to carry WKW without Doyle's help?
Has been sufficiently entertained by Tavaris Jackson.
Have you ever heard or read about 10 cent beer night at an Indians/Rangers game in Cleveland? Samhaeyn
in #cincinnati tonight at music hall!
Suspect I'm missing something. Agree; offline would be better.
Checking out some drum lines and bands on
Agreed. Do I believe in God? Yes. Do I think we should view ourselves as "vessels" to jusitfy war in name of? NO.
good morning I love you 💗
Full from my big dinner & about to enjoy my evening with while haterz cry themselves to sleep
‎"A woman should wear perfume wherever she wants to be kissed." Coco Chanel
Dedicates all his goals to the ladies.
Sorrow is a fruit. God does not make it grow on limbs too weak to bear it.
There was a mix up this evening. Apparently #SportingKC is playing in a tennis complex instead of a soccer stadium.
Awww My Sissy Just Drove Over Here && Surprised Me :) Lols That Was Cool I Aint Seen ha In A Lil Minute,
the awkward moment when your alone with your ex
Ship building company in Singapore is looking for a General Manager with good neg skill for tender preparation, project coor. send CV to me
#IADMIT I need to move on
Oh no! Walking for healthy stronger babies is a good way to help! Sorry for your loss.
Christmas brings excitement; post-Christmas brings a return to normalcy. Looking forward to both.
Soulja Boy got off on what you know
Happy, happy Birthday to our very dear friend and a wonderful person ! Have an amazing day! XO
Darn twitter virus
"What is the best dog for cat lovers?" I am not going to fall for what is clearly a trick or loaded question.
Hoping Madison makes bank that weekend on citations...event truly has gotten out of control, only way to reel it in is2actually enforce laws
We're half way through our #TwitterParty with Keep your questions coming!
O Yea, Thats A Big Change... Smh.
I hear rumor that we can expect a really awesome coming out story today.
I meant where are you guys raging? I am too old to rage.
Planning full day of shopping in #chitown and getting any/everything i want!!
Any parties coming up?! Ask us about having it on Fridays , & Sat <3 to help out!
What's goin on , you good??
all of a sudden i have a craving for some #JamaicanFood ....Donna's or Country Walk??
Damn...who is the hot physio on the Chelsea bench! I am backing her to score next!
wow - awful... Rather hear jenny dell all night and she is like a robot, liner jock
bye bye internet, back to my insomniac reading.
Lecture capture best practices highlighted by bit.ly/pvbLUs
Ah! Good point.
Got all my orders done, now I'm ready for my vacation.
hahaha it's so hard on my iPhone..just don't judge me! Giggle all you want because I am lol
I am SO SORRY. My twitter account has been hacked. Please, DO NOT open this and change your password for your protection. Thanks, LM
fags with #attitude I can't take that 😡
This is fantastic, how did I not watch this before??
Pretty glad to be out of the NYC taxi right now. I may hire myself a coach!
Life's golden age is when the kids are too old to need baby-sitters and too young to borrow the family car.
The first police car was used in 1899 in England
Standoff at the Marion County Juvenile Correctional Facility..10TV cameras on the scene..plus, Columbus Police planning new cuts-all at 5am!
answer... Well you're nice and talk to me like I don't suck dick for money.
To realise the value of ONE HOUR, ask the lovers who are waiting to meet.
Get ready for a new fish at your local restuarant. I believe Lion fish are every bit as tasty as Hogfish. I really enjoyed eating them 2day
Each Groves residence is designed to meet accessibility requirements to ensure residents receive care in as dignified a way possible.
Mr. Sun please leave .. its gonna be 7 already
lol I no
my mom survived thyroid cancer... 7 years ago
Robert Kennedy often encouraged great societies, "To whomever much is given, of him will much be required." (from the book of Luke). - JDG
Rangers rangers rangers base freggin ball starts tomorrow.
Pujols: "I'm taking my talents to Anaheim ... I mean Los Angeles ... I mean Los Angeles of Anaheim."
Studio tonite! What beat should we release a freestyle to ?! RT!
It is estimated that 30% of adults and 40% of children suffer from nasal
It was my pleasure Ellie! Not awkward at all, always great to meet the person behind the Twitter handle. Go Crew!
I get that patience is a virtue, but what are some other, less publicized, virtues? Is there a list I can access?
Its curtains for THE LAKESHOW!!!
I can back that. They're actually a big influence on Will, our guitar player.
the feeling when your almost done with a paper you have to write is the best feeling ever.
Yes!! Say that PREACHA
Who has the pictures? I can't wait to see them. I apparently only took about 5.
what's your favorite social network? we recently joined Pinterest!
Finally got to see #TheAvengers! Such a good movie!! Well worth the wait! Chris Evans and Robert Downy Jr. are pretty bad ass!
Tofu stir fry for dinner tonight! Gotta admit, I never have liked tofu, but my girlfriend did Awesome making it taste delicious!
Thank you for your support!
is a 1997 grad and a special correspondent for CBS This Morning and anchor of Sunday edition of Evening News
be sure to yell.. "get off my lawn!"
#friendsatsnarfs = #friends4life has been done a thing. since the grand opening on march 1st..
I'll get you attatched and then i'll drop you . See how it feels, bitch .
Looked like his knee was down just a bit short
Branson Stars & Flags 2011 Non-fiction – Subject Specific: 1st place: The Depths of Courage: American Submarines at War by Flint Whitlock
We hope the strawberry ice cream was enjoyed by all!
Merry CHRISTmas everyone! Have a safe New Year! Thanks for following me, thanks for sharing the new video, and thanks for your support!
Michael Come back to Madison! We could use you!!
Question: Is it cool to include Web 2.0 apps in "instructional technologies," or are they their own category? Separate or equal?
When did catching up on my TV feel like a chore?
What do I watch, Signs or Red Dragon?
YOU ARE UNIQUE
I'm almost tempted to create 36 other twitter accounts to follow :x
Meanwhile, Washoe County officials have blasted the firefighters union as part of the reason its leaving the Reno Fire Department.
TONIGHT & the Underdawgs at at 11p and you might with a free signed Shamarr #JazzFest poster!
there once was a group with liam and niall..
Yes I did graduate then! When did you graduate?
What did you do this weekend? Did anything crazy happen?
let's get together soon. It has been way too long!
Looks like it's either teaching or nothing next semester, so I've begun plotting how to persuade prof to let me incorporate technology.
100K!!! I smell world tour!
Thx for the K+!
for me it turned into an exercise in false expectations & shattered assumptions. I developed a theory too long to explain here
Stomping through Publix while running to embarrass >>> Haha!! 😄
whats good b how u doing
i think i over did it on the sugar/creamer...it's water the rest of the way for me.
Having a first & last name with an equal amount of letters. >
I'm exhausted. I have so much work to do.
Fill in the blanks: "I could ______, or I could just stay here and ______"
Wavecrest Woodies meet at Moonlight Beach was great. My favorite were the 2 cute little dogs in the small woodie wagon.
Always good seeing :D
I love morning T rides :)
I hate waiting on people
so sweet!
yes, there is the autograph session at 11 and the Cougar Kids Zone that will be up the entire day
that's horrible D: did you already buy your ticket?
and why was I not mentioned in that Tweet?
Will we need both hands to drink #Trenta sized beverages from ? If so, Knee Driving 101 may need to become part of driver's ed!
I'm done eating and I am playing 2 k11
RE: All Republican Delegates Are “Free Agents” & Unbound? Does that make then Free Radicals?
yoooo...the troops said you killed!
Waiting for nurse to come over
Austin makes us smile. ♥
Lol i wanna see the dictator !
hahaha got it to upload my picture but they cut out #so.not.cool !! gonna fix it.....again!
okay. (; bye bye oh does Austin follow you? If he dosnt I'll try to get him to follow you <3
I take pictures in everyones bathrooms but mine, lol
#KSsynapse Zoghbi: These mice only had 30% loss in GABA transmission, but this caused a multitude of psychiatric phenotypes.
very funny about cab driver and Whole Food. What did you get?
Thankful to the universe for this opportunity to grow and glow.
get off my sister case
Stephen Ross has to be ecstatic right now.
I did enough thinking, I asked enough questions; now all that is left are actions.
Grim news from eye doc. Looking forward to the rest of my career on concrete poetry & land art.
I'm officially unfollowing all the people that are asking people to follow them.
Been up since 2am sleep is not in my vocabulary right now. It's Saturday better make it a day and get this monkey off my back.
haha its true!!
Why is the voice uk so much better than the voice us???? The talent is so much better!!!!
Ty Lawson is a freakin' beast. Real talk
don't.
Great meeting this morning with Gordon Murphy. Enjoyed learning about the Barnabas Group and talking about the old CCDA days.
you guys killed it at the Larimer Lounge in Denver. loved it. the second to last song (one of your new songs) was the shit!
ouch! What happened?
RT : : wht's everyone doing ths wknd? Going 2 C the Declaration of Independence at the VHS 4 FREE on Saturday!!
My workout varies too, stretching, weights. Best cardio being walked by 2 dogs! : )
The Avengers was fantastic. The writers did a wonderful job, the special f/x were good - I could happily see it again. Thumbs up!
Yay for the current chaos in your workplace. :)
We called after +hour to see where our pizza was & were told we "cursed" the guy out. Uh, no. We didn't say anything but we r now!
I'm starting 2 kick around a few potential #NewYearsResolutions. 1st idea; b more gracious 2 #Sherpas. After all, I luv those little fuckers
Wow that was the fastest emergency room visit ever. In and out with 5 stitches in under an hour!
Daniel Thomas: Thomas runs effectively in Week 6 vs. Jets
Rt Great day today. Bucks win, brewers win, shot 77 at Whistling. Looking forward to Monday back at the Bradley Center
wade got kobeitis
Every generation thinks it has the answers, and every generation is humbled by nature.
It's raining 3s! Keep it up #Buckeyes!
Happy birthday to the Petes -
hii Liam we've missed u! Hope u had a wondeful time <3
double brain damage - watching the buffs get blown out on sat. & sitting thru all those ABC Pan Am promos . No surprise it's awful.
My damn head hurt like raw dick in a virgin o.0
what did you do?
she ia my little baby
Are you dressed daily in the clothes of humility?
I just can't shake this migraine!
thanks for following me
Hey guys. :) Love you guys. :) Lmao.
I did. It was Moulin Rouge..and it wasn't pussy.
i love you.
where are you???
“: Big news for 4 St. Louis Chefs & James Beard Foundation!! CONGRATS!!
Any possibility of a strike-shortened baseball season this year?
The lime coming to your city soon!
Shut up
Just saw The Help and it was amazing. I highly recommend it.
WANT. Giant brownie in a cup...m
Because Les Mis is one of my favorite things ever and a it's a movie now. One day I'll post videos of me *in* Les Mis. Yikes!
UK baseball in the latest polls: Collegiate Baseball - #2, Baseball America - #4, USA Today/ESPN Coaches -
I always tried to turn every disaster into an opportunity. - John D. Rockefeller
That's a great feeling!! A lot of people don't feel that way about their colleagues.
Vote Mitt Romney: Because the GOP deserves it's own John Kerry!
Get used to it!
This is gonna take cracker jack timing.
Saw Green Lantern....Awesome!
the package has been delivered. Left with Cara (?)
Wisconsin vs Mich St on Halloween Saturday will not be a night game. What a joke.
yo PFT, what's your position? Fans, owners, or players?
A part of my lawn is sunken and barren. New Orleans, know a good landscape artist I might call?
Wow, you were attacking Mitt not so long ago...
Ohh, we're blushing! :) Thank you for the shout-out!
my phone text is just as bad as twitter. Sometimes I have more to say that 140 letters.
Polyphony H.S. loves you! Thanks for all you do for young writers!
haha! half of your face looks kinda old! :D
ohh me too. And ohh wow r there still games? I would wanna go see her play. And meet u!
Went with S to sell some car parts to some Craigslist guy. Of course he ends up talking hondas with this dude for 5 hours.
Margarita and nachos with my Lovely at Old Taos Inn. No complaints.
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people !!
Taking it real slow right now . Going to LA in a few weeks .
Lol I'm sure I speak for the whole team....
thanks!! We miss you too!! xoxo,
#LittleWhiteLies I had a great time
haha, it's the same story here in #Spokane - lots of rain and some snow! RT Did I miss something...like Spring and Summer???
I love my life made in lex #sohappy #lovelex #😍😍😃😃
Haha! You have a really good memory! I want to come see you & booza soon! :)) I think we should make come with!
Do you make any of these big Twitter mistakes? unprofesh, no profile pic, uneven follower-follow ratio, too self-serving, too many updates.
Terrible! RT : And yet, through it all, nobody mentions he ripped off his brother's ideas and didn't pay for his website.
I love it when it's bright and sunny one minute and pouring down rain the next and then goes back to sunny. Yay for Florida!
lol that was funny tho. i'll give u that
Wow! Kickin it old school!
Thanks everyone for coming out and supporting us. Have a great weekend
playing hooky and going to
.Sched some wine R&D sometime?
I'm gonna go with smoke on this one or it would be cool to see Austin win
Yes this place is actually giving brake tags on Saturday. My odyssey is over.
Any suggestions for language screens for adults?
please follow me(:
RT Oh I love this time of year! // Me too !
“: Always good to know a lil bit of another language.. :)” ur barber must speak Swahili ?
Who named Milton, Hutchinson, & Overton streets in RegSq? All were 17th C english radicals.
#HappyBirthdayCody hope u have a good birthday both today and tomorrow!
got a question - can u text me
he looked great for the Reds a couple years back, then lost it. I guess he found it again!
Congratulations. Fabulous vacation as weight loss plan.
Pardon the onslaught of tweets today; tweeting from the San Diego Social Media Symposium learning new social media tips & tricks!
lol. And if by "no problem" you mean, packed to the gills, then yes, no problem.
hahahaha. I think he's going to pass up my dad in height. btw - lunch one of these days?
music never sleeps!
once i learned how to open it up and release the flavor tho..i love
RT : World Peace Suspended
Working on presentation 13/14 today! Woo! Tomorrow will be P7s and any late W6.
Alex Hart: lover, dreamer, triathlete
Loving 's #modevux keynote. Wisdom! Hilarity! Profanity!
We hope that we ate doing those things for our followers
whats good new followers, dam its been one hell of a week drama filled but fun. Get money
I #HATE when people try to make and be what their not........ You only got #OneLife so why waste it not being YOU.......
Cookin up some good shit for me and my lil mean!
Thank you for the follow... :)
I forgot why I don't do all nighters.....but now I remember, very clearly.
oops that word should of not been in there sorry it should read don't let lifestyle mishaps get u
If this whole journalism thing doesn't work out, I think I now know what I want my second career to be.
he is terrible
I used to respect wade. But he admits to taking the backseat to prince James. Chalmers, Haslem, Bosh, Battier. Fuck them.
Pain Nothing begins, and nothing ends, that is not paid with moan; for we are born in other's pain, and perish in our own. Thompson, Francis
I like them dipped in beer.
oh man, seriously. take a few hours to go poolside and relax with an icy drink and some sun girl. you deserve it!
Bout to Skype with the boyfriend
Tonight- Authority Zero w/ True Liberty, Under The Bridge, Idleminds and What Price Victory- Doors At 7pm- Canal Club
Buck was great calling the end of last night's game, but the "Tell Hugh Jackman"? Cmon.. still think Gus Johnson needs to call every chmpshp
www.jennifernangle.com Be there or be square!
Okay just gonna download one more song then off to bed. My body is gonna hate me tomorrow.
this year, choose different :) My plan is Wordcamp Seattle on may 19th, and Cheese Festival on May 20th.
Has the best support system ever! Thank you and
nothing i was just on their myspace and it reminded me. blhehehaslfsehse
Stopping for drinks/eats ? Our gallery's right next door for an artful break. Enter at green awning. Open till 6pm today!
hello Twitter
Don't like my tweets? Fanfuckingtastic. Unfollow me.
Way to go Atlanta!
a man and a woman found are dead in montrose. heading down there to get more details.
gas stoves are the best
I guess being the innovator of forcing passengers to pay to check bags wasn't the solution American Airlines. Hello Ch. 11!
Thinking of going Brazilian style and dropping my first name.
Needs to be more specific. Talking about sin in relation to just being gay is different than convos abt relationships or sex.
She keep her shyt clean I can hear it squeak when she walk
how it go?
My bro called off work so he could see my talent show performance on Friday! Gotta kill the stay like an elbow from World Peace
I'm off to the local rock shop to look for a ruby cabochon for a custom pendant.
had dinner at L'Abricot Patisserie in Tijuana, having their Ravioli Sampler, plus some tasty desserts. OK, so it was Mexifrenchtalian.
Damn i just realized I havent tried talking to #oomf in a long time.
Can't believe I actually got up and did my make up. 😒
But where's Ray J?
totally disgusting!
Haha me too!
I love the concept of Exergaming! What are you working on in that area?
get it girl!
Golf time round two
AGREE!!! A7 China's not only classier, it's greener. Save the planet :)
White people always give you that fake ass smile out in the public
that may be debatable since they have the largest app and music stores. But knowing user data is not a requirement. Engagement is.
Phone just auto corrected my "ha!" into "hats!". Sent it anyway and will just claim it's brand new slang.
lmfaaao man i be trying but it's hard shit.
Get out of here! They don't want anyone to pay their bill, I'm guessing.
cut to the chase and call it OS X PUSSY
Consensus goes 4-1 yesterday and we have 103 cappers with action posted so far this AM with 6 consensus posted all free
I lost my virginity to a snickers bar, it didn't satisfy me.
Chrysler Detroit superbowl commercial used photoshopped footage from Madison 2011 protests
book 2 is coming soon the title of that one is Fire and Ice not out yet coming soon
is cleaning up Louis Israel Park today. Way to go team!
thats not a good enough reason. you know how we are. we dont talk for months then talk for a week. then do it again.
The way that you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed :)
well, they took my rings they took my
Yo on the real, if you want to do it, do it.
your not goonna believe this but sick again!!!!ugh....lol this time no fever though jus a nasty cough and sinus problems..
what is your favorite song from Wicked?
"Low Battery, connect charger!" Um, you're a smart phone, connect yourself. -_-
do we need a special pass to her into Big Bills keynote?
i just simply adore Kaoru! he's my fave character!
I men has a fetish for shoes :o normal? I dont think so but we love him do mug
The stores and malls will be crazy on Black Friday! Start your holiday shopping tomorrow at the Westown Indoor Market!
great to hear. The Denver team was an impressive group. #ECET2 Can't wait to visit some time.
we will be at SXSW and New Orleans Jazz Fest. 'Roo and ACL are on the horizon. what bands do you want to read coverage on?
Still awake at 3 am and talking about random things with
From now on, if it doesn't have "Doomsday," "River Monster," or something related to zombies in the title, I'm not watching it.
SWEET! Thanks for the follow! #SUPERTWEEP!
Payday Latte! My favorite splurge in the city.
Closer to my homie newest album I cant wait to cop my album!
ATL bound... already got a $30 speeding ticket. atleast I filled up my gas tank for only $40 in SC :)
The padaass is king of all things. The pada-ass and the acklesface. They are the gods of my idolatry.
I guess it's all good. Think I wanna turn my phone off.
You know life gets complicated when you have to hide things you aren't ashamed of and face problems you never dreamed of
Mitt Romney bullies a gay kid and it'll be forgotten by Tuesday.
head up, stay strong. Fake that smile, and move on.
IF I EVER LOSE MY MIND DNT LET ME LOSE MY STROKE
Wish I could have made it tonight but had to attend my Communicating Networks and Managing Information class.
you know school just started when everyone in class is silent like a nazi slave auction..
The Beard is eternally nameless.
yes, student needs to interview him. Do u know if they're open Friday?
hell yea bitches on my busssinssss lol
I'm so sleepy
Do I have to file this away with all of the other things to read/watch after I finish ME3 or is it spoiler free?
that's awesome I'll check it out for & & I'll check out too now that u mentioned it :)
: I'm making BBQ Chicken with my own rub & sauce tonight.
MCA's hall of fame letter "I'd like to dedicate this to my brothers Adam and Mike....also for anyone who has ever been touched by our band."
Thank you for coming!
haha i admit! way better ;)
okay so I hate how the MTT this video is only tour footage like wtf
what's to be jealous of anyway???
next 10 mins plus stop is going to be ballz fun!!!
Going to try and get some sleep...and hoping that when I wake up it will be to news of being released
Thanks for following! :D
I cant wait to see you friday<3 eeeep!
That sucks 779 sounds great , tough loss . Goodnight my friend hope everything work out .Clemson wont get my money nomore either
most deffinately "ain't no mountain high enough" :-)
Say say oh play mate, come out and play with me, and bring your dollies three (humming to self, damn ice cream truck)
film my first short film as the lead role on monday so excited :) :) it is all about babysteps :)Falling more in love w\acting every min!
Introduce at #pubcampMIA were pretty great. Best three words: expansive, absorbent, lover
Thanks for the RTs! :)
Can't wait to get off going bowling
baby bro stealing salads
Are you going to name them after famous artists too?
We're working on making Camtasia better...stay tuned!
Reckless in this city of hot days n cold nights...
really Lakers. really. YOU'RE MY TEAM! C'MON SONS.
I am a half guy until I get it under 2 hours. That will be next year. The energy of 35k people is insane
Were I very rich, what difference would it make? I am what I am. What else can I be? I am neither rich nor poor, I am myself. That's
We wrestle not against flesh & blood but against principalities, rulers of the darkness of this world, spiritual wickedness in high places.
happy new's years eve, everyone, be safe tonight, we'll see you next year, Caliburr Records
You may not remember this, but exactly one year ago you briefly CEASED TO EXIST.
and of course a #FF to the most kick-ass Dude ever,
Pass around my videos please! Http://www.YouTube.com/Thatkidmeli
omg you are my favorite.
(Cont.) In statement Walker says no public money was used on his attorneys. He says he is meeting w DA voluntarily.
okay 's first lady is gangsta!
: "With on a tour of Salt Lake Cities' finest kosher vegan sports bars. #applebeets" Go Myq!
“: Anyone else excited the launch party tonight?!” wish I could go...
you caught that movie voiceover voice narrating the intro to this, right? This is ridiculous (yet awesome, right?)
Welcome aboard!
is everything okay? :(
I heart cady groves. "murder" is prob. my fave song by her. and.... bullying is for the weak.
well my genre could be considered a lot of different styles. haha, its kind of hard to tell but i think its mostly pop
“: People are so quick to judge others faults, but never quick to point out their own.”
you are so cute
right!? I just called back and asked for a "do over"
I have the most perfect belly button. When I stick my fingers in it, I feel a nerve in the center of my body shoot up my spine.
Guess its time to find a new job before I strangle my boss... Punk ass can't expect to pay me shit for running his business... Fucking punk
What a week...played Reggae Friday, good auditions today and yesterday and just got cast in a feature shooting in two weeks! God is great!
game on my friend. I may see you in SF this weekend. RT : Blessed morning
oh, you two! Brenda and I are going to Dylan's after school. Meet you there? (wha?!)
Would like to pause to remember how awesome #socialmedia is & how awesome my connections are ;) #shamelessplug on how cool my life can be!
On the road again...
has to be the toughest in the state without a doubt
7 in double figures! Spurs starting playoffs very well.
no problem!! How long have you been singing for?
Maya Rudolph is stunning in #johannajohnson, just beautiful!!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME ? It's mean ALOT & I love your videos!
Thanks to customer service!!
So, there's this fcking number texting me, telling me that (s)he knows me and that I should know him/her but won't tell me his/her name! TF
At end of a long day of writing I allow myself to glance at Twitter & find so much lively thinking on museums, educ, media. Thanks!
But yer special is looking good dude!
#Who is the best team in the NFC at the moment? #Falcons, #Eagles, #Bears, #Giants???
Desperate need of a back massage.
I dreamt of my baggage. Really. I was retrieving my baggage from a train in a panic because I couldn't remember how many bags I had.SYMBOLIC
May you have enough happiness to make you sweet, enough trials to make you strong, (1/2)
They cancelled my #radiation appt 2day bc the machine is down. So I wont be done 2morrow. Last treatment is Monday. A practice in
Action is the foundational key to all success.
You sure?
Who to follow, who to follow? Celebrities, any ideas who I should be following here? I only trust you.
What a nice spring night
I hate when things don't happen the way u plan them to be
Watching the replay of the national championship can't wait to see in it next year
awe thanks(: <3
Merry Christmas!!!! :)
Hopefully just chillin with my sissy today.
lets see if there's anything remotely interesting happening on facers.
no I emigrated to conquered nations.
I saw a fat girl with a damn Guess shirt on so I approached her and said " 380lbs?"
thanks... A bit awkward, but it makes me smile.
#KG #TheBigTicket he doin work right now!!! We gotta go up 2-0 on these sixers!!! Let's go C's ....
Ill buy the ps3 my dam self
My life is a mess right now:( iloveyou!
Fat Tuesday! What's for dinner? Lots of great places on Madison to choose from!
S/o to the bitch niggas that hated and doubted, You have no idea bitch nigha thank you.
very exciting meeting today with one of our marketing partners on a viral YouTube campaign t. More to follow.....
Some dreams stay dreams, some dreams come true!
#happyNewYear hope it brings some great times for everyone!
thanks for RTing hope you had a good Father's day honey goodnight & sweet dreams
's Hair Is Dope o;
then buy one now!
Couldn't ever imagine living in that kind of fear, but when it comes to protecting those you love, anything is possible.
“: I got in a car accident, and I am about to get my car fixed at the garage. The accident is the other person's fault
ALCL people get it cause it's GOING!!!
I had a conversation about WoW today!
Saw it at the infamous 'Robert's Bad Trip' screening at the Egyptian last year. Quite an experience. "Speak!"
Torturing with Canadian music from the 90s.
“: For every actress that gets a Hollywood lead role, 1200 other actresses are forced into the pornography industry.”
I'm so thirsty. It's because there haven't been enough #waterchecks today.
That old ass game LOL RT : I wanna play Crash Banditcoot.
lol I was there at the very start when it started at 8am :P
I hope someday you will follow me(:!! Love Yhuu Austin!! Yhuu Don't even know <3
Thanks. You too
yes. And I wouldn't even say that you know me and vice versa. Just sayin. Haha
for sure! #Seniorsrule :)
Finally watched #MadMen. Whoa mama.
With encouragement from her father and some compliments from friends, Lorraine hopes to start seeing the changes herself....
homemade Kahlua FTW
Hey everyone! I'm slowly getting more info for my new line up over at Hazel & Haverly. Check it out! Like it! :)
Thanks for the follow:) Wishing you a great night and
At the tailgate getting ready to start a hacky circle
dope cover
meant u not I...ops. Well, if you're moving make it worth your while and move with a purpose:-) Have a great weekend!
Thanks so much for the follow :-)
will taste gyro and victory tonight. #sounders oh twelve.
lol I was gonna tweet this too
Girls shouldn't make fun of themselves not having big boobs or a butt. They should be happy with themselves.
shit, good enough for me
I'm gone and you're all alone.. Its just you and your echos.
Alexander McQueen and Whitney Houston both died on Feb 11th :/
I love the rain :)
how bout a sexy Pajama party? :-)
"Back to life, back to reality. Back to the here and now yeah"
so, is it below "Ladies Man" now?
Like I'm that important!
Also interesting to have a cap on loan repayments if income stays low over time. Clearly #HE didn't pay off for those students.
you can laugh at him when Tebow flops. Jets suck. I need to plan a trip to Vegas soon lol going through withdrawals
Showing up to Seder with a hickey and a piñata. Oy.
26. I LOVE BOARD GAMES.
“: because we love you and the hunt, we set this aside for you. album cover? We think duh. ” - BEST curated goods in Nash
we're definitely getting ready, lots of new shows in the works! #cancersucks indeed.
I love so much. I think all of Twitter needs to know it.
if you love christian beadles then follow for amazing tweets&facts bout him with updates
Thanks 4 the follow - if u know any arts mgrs interested in graduate school, send 'em my way! Would love some Aussie recruits!
killed that bio midterm say wut
Hahaha I have one person in mind... I'll text you(:
never should have gotten that far. and he hit a home run in that game. and ... oh
Today is a day given from GOD<3
I HAVE TO STAY ON MY SHIT SO I NEVER LOOK LIKE YOU NIGGAS
Thanks ! Hope you are doing well!
Fished with Matt this weekend, saw the in-laws, saw the folks and is glad Sage is back-- school starts tomorrow!
I am on board, but if we start another receiver movement and we sign a special teams ace I might go crazy!
We are all beautiful. We are all ugly. We are all human. Inside and out.
asks, "is that a trick question?". Love a guy w/a sense of humor.
yes tomorrow
Check out our Free Oscar Night Viewing Party at Roxy's Pub in West Palm Beach!
Yay!!! Its going to be such a great update to the neighborhood!
If I wasn't home alone, I would whine until someone brought me a glass of water.
Hit me up tonite when u get a chance lil bra.
Lebron's not that cute, BUT his body??!!! Savannah is blessed!
I know): but like it won't even let me into it
Really hope you liked it, sir. Thanks for being there.
I just watched video 3 pretty cool did you give away your coveted spot at the Academy yet?
“: When you run up against a wall, don't look down and curse. Look up and reach for an even higher, even better possibility.”
cold. rainy. perfect.
Please put in your mag!!!!
as long as we are strictly talking influence and not talent/genius/etc. Beatles are not even in the same state
Woo hoo! First job of the new year booked for United Airlines. Multi-cam with multiple DPs.
In Fresno, playing tonight at the Brick for the Jazz Fresno, show at 7 pm
-then risk management & insurance, then graduating with communication studies/mass media & a side of journalism LOL
We may get to 3000 sales on today! Act fast to be our 3000 customer & get a present!
Hey! I resemble that remark! :) Morning all!
great point to create cost/benefit analysis of committee meetings... is it worth $$ to make that decision?
BTW, thank you so much for these tweets. I enjoy them enormously. Keeps me thinking about graduate education issues.
#bitcheswhowontdateme Fat white women!
Time to think about throwing an #Argus Beer on draft How is #Chicago liking their #beer lineup?
Jusy found 80bills in my purse!:D
“: Am I the only person NOT watching the derby today?”—Commie
She Michael Jackson bad
good I'm excited. 1: to see you as its been ages. 2: that message u posted on fb lol
Three finals down, last one in two hours!
that's gota be it. I watched it in my French class last year. It was so nice, so different from American films. Refreshing even
#wildwesley has begun
is a stuck up sorority hobag – dude, I hope your 2012's John Rich.
If u have to plan ur SM strategy that much, is it worth it or working? I like 's & 's organic approach.
So news is Florida state wants in #big12? Um yes thank you for leaving Missouri and making some room
Hanging out with at mocha in Oakland
hope comes to indiana on their tour with btr....
Listen mother fucker... STOP, STALKING ME!!!
how many times am i gonna tell you not to leave your twitter up hahaha signed
we're doin really good we're actually planning a group shopping spree 4 some matching clothes..thank 4 asking
Don’t run to me just because you couldn’t make it work with someone else. I’m not a back up plan ..
Don't drink and drive, but always tweet and slide!
Carmie!!! Thanks for checking on me 😊
Thought you'll enjoy: All of life is art, only artists have the courage to delve into the truth around them.
I'm not very good at staying mad, and that's why you never know something is wrong.
Crazy talent here tonight. New Orleans, Nashville, Virginia Beach,.Atlanta & beyond... Good tunes!
yea juicy
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!56
if im louder would you see me. would you lay down in my arms and rescue me cause we are the same you save me when you leave me it gone again
Go Falcons!!!!!! Any team but cheese :-)
Welcome to #Philly & Cole, Babin, Jenkins & now Cox. Release the hounds--it's time to hunt!
Jonathan Vilma has been suspended for the 2012 season for his role in the #Saints bounty program.
go n with your eyes wide open !
opens new dealership in Chicago
K go away is being chanted by protesters in West Allis.
I'm so glad you liked this episode! Thank you so much! <3 your amazing support rocks!
not sure, I know he has hit Feliz so that is why he is playing but he can't buy a break right now. He's hitting .071
toots. Tamara's here too
Tonight Get Romantique! Jazz w/ Hot Club of Hulaville,Valentine's Day, with Miss Willow, chanteuse! @ Honoulu Academy of Art
BYX dodgeball tonight! Hope to see everyone there!
are you me, are you me, thought you knew about the team, aye.
RT : LAREDO! Tonight, join at AGAVE AZUL... at COSMOS.
this three day school week is going by way too slow. but i feel bad for , she gets out the day before christmas eve
JOIN my website plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz :)
Dreamt first downs were measured in baguettes. Pigskin bahn mi?
Yep he said it! "Actually, I don't hate cats, I'm just kind of afraid of them." - Clay Aiken
Happy St. Patrick's Day! See you all at Kork tonight for live music!
Hey, I got both goals right. Lesson for you kids. In a bind for an OT pool, always pick Briere. He's putting it in one way or another
I kind of have a back hair shaving fetish, so...yes.
Best of Bacon #4: Twice Baconed Potatoes
Get off of Facebook and come down to Rice Park to enjoy the delicious foodtrucks and great music by McNally Smith!
the event was fantastic! Recommended :-)
that sucks, hope he's ok
Can New Hampshire be friends with Vermont now??
Tonight -- ONCE IT'S TAKEN SHAPE by & Sapna Gandhi, starring & Sanditz
loved cirque du soir !!
Tonight, Tonight, Tonight....I'm waiting for, waiting for
Planing a music video shoot and hoping to make dreams come true.. Have a great night!
Why are boys so confusing?
gonzo and Washington good luck!
I voted for Best Kiss #movieawards kristen stewart and robert pattinson ahah
btw sorry the Rollercoaster looks like an oil well though..aha, at least that's what my dad said it looked like
Getting to bed b4 11:00>>> ....good night
I don't like fat or long straws.
hi big brother
Espys tomorrow night all star game tonight don't forget
Harry, she's the mother of dragons. Nuff said.
Happy Earth Day!
CHIROPRACTORS - stop by booth #707 at the FCA National Convention. $25 Chiropractic kit available for FREE. www.sombraUSA.com
Got her bein lowkey my bros always blessing the bitches dat is...
i didn't make cheer ): i feel so stupid .
knew it :P but I didn't know forsure so I didn't say hey
nope waiting on you to send them
Rumor has it. Ba-da-ba. Rumor has it. Ritz ridiculousness.
Anyone prank their friends yet??
He who learns teaches, he who teaches learns. - African proverb
You get out what you put in, put 110+% in and get 110+% out ! Good morning world
I may be young but I'm ready 🎶😏
Austin is my prince charming ♥
In the end...hard work and dedication pays off! Keep hustling, keep grinding, but don't lose yourself! #stayhumble Congrats!;o)
didn't the packers get two seventh rounders?
Recovering from a baddass weekend in Denver. Too much drinking, music and fun at Marc and Margarets reception, Congrats!
What would you like to see on our dinner menu? Give us some of your everyday menu favorites!
Thanks for BayDay , ! Crisp&clean for the Hive today
I need one of these for my son....any idea when you might have the Thugglet back in stock?
Last chapter of the semester tonight! Come and give a shout out to A. Esquivel. See you all at 7PM!
Micky and the Motorcars tonight @ Pub Fiction! Doors open at 4:30! Don't miss it.
I'm not sure I get it.
When the power of love overcomes the love of power, the world will know peace.
good then I won't feel so bad about having three ;D
Kind of worried about all your posts whats up with your mom and baby sis?
Follow my sis and watch her celeb interviews on Youtube Starstruck Channel.
Ready for #slnsolsummit in Manhattan. Today is also tweet up for #vwbpe conference next week and mooc
RT : Getting excited about being a twitter moderator w for the LJ Tech Summit: hashtag = #LJtechsmt join us...
I got that bieber fever!
my dad makes me dress like a nun
RT Enter our #StepIntoSpring #giveaway for a chance to win #free #NikeiD shoes! Just RT & Follow us, it's easy!
yea, i thought Lotus Flower Bomb was an actual bomb. from japan or somthin...
Oh I always thought you were from Harlem
How does Facebook not exist in #himym world? And you KNOW Ted would be an ex-girlfriend. FB stalker
Haha. I feel for your my dear! Hey, why were all my UK friends mad at Jamie Carragher for being on American Idol? Any ideas?
Converted from the B2b to Galaxy S 2! Large screen and AMAZINGLY thin and light!
awww now... keep ur chin up...
Had a really great jumping lesson last night on my favorite Tiskit with my trainer Melissa at !!
Got me a new haircut and highlight yesterday . Feels awesome after long thick hair. I'm a new woman! :)
these Sleeping are pills triiipin me o0ut!.
Excited to be hanging with my man tonight! Don't think I've seen him since Sunday!
<333333333333333333333333333433333333333333333333333333 beat you
I'm still in Vegas love I get back tonight!!!! How are u?
Dang it went back to capitalize lord and that's what happens.
Just finished paying one of my student loans off ...
Wow tonight has been cray cray at work. I now know that people that go to Drake concerts are stupid.
happy new year modasucka. The mutombo is out in full effect tonight modasucka!!
Delicious Veal Rib Ravioli with Prosciutto Wrapped Asparagus as the appetizer special, come by and try some!!
It is advisable to ask their requirements as far as selling a junk car
awesome i will check it out lols
I love when the songs just flow.
howdy cooper scooper!
dropped my hair dryer on my foot and now there's a lovely little bruise forming. brilliant.... at least my hair is dry and silky!
ugh Betty Draper is such a bitch
follow..ill follow backk :D
If you fuck up with me I no longer wanna fucks wit you. It's really quite simple!
thank you so much doll! Pretty gorgeous yourself! Have a FABULOUS day! :)
My channel won't work :-(
Way above the clouds
Couldn't sleep. Been up for the past 4 hours digitally coloring. Spend way too much time on Richmond Monuments.
so excited to see #themanymistressesofmlk at one of my very favorite theatre companies !
Its nice when you send an email to a biz contact from years ago & they respond "of course I remember you." Makes me feel warm & fuzzy inside
All I did was drive out with my Mom and niece to a wedding shower in San Bernardino. Feeling beat up, pretty sure it's allergies again.
The safest place to be is in God's will.
El Cajon City Council votes 5-0 to giving a nice $2,500 donation toward the Miss El Cajon Scholarship 2012 program
enjoyed my lil' money egg hunt...lol felt like a kid all over again :)
anyone go out to the go radio show Jesse sang at a few days ago?
Thank you for the RT!
RT : Agenda here is finding best sources of #highered #data for institutional comparisons on outcomes and inputs
I'll chase you and never let go baby :-)
Shoot me in the head so I can forever sleep.
Sitting on the speaker waitin for Cold Cave. My ass is pumpin.
Bears are for real, the rest of the league better watch out!!
awh, thank you :)
On an average day, Baltimore FFs & Medics respond to >500 calls in our 81sqmi City. Thanks to the Dispatchers for keeping it together for us
Another player that will not be on ANY of my fantasy teams: BRANDON MARSHALL! Who is his QB? I don't know!
I'm gonna take these sleeping pills and knock the fuck out! 💤
I lack a prostate, so I morally object to coverage for prostate cancer treatment. Thoughts, Todd?
yeah, just saw the story on ESPN...makes me think Nolan Ryan is even more awesome than before! Safe travels, C
A friend in need is a friend indeed.
If you listen closely you can hear the gas pump tell your kid's college fund to go fuck itself.
I was right. Tonight's NBA D-League #Showcase #pressboxfood update: BBQ chicken, pulled pork. Served with a side of exhausted.
My cousin bought me some food
Amazing day for a
It was much more difficult to find natural peanut butter then
clever guy!!!
watch they will catch on :D .... but by then ill be on the nbt
scary that the guys with depression didnt play in the era of lineman built like mack trucks, the future is scary
This new twitter is much better :]
At for orientation I feel like cattle
In case you've missed it: We are live tweeting Jackie's Dyngus Day over here:
I love this!
yo get me some followers pleazzzzzzzz
Hey LHF donors, the priority deadline for 2012 donations is this Thurs, March 1st! Pay by phone at 512-471-4439 or pay online via DonorNet!
I didn't put that in. That was probably Nate?
it's alright, just breathe
I like your tattoo
Use the subway for the first time!
I'll just have a water...
am I invited?
While LOUSY is most often used as a synonym for miserable, inferior, or low quality, its early meaning was “infested with lice.”
Star Wars theme - bagpipe version. Catchy tune here at R2i.
lol then in the morning I regret staying up -.-
but yeah if he's otherwise fine (no excessive scratching), then it's probably just him being a dog.
does anyone else watch vampire diaries?!? one of my fav shows ever!! so much happened in one episode!!!
We set a date! Jon and I are getting married on September 1st, 2012 at The Center for Wooden Boats in Seattle, Wa.
Me and darkness just do not mix well together.
": I can't wait for Casey Anthony to go to jail #dumbbitch"
lol - so have you studied the effects of maple sugar on one's mental state?
Girls talk shit for the dumbest reasons.
i'm good too! :D<3
What the hell kind of defending was that
These pillows aren't satisfying my cuddling needs.
If all my shifts were patio I'd never complain
It feels good to sit on your ass and get money....I hate working for it
"Sorry I can't hear you. I'm def" *everyone runs away.* yeah that's the story of my life.
it was so good!
4-0 now? How the F do you give up 4 runs to that piece of crap team? SMH
Ready to kick off the weekend with a juicy burger from Kopps. Too cold for golf.
sorry meant 's grandfather and 's dad were both butchers. Keepin it real
didn't even know they had those
We're a proud sponsor of Can't wait to join all the cyclists, runners and skateboarders on 4/15!
Grrrr my calendar was wrong and missed meetings this morning
I want a tatoo
Wolfpack with 3 more runs already in the 2nd, and Gillen is onto pitch for Coates.
I think there's a point at which money, influence & power become so blinding that people believe they control the world. Iris Sawyer
sorry i actually think its www.testourkids.com
RT : #FF We've moved! Follow to continue to receive updates on all things
But you had them at hello. Loved your presentation!
We're not there this year, but you can always find us online. Ya'll have #fun!
needs a money miracle!!!!
i want to follow me! D:
I knew it!
Chicago..I'm coming home :)
omg there were a pair in front of salon yesterday waiting for owner of doughnut place to feed them!
#iHavethatonefriend that me & her crack our selfs up 😂
how amazing was that nicki concert?! (: ~K
Timbers threw up a rip mca sign on the big screen!
'Swamp People' cast member dies of natural causes: A man who relies on insulin claims United Airlines and federal agents put his heal...
Ceelo for his personality.
Stock up on fruit! The pineapple's good right now! RT : Day 1 of no sweets. I am gonna be one cranky B.
Freedom at last. No school for me until Monday. Then the cycle starts all over again -____-
is counting the days...just chillin at home after work...I have the best of luck...
Oh no he didn't! RT : Perry: I would privatize the TSA as soon as I could and get rid of those unions
LivingSocial is killin it today: painting class (with wine!), DSLR camera workshop and paintball. Might actually purchase something for once
Can see the
oh shit my girlfriend in that thang
I just shake my head through the entire thing. I can't not watch. It's like bearing witness to the birth of a three-head calf.
We r in Pre-Production of a Compton Based Hood Movie (Action/Adventure) currently seeking Financiers/INVESTORS.
Gold bullions in smallest units can make you free from cares, independent and free.
~ When people don't know how special the word 'always' is -.-
RT : Buffalo may not be the prettiest girl for Mario Williams, but they're loyal and do the freaky stuff.
Thank you!!
Just remember, you wouldn't even be on the show if Teresa hadn't paved the way. You're the most basic of the NJ housewives tbh
Mass Effect 3 = AMAZING!
What's worse - a country being led by a lying megalomaniac aspiring dictator or deluded people who love his every move?!?
Uh oh. We broke one of their guys.
What a night! First former WKOW employee Dan Gibbons nabs the Corey Hart HR ball.. Now Rickie Weeks hits a 3-run shot. 7-2 Crew in the 6th.
too many pregnant celebs and too many are getting engaged they must have spring fever too
JULY 15TH I DIE HARRY POTTER DEATHLY HALLOWS PART 2 AH
Good effort and hard work can overcome even the toughest obstacles!
Did you feel that #earthquake? Rave Alert customers sent out over 350,000 messages in under 8 minutes in response
Ssshh! I prefer to think of it as freelance surveillance.
Cooking channel has exciting tips for delicious and easy dishes. the Neely show
No doubt, quickly approaching bubonic plague proportions. RT : AIRBHG has now claimed more victims than cholera.
Happy Sunday everyone. Beautiful day in Madison today!
congrats! & good luck :-)
follow back? <3
it's one of my favorite words.
that is gorgeous!
Haha youre welcome, I'm very informative ;P
The Dark Knight Rises: Movie of the Year
Do you think the Wizards should void Gilbert Arenas remaining contract worth 90 million?
im gonna bring by your cinco de mayo gift.
and let the mother's day festivities begin!
it was such a great wedding!!!
it's because people are talking to each other instead of playing with their phones
Voldemort had a better nose then Meryl... #recount !!!!
It was really good. Really REALLY crowded, but good.
Love God's Word this morning ~ so fresh, powerful! Thought ~ If I'm gonna crave something 2day; let it be His sweet presence!
I'm an accessories designer!
yep...the show goes on...me and Iboshi and director and Tracey stayed.
where did you hear that?? I hope so!
Lita Ford & Ozzie? :)
i saw you. way to make my target trip worth all the parking structure chaos!
everyone runs around saying how tyler perry must be stopped; my vote is solidly with russ parr, lol
Dear Twitterverse: I stand corrected. Say what you want, but Raven-Symoné is a STAR.
I know. I thought the headline was going to be a "Strawperson" argument. Nope. Totally straight-faced.
#FF To all my new followers with DYNPR!! So much to come, thank you again!
I want- I mean need(; to go to the concert here in Nashville so bad!!! If I don't get to go I promise you, I will cry! ♪
I'm a fan of Bernie Sanders although I think it's a lost cause within my lifetime
✌ more days 'till 's b-b-b-birthday. :D
IM FINALLY IN SEVEN SPRINGS!!!!! :D
nice. I'm doing table top RPGs for kids, giving out dice as a door prize.
Welcum to da mind of a maniac
Which TPC did you play?
I need to die for five minutes, so I know if a God or some shit like that exists.
RT Top 12 Social Media Insights for #Nonprofit Orgs in 2012 [Good stuff] by
Be a singer. That's All I Really Wanna Do.
wit some toast an apple jelly lol boy thats that big mama breakfast
They don't happen to include round trip NYC-London airfare, do they?
Someone asked me to be a model for an album cover for a photography class they're taking. It made me feel special. :)
Are you ready for some Football!!!! Redskins and Cowboys tonight!!!
couldn't even see it the last time we went drinking together! You done good girl!
Amen to that!
Allen allen .! Gregory:-)
About to eat dinner and suddenly lost my appetite #obeseandexpecting #tlc a 7 mile run is sounding amazing ....
follow back:)
Beer Pong Tables ordered...Looking to start beer pong on Wednesday nights at 10pm. Get your teams ready! Bud Light drafts $3
I had to report 3 accidents/problems today @ work. nbdoa
; Touché. However, Sara is much better. :)
What games do you play?
i know :/ you guys should just come visit me! haha
what's the use in PRIVATELY loving a Woman? Unless you're trying to publicly screw other Women
I'm part of a traveling couple...back from a RTW trip and not currently traveling, but feet are getting itchy...
#NP November Rain - Guns N Roses
I hear you! Thanks for the folo
An Italian duo in Old City Rob LaScala of LaScala's has transformed Paradigm and Dolce, side by side on Chestnut St.
OH: "I was calm as a door nail!" ... #really?
No Friends > Fake Friends
yayyyy I hope you come I'm excited! :)
We're getting an iPhone app specifically so you're president can't use it.
was your Christmas and how is Lil man?
When people assume things <<
Fuck You, Pay Me!
Yes Sir- I had a good time
got u bra dad ain't rdy for dat #buzz dis summer put me in da game #summer nights #edition u heard from shoots 1st
Telecommuters are made of words that start with 'self' ...motivated, organized, etc. #erl12 per
A man travels the world over in search of what he needs, and returns home to find it. ~ George Moore
When we stop looking outside ourselves for solutions & start to come into ourselves...
Done with America and it's voting on idol. Final two should b Elise and Joshua. Only two unique enough.
begins a one-act play, The Last Orbit of Rhonda, written over the last two months as Sylvia settled into Northbrook, Illinois.
i want some watermelon
Well, can't they bury stuff like that at the bottom of the article?
Thanks for looking into it. I did a lot of reading in the forum and a lot of troubleshooting on the site, but it seems like a bug
Taste & Toast Thursdays 5-8pm Weekly features: Chef Tuff Cookie Bake Shop, Artist Tanti Hill, Music from Island Spice
Best part of eating near Disneyland is the large gangster looking men wearing pink lanyards with princess coin purses hanging from them. :-)
Happy Hump Day Savers! Don't forget to stop by your local Starbucks for BOGO holiday drinks starting today at 2 pm! Enjoy and happy saving
Spent day working on a Dance Collections Database, brainchild of amazing Bonnie Oda Homsey. Will be a game changer
I knew that, and I'm an idiot anyway. I love the Dark & Stormy so much
They sure do:( probably the hardest unexplainable feeling ever. You're welcome! & Thanks. I'll be thinking of you tomorrow:\
need to get some shows/tour happening. def interested to come. can we open for you?? let's make a plan!
Poor Pacers are getting worked by the refs.
“How do you say delicious in Cuban?” - Herman Cain
Waelder says she fights hard for students against admin
#WhatILoveMost watching and 's old videos!! #Mahomie #Acon :)<33 Hope all of your dreams come true Austin!!<3
Are you going to sic your legion of bots on people? XD
I don't trust anyone who doesn't listen to David Bowie.
You guys are the best. Thanks for this!
I Swear i Have Bad Luck!
Touring the Coalfields Expressway this afternoon with Congressman Rahall
Desperate people do desperate things.....but confident people stick to there foundation.
yu did not take a pic of me asleep
I wonder what Justice is trying to accomplish by fighting all deez hoes? Youz a trashy bitch not a bad bitch
OMG LIFE IS A HIGHWAY AMAZING SONG OMG
#ThingIDislike : when people smoke
hahahaha I probably don't... But whatever I'm not starting over
I wonder what our combined dues will be? Will it be called Sagtra or Aftag?
If there's anything I haven't missed, it's shaving everyday.
I can't sleep I really wish I could love ya to Dow gurtz
lol yes i love your blog your a great writer...and that makes now... when are you coming here again?
Sitting here working on homework ready for Christmas to be here so I can surprise my mrs and moms dukes
I love Liz.
yea i always pop ur cherry haha
Arkansas offered Jessica Dorrell a first class ticket out of Fayetteville. She declined because she only rides coach
How are museums and civil war venues celebrating Presidents Day. consider featuring the LincolnsDC iPhone app at...fb.me/18Fw7UfBp
RT : jQuery 1.4 *drool*... Team is already looking at how soon we can roll it out to the site.
First time in a long while doing the right thing pays off. Good trip to Dayton $! #bout time
love the way life goes when your focused...u will have to sacrafice some things...but go hard NOW , in the end, everyone will be happy
HEY! Just chill!
same! Come play tomorrow. I just told Linds to play with me too.
I wanna see a photo! Love that poster
yes yes it is :)
off to Google Buzz Hackathon this morning, tnx
In honor of our 60 years in Tucson we're going to do our first give away once we reach 60 followers. Help us get there! #Naughton's
Kimmmy Kim Kim is that bitch & I love her so much, she's the best sista ever, she's so beautiful. I wanna be her when I grow up :)
thanks. Looking forward to it.
Please please please snow enough for a snow day!!!
What does tomorrow look like hope it will not be like today
I think he was just diving
Another furious evening with #Balthazar... This isn't real life...
Not switching cuz U.S. Cellular doesn’t have the I-phone? use Double Twist, sync I-tunes w/ a Android phone like the Samsung Galaxy S2
I've always wanted to catch a Type O show on Halloween, it's unfortunate that I won't be able to anymore...
Dont judge till you finish the first book! I promise you'd be hooked! #DontHate lol
damn losing followers :(
Austin made his twitter account on September 29, 2010
I stayed home from school to see on live with Kelly. I wonder what he will say bout
Thanks for giving us something worthwhile to fan about.
No, not really lol
Pizza And Game With My #1 Man
Going to Las Cruces tomorrow for a competition so good night to no one in particular!!://
Most about how awesome it was, even if I hate City.
good luck tomorrow!
Yeah, but how many times have you heard the words, "Kubiak got out coached by..."?
send me a picture of it. I could always get it taken in :)
I was shooting for a little something around 5'11, I'd be good with that
Who went to the Essence Festival last weekend? I feel like I missed out!! Going next year for sure. Does anyone have suggestions on hotels?
I was talking tonight about how inherently funny a food shrimp is. Sad cocktail shrimp on a tray is always comic gold to me.
dang u globe trottin'
it was unbelievable how great it all turned out! SO GLAD you made it!!!!!
Monday night see u guys ;)
beautiful day in NYC.
You're coming back to Cali??
I'm tired af.
that video was awsome u and did a wonderful job..... ur #1 FAN.. Hope u have a great day.
Almost done with the semester! ready for summer!its gonna be sick!:D
that's nothing new, he did that all season
No, but seriously, I think that, in general, skin bleaching seems more dangrous than tanning. Both aren't permanent.
Never too early for #sushi RT : It's 10am and I'm now already hungry for sushi! :)
have a great Friday !
Thanks to you too for all of your support! It is a daily privilege to work here!
The Bulls can't hit freethrows
6 are in the set
Thanks I'll follow up with you shortly.
"Nothing make a Man feel better than a Wo-man..." Method Man feat Mary J Blige "Ur All I Need To Get By"
UK signees Scout rankings added together come up to 70 (1,7,14,48), just one spot behind UofL's signee Terry Rozier who comes in at
#GoldenCorral - Never Ever Ever Again. EVER.
I DO DONT KNOW WHAT GUYS YOU KNOW
its complicated to say
sleepy haha I had a long day!
who watched the superbowl?
Just watched Food Inc. Oh No!
i'm on the PA system for the Wally Yonamine Foundation Baseball State Championship games for Div II and Div I
Can't believe my sister is graduating tonight.
I'm done being ignored. You're basically telling me I'm not good enough. Fuck you. I'll lose the 70lbs I need to and prove you WRONG!
Those nappy headed hoes; but my kitchen good
Just got a long overdue cut from at Bang U st. Looking good for the summer heat in DC!
A lot of ppl reference themselves as a #ASSHOLE, the Webster's definition of a #ASSHOLE is stupid, mean, or a contemptible person.
I didn't get to eat taco bell. Canceled order from the back of the cop bitch
Ready for THE BIG BLUE to go 16-0 in SEC !! GO CATS !!!!!
that's awful funny because I heard the EXACT same thing about Ryan Adams!
One more day until the official Ribbon Cutting of BFC!
on my profile in the favorites
Sending a prayer for Rich Ramirez and his family. It was a pleasure to perform with you. Thanks for the laughs and sharing your gifts! RIP
Anyone else think of The Wire whenever Jim Hunter says (Marlon) Byrd?
thanks Gary!
I have kitteh-fever. I want to adopt a cat again so bad. I had to give mine away when I moved abroad years ago, so it's hard to decide.
Melissa Coleman speaks about her book "This Life is in Your Hands" on 4/4 @ noon! Rumor has it Whole Foods Market is donating cookies!
I was there for you.... Member that?
OH SHIT! IT'S ABOUT TO GET COSMIC IN THE MCU!
lol for now i promise
I'm not talking about self presentation, I'm talking about external features. I never did understand that shit!!!!
don't ask a smoker why their eyes are red...its offensive¡
So I tell you your faker than Barbie herself your response your white not black!! Umm ya I knew that?? Point?
I Don't Wanna Miss A Thing.🎵
Hit a damn shot lebron
What are you plans after graduation? Pure is interviewing.
Don't they know that you're full of pain already?
I've always wondered... is it more important to have style or class? Anyone have any thoughts on that?
: RT Hope you can make it...See you there (Bellicosity). My Heart goes with You!!
Ethics should precede economics... We know this because we've seen the results of capitalism without conscience
NFL Films just released a revised list of their Top 10 Heisman Winners in the NFL and debuted RG3 at #3. Sorry O.J.
is placing redstone on upside down half blocks in the queue? cause it would be very convenient
You are one scary guy when you cut people on tough enough. keep up the good work
is looking for a kids non-profit health org to donate our kids fitness devices, 123GoTV. Please contact us for more info.
Will do! So excited to page through that book...
Paper Trail "Raw War"
That sucks. You gotta see The Avengers ASAP though.
*flicks u off*
45 minutes & 2 backtracks later, we're at the park. Kids are unproductive. But all is forgiven, it is SO NICE outside!
Birthday lunch with was delicious. Now en route to get paid and get fresh for the paaaaaaarrrrtttyyyy
Yooo we c u doin ya thing my nigga down here in the Southeast #VA #757 KEEP GRINDING
Don't try to convince me that you know me better than I know myself unless ur God
Im free at last :P yay
Chef David Guas of Arlington's Bayou Bakery will be competing on Food Network's "Chopped" tonight at 10pm!
Friday Fun: Go to Google and type "zerg rush"
Michael Ian Black: My wife's name (Martha) was one of the things that attracted me to her.
I already miss this person
There are two sides to every argument, but I don't have time to listen to yours
Cuse needs to pick it up quick! They have to bring up the D, and have a better shot selection!
James please !! Come to phoenix I wanna see you ! :( RT if u read this please :')
you forgot to add the girl at the end of that sentence
Soldiers and body parts seems to be a feature of all wars. cf. fingers and skull trophies in Vietnam and WWII
Boyle's softball field >>> everybody's in the area !
Well if there are any questions in the room, please pass them on. I'll give you answers real-time.
follow me (:
Grew up loving the Beastie Boys shocked to hear MCA died. R.I.P
#worldnews Prof Cathy Warwick, chief executive of the Royal College of Midwives, outlines her fears about the "commercialisation of childbi
Just getting home
i thought it was hard
“: #Aquarians are not only march to a different drummer, they make up new music as they go along”
YES PLEASE.
They would get nothing more than a mid- to late-round pick if they traded his rights.
backstage with Nora Jones and Lecrae. Waiting for the photo op...
I love cover bands.
I loved her scene with Lane; they are pretty sweet together.
How would you like to make some $$ by telling us your experience with Axe Body Spray? Ping back for more info! :-)
Midichlorians are off the charts today!
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage. ~ Lao Tzu
Hopefully you're a Dodgers fan bc did you catch the last 3 games?
Thanks for following
we will see...lol
No prob. I don't understand how so much hacking occurs on twitter. Happened to me the same day! Seems like an inside job to me.
When Colton Haynes tweets about #GCB I want to cry. my favorite show talking about my other favorite show.
Looking for a Premuime Group of 10 web masters to creat a master rotation program, wlll intergrate Lalrry Loiks (Velocity). REALLY !
Social media should drive users to your "hub" to engage your product & make a sale. Direct correlation b/t digital engagement & sales
looks like an OnGuard to me
your logic may be the truth, but I like to think I have magical internet haha
Good night for Tony, great night for Ducan, & goodnight to the Phx Suns!
ohmigod. How would you know? I loved you and I still do but apparently you don't care.
Overheard: girl a: "the only thing you're good at is sucking at everything. Hmph." Girl B: "well, it keeps my boyfriend buying me things."
I like it: Broncos #nfldraft pick is big tough white dude. Can we call him Derek Wolfe "Blitzer" since he rushes QBs well?!
The #Royals are not supposed to be this horrible.
I have not seen one attractive cheerleader all tourney.
in response to: spent most of my shower thinking about how good a male acquaintance of mine would be at twitter. also weeping.
Has anyone signed up for the savings club on coupons.com? Wondering if it is worth the money.
You're welcome!
Can't wait to get my kitten 🐱😊
Perfect! Get's Rodgers out of the way of the jinx, and throws Megatron right in the mix.
Is the endorsement of Newt Gingrich by Sarah Palin a curse or a blessing?
Remember this dude gave me a baby oil massage *dials his number*
EVERYBODY, can please have 1 more follower? :)
Seriously! I think FB might just have some bugs. Had other issues saving information when I edited pages as well.
Knowing the exact moment that someone is reviewing and judging your work is scary… sitting next to them as they do it terrifying ..
thanks for the follow! We look forward to your tweets.
... "EAT in-between-meals SNACKS. Fruits & vegetables are not required, but snacks should be under 150 calories." ... Your Weight-Loss Coach
2 weeks ago today was the day I boogie-boarded for ten hours straight, #IMissTheOcean 😭🌅
I struggle with this as well RT Dialing down our passion gives room for others to dial theirs up
#noidata - Enhanced Voter File: address-standardized, CASS-certified, run through National Change of Address, and deceased voters removed
I actually need your number too! New phone! I DM you.
ryan! i finally caught you tweeting without it being hours or days apart! now is the time to ask...... will you marry me?
Hey can you guys add the Alternate kit in an update?
- Happy Birthday TJ! I hope you enjoy your day. Much love & God bless. XoXoX
Consensual Sex workers are allies in the fight against trafficking. We are IGNORED by anti-trafficking activists! WHY??
if I see one more commercial featuring middle aged folks jamming out in a garage, I may have to get the old band back together.
O god my bed >>
“: #Gemini have a captivating personality. They are quick, witty, have a good sense of humor, trendy, & chic.”💜GeminiTaurus
When I get older and have kids, I will be the fun parent.
You heading to the west coast at all this summer man?
it will always be my favorite song. always.
u got this..proud of you!
If yu follow me i always follow back ! .
": Ohioans chose Mitt Romney on Super Tuesday, though barely n with little enthusiasm---same way my prom date chose me in '99
Bruh, LOOK AT THIS THREAD LMAOOOOOOO ... shit will not end well!!!
and what exactly is there to hate?:)-Kelly xoxo
Legs hurt/:
you guys are so gay for each other haha
Visited Bull Run-Manassas and MLK Memorial in the same day ...sure this is significant but A&J meal in between =
They don't believe they are cooler than me. Related, I wear ties.
GOTTA FIND SUM FOOD & GET 2 THIS HEAT VS KNICKS GAME. TIME 2 CLOSE EM OUT U NEED MY $$$
i go back to skool august 23
Awhhhh yeah! Won my last game. 3-2. Scored two. <3 ill miss you guys next year:( Well, i wish u would wake up!!!!!
Just back from Germany. Great trip. I think I drank my thrice my body weight in bier. Also, beautiful country. Makes Houston look like crap.
did the perfect take of a new song called fangs...& then the computer loses its mind...
haha I'm thinking it won't happen for a long time.
Hope you had a great ride!
STAR BUCKS
Through 18, NY Choi sits on top the leader board at -6. With one hole left G. Park is at -4. 2010 champ Ai Miyazato is T12 at -1
RT - BOTH OH MLB teams get wins: Indians (6-2) vs D'backs...Reds (4-3) vs Tampa Bay Rays. Battle of Ohio starts again TOMOR...
#tarantulas aren't great for cuddling. (Clearly.) But not because of danger to the handler. The tarantula just cannot handle stress
Do you have to be from Chicago or have some emotional connection to it to not hate hearing ppl call it Chi Town? Been curious for some time.
Thanks, it was tasty. And the weather even more so.
Im not sure anyone can say Romney targets disabled & Autism, but let's see records in Florida Bar if Rubio ever opposed the abuses
did a Google Image search for images and logos for patch. Look whose picture shows up on first page! :)
MF is a trip F U C K EVERYBODY!
These are the days that we will always remember. Chasing the night to make our days better.
ikr when i saw her sis. i thought it was her and was all confused!
Leap year means we got 9 more days for spring submissions! Deadline March 1st! Theme: community!
All the n64 games. All of them.
Church w/ my best friend in the morning :)
They told me never fall in love, It never works out in your favor. You way too young and right now that's just human nature.
: hey Raja, I'm a big fan! I'm a bass player in NYC, and friend of and Hope to see you in NYC soon!
My 4-yr-old: "Mom! Guess how many days I've been wearing these underpants? Ten!" (Thankfully I know this is not true.)
Who u keep in it RT : Is it the smaller you circle is the less drama or is who you keep in your cirlce...think about it
Thanks for eveyone who followed I am the one following for her.
ha but we need things that wont spoil in a week!
i want my phone to get fixed, but i dont want to pay for it!! ~_~
I'm big on a healthy Ryan Grant this year. He has something to prove
is giving away free tickets to the concert on May 3rd with FREE #OPENBAR. I've got my last pair coming up at 10:30!
thinks you are juicy and delicious.
Sold Out - Agent Orange, Jack Flash, El Nino, Skywalker, Fantastic 4
u r a wierdo
like 830 in the morning? ill politely decline
epic first opening day today with 2 of my 3 boys are playing this year. class org, great volunteers.
The thought of And friend ship being miles and hours apart makes me very sad!
Yeah...miss you too whore
when it rains it pours...and I wish I was referring to the weather right now
Now enjoying the great, magical Carly Simon at the - this is one of the reasons I'm glad I'm here.
Wow! we are watching a movie in math class its called over the hedge!
Why is it when telemarketers call and you tell them you don't have time, they get nasty with you? Why is everyone so angry?
Hi Followers. Emailers, Textrs, Its Been A Great Week! Your Business And Feedback Is What Makes Us.Tick.Tnk U!
haha DOPE!!!!! Dys what's up!
no, the first one over Roy Hibbert was awesome!
I hope Gov. Christi got to stop at Mars Cheese Castle as a reward for stumping for
I enjoyed that. :-)
#itsoncalifornia RT : Might Polk my head into some bars tonight whadya say?
Hi Amy Ames, your song "No Beer Here" is on air tonight at 9pm (Swe) in "Bill´s Texas Bar" Radio 88FM Gothenburg, Sweden.
11am today we're back w/ WINNING #cupcakewars cupcakes & other favorites too! Watch us on again tonight at 8pm!
Sending random people messages!!!!
I JUST GOT HIRED AT ONE OF THE HOTEST RESTAURANT / CLUBS IN SAN FRANCISCO AS A COOK!!!!!! I am shaking. Start Dec 2nd.
Right on!
yeah it was almost cancelled this year but the execs wanted to give the fans a proper ending
Did you know: In the 1960s, John Cleese did a radio show in Britain called "I'm Sorry, I'll Read That Again". Best radio show title ever?
Taking naps before going studio to stay up later in the night.
#EverydayIThinkAbout how the future is gonna be like & what it holds for me 
Oh you look so pretty! I love your outfit, its so cute! How did you get into the party? :)
Needed: Raps Songs ala Jay-Z/Kanye West for an upcoming '2012 Film Project'. email:
we don't send ship notices currently, it has been shipped. Contact 858-259-0987 Thanks!
Do YOU know of a great story of success? Paste the link below!
As you fall asleep tonight, dream in boldness and wake up with a can-do attitude
To compliment a friend on building his new shed, you might say, "Golly! That looks like it grew there!"
RT : Thanks for another great chat! !
Hey Brie thanks for following, are you a Jayhawk? Rock Chalk
it is 11pm, and i have no cookies or ice cream. HOW HAVE I LET MYSELF SLIP SO LOW???
#sadness. k.
Unfortunately he will be unavailable today.
I am ready for MayDay! But must rest first.
do you have any more pictures of Harry in a beanie? I think it's the most attractive thing
this should be your look everyday
Nice to see you! Things are great here. Funny to run into while I was dining with three other GSLIS folks - small world!
finally got out of the house today... never thought 5 inches of snow could do wreak so much havoc
I over heard my new coaches talking to my dad about me being on the traveling teaam & I was like "I don't think so !!"
I grow wiser every time I am around Bryan Gross. Hope I can be half of the role model he is for me for someone else someday.
Scheme sought to remove regressive custom among Kadu Gollas - The Hindu
lol! U crazy man I can tell you a good ole guy! Bldg's are slow!
Getting ready for my date.
#808Pridenews Its 9:55am and i just woke up kama should be up in like 6hours
Are you gonna do a Ustream tonight?<4
Take it easy 2011. It was great. Wishing everyone an awesome 2012! If u get a chance check us out. www.theatrecompany.biz
WELL YOU ARE A SEXUAL....DUH
"When the vision you see around you doesn’t match what God has spoken to you, you’ve got to close your eyes & hold on to what you’ve heard."
#tovote death by chocolate, vanilla bean. Want some NOW!
Just finished a shoot for my first time in a Universal Studios soundstage! Thanks for making it happen :)
Patty Mills has made four 3-pointers. He has 30 points and the Spurs lead the Warriors 101-95 with 5:05 left.
Loved PENETRATING THE SPACE ! is powerful! Congrats dir. ! Can't wait to see 's CALLOUS CAD!
The power just went off @ work and my only concern was finding my purse, smh.
Hanging at the pfister at the ACLU Bill of Rights Celebration
Cinco de Mayo calls for breakfast tacos
Just sold my car headed to my fav dealers tommarow.have to come new.SUPPER FLOSSY!
Congrats and the rest of the team. Great job, the 4 years of hard work certainly paid off!
Final grades will be posted on Wed night due to my absence. Thanks for your patience. Enjoy Mr. Smith.
Starting your own business = going into sales. Never thought I'd spend so much time trying to sell things and actually enjoy it.
If you are a knick fan and you hate on melo at anytime, please take your Knicks jersey off and become a nets fan.
Have never watched a men's college playoff game live. Trying something new today :)
Thanks for the follow! We love authors and poets of all kinds. :)
I don't know about you, but I am SO not into "day jobs" anymore. I'd rather get paid to do what I love.
Anytime :) RT Thanks for the follow Aaron and the advice
hahaahahahaha loving that response!
#MLK encouraged us to live up to the promises of the Declaration of Independence,...
without a doubt. DM your FB info and we'll get you in some DAC organizing
thanks girl!!! :) I will see you at the show tonight hopefully! :D
#TeamGraduation make it a TT. Too many high school dropouts. 2012 is the year we have at many graduates as we can
Ask, believe, and receive.
So, how bad is UCONN gonna be next year? Especially considering they had 2 lottery picks & 1st rounder last year.
Super inconsistent. But Joe Binder won't budge.
Damn. That Austin kid's got a motor!
It's #TheatreThursdays at Encore! Let's talk about stage necessities. What's the main purpose of a ghost light?
hm. The plastic 'teeth' barrette works, from behind. We could do margaritas and have a hair party:-)
I need to get me a tempur pedic
i do have 3 godchildren :)
Why keep asking about the game if I clearly don't respond to your questions.
Cool. I like the idea that you'll be doing a drawing there to sell.
dude... How will I organise it... I'm on the other side of the world ahah
Can we take cameras to prom?(:
Highlight of my weekend, creepy TSA lady at PHX airport checking my boarding pass, looks up to say, "nice shorts, they look like undies!"LOL
I want to kill everybody in the world.
Its friday night im flashin niggas im on my white girl shit
Hello Twitter. Atwater Junction hopes you will follow us to find out where we are playing and how you hear our music.
iDKK )): Wa . i spent over 900 dollars today ...
Have you been working on your random act of kindness?
So True! RT : I don't understand fruit snacks, because fruits already were snacks.
you pickin up that tab? cause one stripper is still pretty expensive.. i think. When you gettin home T
Do people spell words wrong to be hip or are they just morons?...
Rethinking "The Golden Rule" People tend to treat others the way they treat THEMSELVES.-insecurity & fear is plentiful
No matter how old I get I still love me some lion king but still can't watch simbas dad die 😥
figured I'd try this twitter thing again..
Bulls on parade.
Playing at Rock Springs Church Wednesday night. We are pumped!
I am thrilled David Wright can't get hit! No need to sacrifice our DW so Grenke can get his kicks
Reminds me of a Maria Bamford bit about a lady ordering "a cup of steaming hot water . . . with ice."
you sure? do you have a celeb look alike?
Just got my Tooth tattoo touched up at American Electric Tattoo Co in LA. Very nice people. Recommended.
just think what we could do if we were working together again. Oh the possibilities.
#Lifeclasses. TD Jakes is awesome. Such wisdom. What a fabulous preacher
Anything worth having is worth working for, and you deserve to live fearless and free.”―Terri Cole
Pick Up Line i used today: ME: Are those jeans on sale? GIRL: idunno ME: at my house therer 100% off. RETWEET.
thx for the mention!
what is screencast?
aww, thanks for or the love and support
Punching fake Elmo in the gut unprovoked could be very funny.
Johnny Depp in Sin City 2? Life = Made
Gonna watch netflix.... C:
A woman bought you into this world so why disrespect one!?
I keep getting food caught in the holes Where my wisdom teeth use to be. Finding it hours later. Yuck!
Yes, Erika G was there! Just spoke with her about the upcoming pedagogy course. /db
It's morning here in Los Angeles. The big game awaits. Getting nervous already.
The Hideout! Great little venue
Jesus Steven Tyler! Please don't ever sing the Star Spangled Banner again!!!
I can do all things through CHRIST, who strengths me GREAT MORNING!!
Or we could talk morphemes. I probably remember 5% of what elson taught me in his linguistics course. Let's throw down.
I've been carbo-loading for the last 30 years or so in case I ever need to go on a 5,000 mile run
will play the Newport on May 23rd! Tixs are $15 in advance and go on sale this Friday, the 6th!
I arrived tonight in Tucson. I look forward to a wide-ranging discussion of leadership with a very impressive group on Friday.
News Flash: Josh Hamilton is really good at baseball!!
RT : Anything the mind of a man can conceive and believe, it can achieve ~ Napoleon Hill
what part we on the way to Dallas
Just because you apologized doesn't mean my heart is *magically* fixed,Biitch
lol totally!! Just sent it, hopeu like it, but let me know if you think it's lacking...really want to make it the best i can :)
cause u bblack
Zuma Fun Center hours today are 10am to 8pm...the fun starts here.
Another show with Michael Feinstein watching. Always grateful for the chance to play at !
Last puppies for sale.. Selling them cheap
what a 9th ! Best sweat of the season! Thx for the win, that Freese SO was clutch!
Shit man. He and I are too similar. It's scary sometimes! But sign me up. Ha
Body found near w. Burnside & Maywood. PPB on scene. All lanes closed.
D'ya suppose the "Legacy" storyline is a factor? ( forgive the vagueness, I'm speaking in "code". )
excited for a show weekend will all of my groups - in the same place!!
I bet if ever tweeted ,or retweeted me i would prob die !!!! :0
This day is beautiful! Celebrating 26 years and it feels oh so good!
It's the last Friday of 2011! Thank you to the #STL community for a wonderful year! What's your favorite memory from 2011?
feminist organizing brunch was a great success
Enjoyed the wEekend! Can't wait for this one!
I even put a little love in them, but not too much -- I don't want ya'll to feel smothered
My son just left the US Navy after 14 years. He hunted Somali pirates and served in Iraq. Can you help him to find a job? He is the best..
Mostly prep fb RT : How come there's never any sports on the KARE 11 Friday night sportscast in the fall?
Still haven't seen #Super8? Every 88th check-in wins a free movie ticket. 45,347 check-ins so far!!
omg justin tweeted u....lucky!!!
Great day for Gio!
Listening to Use To Be
RT : Snowing in Coast Range. Could see a mix in metro before south winds switch to all rain. Low snows through Thu am
KIRKO BANGZ LIVE INSIDE MINK TONIGHT !!!!! GET HERE !!!
#ReplaceABieberSongWithSex One sex , One less lonly sex , sex world .
#thingsthatpissmeoffingeneral arrow to that knee jokes...
Agreed. Some evil marketing firm probably told them that they needed a big parking lot otherwise no one would go the brewpub
Is that the girl from The Ring in the background?
Almost done! Rendering the final cut.
Bye bye hair.
HEY I JUST TWEETED YOU..AND THIS IS CRAZY...BUT HERES MY FOLLOW BUTTON.. SO PRESS IT MAYBE?<3 8
Oh my. MT : Engagement with Facebook posts made with 3rd party APIs, like Hootsuite, is 80% lower than posts made directly on FB.
How's you guys ?
RT : #peoplechat millennials r us is a co helping bridge the generation gap between #boomers and
You know Kelly Clarkson's voice resonates with folks when security guard at your work building is singing "Breakaway" at 7.05 am #itsFriday!
The bot that's following me has a disturbing pic; can some new bots follow me so it gets bumped off my Twitter frontpage?
It's getting harder and harder to carry this big ass sack around.
I suppose to be doing my homework but I am on here...
That is the Austin I remember from way-back-when, the one I missed for years & years!!
Just registered .
“: CANT WAIT FOR SUMMER!!!” TO SEE AUSTINS SHIRTLESS PICS
what answers?
Haha u are definitely a fan. Sorry, haven't published those since they were so early. If I do, I'll let you know. Thanks!
haha your welcome (: why don't you move to Texas Huh? Lol
Register for our upcoming fall events today! Awesome opportunities and a great way to help cancer research!
's Deco-Fest.com fundraiser is TONIGHT! Come support it with 4 a chance 2 win free tickets 2 RhythmShuffle.com
wow, didn't know of annotator. anyone you know you can intro?
lol. Damn ! I thought you was closer .
Survived my part of the presentation. Soon, there will be steak and beer.
“: , Dear god do not call me brogan. 😷”Smile, Brogan!
I like cool funny people , all that fighting and horseplaying move around .
I wanna put some new bands on my phone. Give me some suggestions ppl!!! NO DEATH metal tho lol.
Yes, UTD! I was in your Intro to Film a few years ago; my focus was Holocaust. Well, still is.
Sunday she's all ribbons & curls!
Sharing the same "spicy" Birthday with & the "funk doc" Get the party started...
I read today, "The capacity for delight is the gift of paying attention."
I have a message icon on my blackberry that I can't get rid of. It is driving me crazy.
Contact me for information on home renovations under the new EPA lead hazard guidelines. www.epa.gov/lead 362-0529
who will be goalie in the alumni game?
i watch jersey shore all the time
A career is wonderful, but you can't curl up with it on a cold night.
you should see them shortly after. The process to post them to a student record runs just after midnight.
How Arizona tried to make it illegal to say mean things online
haha perfect timing!
Tomorrow on #TranceParadise we have a special Chicago pre-party ep! We will feature live guest mixes from and !!
You make each and every day special
Black City Lights link you just tweeted seems not to work? Was curious to read it :)
Have you seen King Tut @ The Children's Museum of Indy?
Goodmorning everyone!!! Hope everybody had a great friday!! Now its time for a great saturday!!! ^_~
Performing at tonight at 6:30 as Free museum day!
now its a fucking party!
you guys stoked to hear some new tunes?!
#10ThingsIWantToBuy Louboutins, LV Speedy 35, 50 Shades books, Kindle, hedgehog, tattoo, Range Rover, plane ticket, Rock Revivals, reef tank
no i have it
dang you go hard
There comes a time, if you sit back, where you get a chance to really look at yourself and know and understand yourself a little better
Selection of World Champions limited edition prints of Nelson Mandela signed original artwork released in USA-visit MandelaArt.com today!
I heard Justin Bieber's Boyfriend in my car again. Next time that song comes on, I am going to drive my car into a wall.
There are numbers and researches saying that the older generations are willing to use SM and they're the biggest %s on some forms.
I have a plan! Going to look for fabric this weekend. :)
Es tha truf! I know I do! Better cross platform compatibility yo
If that doesn't work, get outside and go for a walk, take a deep breath and CHILLAX!!
absolutely! Was just talking to mum about it today, actually. Don't know when yet tho. Are you working up there again?!
The ideas that I plant in my mind grow in to real conditions...Planting the seed for the week, so that I can harvest in Feb...5 weeks out!
This is wat ive been talking about girls like da way I am
5 lbs till my goal weight :) !
Tonight in Columbus at Bernie's! , The Up All Nights and As Seas Fell Silent. 9pm. All Ages. $5
"We'll be phasing out all free Ning Networks." <---Just received- Ning network announcement <--social networking about to be put to the test
haha :) :O what happened?!
please follow back if you can , from Boston but spend alot of time in L.A. , love Your work and a big fan . Thanks B.C.N.
finger blasting
Good day, except the rain...
I'll have to check it out!
#SometimesIWonder life...will it take me under? i dont know? 'Nas voice'
humidity based delirium is the best way to enjoy Anthonys smooth crooning
Fuck my ass. Tomorrow's Monday...
You can say that again! :) Lookin' good, Spence! Love catchin' up with you & hearing about your adorable family! :) Cheers!
But, still got some great deals on shoes tonight from my favorite brand (practically the only one that makes shoes narrow enough), Nine West
so cool. Thx.
Such a beautiful day in the neighborhood... hope tommorow is like this..cant believe it snowed earlier this week
Oh Gosh! Mojitos go great with everything. Just discovered them recently. LOVE them. We had a real one at Friday's too. Yummy!
Just finished Brian Doyle's Mink River and brain is flooded with adjectives. Will go with lyrical until I can get review written.
4,645 ppl on facebook 'Like' The IRS, 141 are "talking about" the IRS. These #'s seem inverted and wildly disproportionate.
For real really
nvm just wondering
Nightcourt magistrate just OWNED the THP. They are returning to plaza immediately. "Public victory"
Merry Christmas
season finally next week!!?? NO! That's too early!
i g2g bye
Looking forward to talking to HBA-DC this evening about Latinos and the Internet.
have i tweeted about him tho? I barely get on here... Its just an affair right now i wont tell the public til the ring lol
Facebook creepers can't poke my twitter.
I think I broke my truck.
Headed all da way back to work for a safety briefing while I drive bk in da rain, ain't that sum ishhhh
I #FollowYou you follow me(:
Who remembers slam-dancing?
feelin it hard tonight... that sounds much dirtier than intended ;) mimis taim!
Hear you are speaking at Flagler College in March. Can you come to Jax B4 or after for our PRSA group? Dates?
About to hear one of our greatest authors speak at Columbia. Writers: anything you'd like me to ask him?
You said that last time. Quit putting it off.
hope all is well mami
Awesome let me kill it! RT God mod
Meeting today to discuss mustache4cash and the big bowl events.
you sound so good...thanks for adding great jazz to my New York visit this week!
The McFarlanette's are busy setting up for Kids Korps gala - A Night at the Royal Ascot. Super excited for our silent, mini & live...
Yeah, I just used the word "guuuuuurl." But it was in a tweet to , so it's okay.
In Darkest Day, In Blackest Night. No Evil Shall Escape My Sight...
I just remembered the time almost did a front flip in the Walmart parking lot.
i was just thinking of you lol where the hell have you been hiding at??
Works for me. I knew you'd be amped. I'd love to see "Helmet" even if it is just Page Hamilton and some hired guns.
im good had poor sleep tho x
Stop reading trollumnists. I stopped years ago. They're the weeping sores of society and won't heal if you keep picking at them.
Don't be so serious. Everything does not mean something. RT : ... tell your 20 yr old self one thing ...
hell yea blood.
2011 was one of the best years of my life. Looking forward to what's in store for 2012...
Finnish students (among world's highest performing) spend 15 percent of school time in the arts -
It's a win-win! RT : I'd appreciate it also. i just don;t have time to post everything that i want to.
Fuck this feeling.. nap time .
Have a TON of homework and heven't even started, ah
Last minute Xmas shopping, looking for a sold out item.... Stressful!!
LMAO where did you see me?
Finally out this house🙌
I will always remember the fun times we had at our soccer games and tourneys. You were a great friend Jason Finn. I will miss you.
It's always been en vogue with people in certain circles, but they've always denied/disguised it. But now it's all coming out.
Nothing is going on tonight
I had a great sweetest day!!!
yeah everyone misses you
cool! next up Clinical Fellowship and you can rock your CCCs
Yes! A great essential oil blend that is Ylang Ylang, Lavender and Frankincense. It is for blasting away Fear of Change
“The only way to discover the limits of the possible is to go beyond them to the impossible.” — Arthur C. Clarke
#CST offers a complete package for both #corporate and organization managements and independent trainer-consultants
Just got back from Fantabuloso and it was amazing I even got to touch hand :D
I will do my best to do pre-exercise. Not making any promises, though. :-)
We have a group out tonight for a bachelor party. U ask who goes out for a bachelor party on a tuesday. Someone who knows how to party
oh so right after school's out... well thats fun still! (there will be fireworks when im there tho ;p )
soon...I know how you feel...
Did anyone hear how dumb that bucket analogy was? Thanks TBS.
Why be beholden to just one insurance company with 50 to choose from? For best rates, best coverage, don't sign anything till you call 4M.
That was French for: "Im the King of the World!"
I haven't heard from you in a while.
#NYC u #disappointed me. Not 1 restaurant will deliver Fried Chick to Madison ave! Courier said it would take them 1 1/2 hrs to deliver!
no school on my bday
registered for NEOtech. Let me know if you need a session: Google Apps, Social Learning w/ Schoology, Pod.Vod-casting
Thanks man! Stick close to God in hard times, hide under his wings, proclaim His name in dark places! God bless! :)
JESUS! omgogmg i caught u once & you caught me once! ithink? ohlawdjesusss
“: Thank you!! Hope to see you Saturday!! #Countdownto30” you will most certainly will! Can't wait!
#Raiders would have no chance with #JayCutler on the field!!
Heading up to Manhattan in a week...it better be cold. The bitter cold that bites your nose in New York City...
Excused from all my classes minus science and math because I'm setting up for the art show
wasn't convinced that community management doesn't work -- sorry
Do you ever wanna lead a parade while playing your stomach like a drum? I do. :)
I need a normal sleeping schedule.
ALL #mahomies FOLLOW ME!!!(: i followback
Congrats to Dirk & the Mavs for turning down the Heat. Mavs are all class- the polar opposite of Miami.
Grown af, doing too fucking much
love seeing innovative moves, break habits; a K5 shifting away from letter grades; I had O, S & N when I was a tot
Working on some more edits from previous photo shoots.
Living is a matter of delaying the inevitable as long as possible...
Lin is the greatest player ever.
Why are they chanting it RT : All those Let's Go Eat chants are making me hungry.
in a room all by myself when theres 20 people in the another room at work
Thanks for your kind words... =D
Tired af! Can't wait till June 13th
All great names! They were actually seriously considering Lafawnda, Rhoda and Helen. You know how Karla gets...
I love : Digital Archiving and Preservation
Sorry I missed it - especially you, Anna! Busy week + illness left me pooped.
thanks for the retweet! Do you guys have a digital version? Can I sign up?
#Obama "hastily" schedules an interview to discuss same-sex #marriage. Portions will be released today. What do you think he'll say?
Nice, we like to hear that.
RT : congrats 2 on receiving the Lincoln Gaines Award from U do gr8 work in our community!...
Got a call from Marsha about planning my next cruise...
Had a really good day and drank a lot of tea. The caffeine will keep me up for a couple more hours, probably. Glad I have no a.m. plans Wed.
I loved that Musee Rodin, too! I still remember the feel of the day we visited it, the sculptures in the gardens...
That's a lot of blue on #wildcats field right now...
i spilled starbucks all over my purse now everywhere i go im gonna smell like a carmel frappucino
School , then getting dismissed at 12:30 to go to Texas bitches . *; <3
I can't even add on to what you said. You said everything perfectly.
Had an amazing weekend with my family in Newport=]
Sorry for the friends retweets, I just really love that show
Can I get a tweet please? It would mean SO MUCH!! But I feel like its IMPOSSIBLE!!
so uhm is complainin that we tweet too much. She #trippin huh?
i want those #redbottom spikes (:
Never mind he's at UCLA... Still more top50 recruits for the taking
Tony Award® Nominee for Best Play & a Pulitzer Prize finalist, In the Next Room or the vibrator play, shows tonite thru April 22
I love you too. <3
You ain't lying! This weather was NOT what I agreed to when I decided on USC // LOL
dm me your number, ill text you.
Haha, you're right. Not.
Swords and knitting. My perfect book!
Hiya pal! We just got here too! *ding, dong!*
Exactly. No wonder I'm always lost.
People and their 20 word hashtags piss me off, like I can't even read what that's supposed to say
$100 off of your next 3 week detox if purchased by Dec. 16th. We only do this once a year!
: Doing well! Thanks for asking. :)
going to see tonight for the first time. I have a feeling it might be pretty close to a religious experience.
Kloppenburg: independent investigation needs to happen in Waukesha County and the clerk there.
Mastermind going down!
RT : RT : All 31 votes against Violence Against Women Act came from Republican men.
Goin to gene and judes with and company
word it's been forever bro just been chillen
God bless you always, but particularly on this Mother's Day. Thank you for sharing your beautiful family with
Check out our nightlife list: /colsnightlife
Please, be mine again :(
Taking the residency pretty literally today. Whole Machine staff will be here in 1 hr, crammed in Director’s office.
Art is an invention of aesthetics, which in turn is an invention of philosophers
Yes! Ehmagawd, they def. need the Fashion Police.
“: MUST BE A LAKERS FAN LMAO” << u muhfuckin right
Tonight's Grades: UW C, Crowd D, Refs F-
I didn't win. Did I??
; Every video of yours makes me laugh. Keep it up, because without you I wouldn't have the strong abs that I do. Just sayin'
sweaty balls...
This sucks
Homeland security official guilty of fraud - CBS News
I'm crying during this #Revenge episode. A lot. :(
I'm about to punch my aunt in the fucking face. Annoying ass bitch.
just did love :)
i love all of the butt ... Is my favorite ;D
is your bestie working at City Barbecue? Cuz I kinda think she might have taken my order there today.
YOU ARE WTF
On beale st its deep as hell!
Still looking for something to do tonight? Come paint with us!
Enjoying the Ville, with family for a long weekend....waiting on any good CBJ news. Come on, Jackets!
IM SO EXCITED!!!
well now you know
Illbe biking by there in about ten minutes. Will investigate.
finds the debate around the freedom flotillas one of the more complicated ones out there right now.
SMDH at my followers !
Spring is almost here! Like this post if you’re ready for spring weather.
:) Brew Crew! RT : Happy #ValentinesDay #Brewers fans! RT if you LOVE the #Brewers!
not yet, I want to get mine set up this week
you need to update your status from Wonderland. LOL.
Thank you so much. It's good to be informed...I truly appreciate it!
Felt another earthquake this evening.... Shook the couch in the basement
We all packed up and ready for my weekend with mike
That was awesome RT : And that, friends, is how you kickoff a new #ChiLive season. Tune in Sat at 11pm (AM 720)
Always nice to run into ! Hand delivered issue 100!
thank for the twitter follow!
Storms are rumbling over much of central #NewMexico, especially in #ABQ! I'll have your forecast through next week tonight on KOB Channel 4!
bring me some! And a bag of BBQ grippos please ☺
Gym time!!
Me too!
RT : Come get those growlers filled today and chat with some folks about our #SunKing nights at IRT!
Who is the mob wife with the low voice?
At Rockbar listening to rockstar Aaron spin wicked 80's music. Gonna be an awesome m4c finale with him dj-ing!!!
May the fourth be with you niggaz.... i've never even watched star wars, get at me.
I WISH I CAN DM U BUT UR NOT FOLLOWING ME! :(( I BEEN WAITING #3YEARS FOR THE DAY 2 COME
Just about ready to send off my exam, and then I think I am going to crack open a Monk's Blood! I'm dead - I'm gonna hang here.
I'm making different seed-based crackers now. I could be your guest gluten-free girl! Taking notes & random pix.
Uggggghhhhhhh. Breaks my heart.
Its watch japanese people on tv
Kiss Me Under The Mistletoe <333
I'm seriously getting up early tomorrow to watch The Legend of Korra (Avatar the Last Air Bender's sequel) on Nickelodeon. What is my life.
yes, right away.
#NP Say My Name by Destiny's Child
They say every time a glock rings, an angel gets his wings
Facebook feeds not working for me. Shows authorized from within Facebook, doesn't show up in tweetdeck.
Go, Duke!
Its on and poppin, the Casey trial down here begins NOW!!!!
follow back ? :D
• You can either watch or listen live, or watch or listen to archived games whenever you want. Games from other years too.
Love this south park #Mormons?
when #LiLoAlert trends and everyone's like "i thought this was about liam and louis.." *le example of what i did* (:
In the car, rolling up, and singing "Is this Love"- Bob Marley
I was over the moon meeting you tonight. THANK YOU a MILLION times for all the positive energy #SixxAM brings to my life.
Thank you God for waking me up this morning to see another day!
where we chowin down tomorrow
. I am surprised the percntages are that high!
NIALL HORAN I HAVE A QUESTION! what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?xx
All good no worries, I just wasn't if you knew and thought you might like it, if you can't get it all good : )
Dave Baer hauls in a long huck from Sean Murray; another easy goal. 19-14. pulling away
You Beautiful , You Have Sexy Lips :) And Your Name !
Put your confidence in God and not in man.
no more photographic evidence.
Hollywood Young it's been so long!So excited to be here!Come sling some sammies w/ us til 10!1898 N Young Circle Hollywood
My brother really funny af hahaa
#WhenIFirstSawMB I tought ray ray, was weird. Lmfao.. And that prince was the only cute one, o.o but now I think they ALL SEXY ASF.
not anymore :)
No regrets.
Wad up big cuz. And s/o to the Mavs!
Doesn't even get you out of paying taxes!
I'm in! And kitty is fed which is of course most important thing.
ateam all the way!
[Psa103:3-4]Who forgives your iniquities+who heals all your diseases+who redeems your life+who crowns you with lovingkindness&tender mercies
Steak Night tonight! We will be closed Sunday for a special occasion... Sorry. We'll be back Monday night for Burger Nite
I'm hungry...... Bring me food stat!
From now until October, BAM is featuring photography from Clyde Butcher and Ray Baldino. Also, stop in to preview the upcoming exhibitions!
gosh where are people gonna go next!? tumblr?? plzzz go back to facebook :(
Amen! RT : Wife and daughter back at home. All is well with the world.
Today is TRINA'S day. Call now and get 20% off your great facial today. Trina only comes on Fridays so call now. 3015850888
Hello Antoinetta A... Im thinking the Bosque Del Apache would be very cool to see.
Thunder is a rich source of loudness. (I SO love this one!).
lol tell me about my Bff bre said hi lol?
Great rehearsal today with some awesome Chicago musicians! I can say no more.
Watching Adventure Time with my little cousin.
Hail video from Nebraska earlier tonight is wild, looks like an inch of snow on the ground
we got your back. just wish there was something more I could do v.v
we as a people truly have "arrived" sorry i cannot be there....
Live. Write. Thrive.
S/o to he's that nigga so go follow his ass!!
i want someone who cares and supports me and wants to know i made in safe, instead of being too busy gettin drunk with friends and not carin
woah, that's not right come on people experiment don't copy!
Congrats to for winning a prize at the Austin event!!
Very cool video! The sockers are awesome! Thanks for sharing! Awesome local doc!
“I wish someone would give me one shred of neutral evidence that financial innovation has led to economic growth ..." Paul Volcker, 2010..
doing his thing, getting ready. Best Dj's in the city right hur! Hip hop, techno, dub step, old skool! Love it
I forgot a comma in my last tweet. That bothers me. I freaking hate grammatical errors on any level
Please pray for London.
Orlando Florida! : )
I am so bored
Bitches i put like!
Guys have no idea how long something they said can stay in a girls mind.
Delicious brunch!
haha yeah. Bad seats though but #whatever, I finally get to see them
Is it illegal to shop on 's website while driving? If so......oops
AUSTIN MY BIRTHDAY IS TODAY PLZ WISH ME A HAPPY BIRTHDAY AND MAKE MY LIFE COMPLETE
Follow for updates from the game. #Badgers vs.
its cause your a pimp no other explanation.
Arrived in South Africa. Awaiting another phone call from the mysterious stranger.
Drink n Fuck a
Welcome to the official Twitter page for All But Serious!
I love these! Also doing this in unused phone booths in NYC!
lots of favs tonight thanks guys i feel super validated
Gig 'Em!! I'm an Aggie and I do a food show in Humble, TX! Excited to follow u!
Love Vs Pain
#TeamHawks Baby. Run'em out the gym......
Good luck hope u win
#PlacesWherePeopleGetRaped demonstrates how desperate we are to find reasons why bad things couldn't happen to us.
Rollin thru Zurich checkin out on a joint called "Rat Race"...sick!!
Direct messaged my email
yea, I'm hungry. We should start using twitter as text messages like everyone else. Even though I'm sitting next to you.
Wow, fuck new years. Every year is bullshit anyway.
Worldwide coverage
I think data plan is mandatory.
One of the many reasons I think we grew up in a sweet spot of tech. Video games, but no social networks or cell phones.
MLB is basically threatening future arbitrators into ruling their way.
Your arms around me tight, everything felt so right
Thrilled about 's new avatar. congrats Noah!! #LifeisGood!
- Love Your New Post/ Awesome info! Keep it up Girl!
If you're not watching then start.
Dear Friday: I love you.
Yay Cant wait to see me Babbymamma, and my favorite..! Goin to tennessee tomorrow cant wait..! <3
I laugh because I've known sadness. <3
ilysm! Please follow!!
is Beloved's talented director.
New favorite performer of the #Grammys: Glen Campbell!
K... I give up I can't do a hundred tweets in an hour like some of u tweet heads...
That's okay - we have 2 big time receivers. Cruz and Nicks. Let's go Giants!
so this is the be4, but how bout the after pic?
Ashlynn, I Swear I Be Trying To Be Nice!
You can give back to your public university in many ways- donations r nice but other ways 2.
Survey from Pew Internet & American Life Project shows that 97% of all kids play video games. Seems a bit high.
alright man, what ever floats your boat. Lol!
OK...so I am really excited about my #captainhouseparty. My supplies have shipped and I am ready to host...all r welcome!!!!
Chicago is really cold lol
come down real quick
Let's get the day started with a little
the industrialization of the wine business in many of the big growing regions, where fruit, and wood, and crush become commodities . . .
the hatred has always been very intense.
great lunch and conversation ... Love the 3D video cool stuff
Being happy doesn't mean everything is perfect. It means you've decided to see beyond the imperfections.
Simply put people don't trust God with their finances & the principle isn't always taught right from a NT perspective.
great to see you
Had so much fun playing pool tonight! I'm gettin' bettah!
Thanks so much!
So I've been listening to Where the Boys At since yesterday i love that song and I cant wait for their album
Witches Heal!
#CLV hot boys, hot boys, whatcha gonna do? Whatcha gonna do when TT comes for you???? ;)
Thanks for the follow!
Oh Duke LAX night.....
Thanks for all you do!
I am amazed by the incredible talent, brains, and determination of the young people I know. #followyourdreams #ilovemykids&theirfriends
RT Do what you can, with what you have, where you are. — Theodore Roosevelt
The problem w/ being left of Black is few intellectuals left to focus on Treyvon Martin for more than an article & 10 tweets :(
Kb just texted me>>>Oh oh oh oh oh "oh oh" Somebody in trouble (Boosie voice) so im thinkin what I do now?! Besides be pregnant!
ya viste The Avengers? Que opinaste?
Hello Tweepeople! We are only 16 weeks away from the 13th annual Austin Empty Bowl Project! Stay tuned to more info! (Pls tell friends!)
In the past hour, we have two new friends...keep it going!
Love that you love Benjamint Crunch Bars from ! Have you tried our cookies yet?
Its better to be honest than a sketchy, back stabbing, cunt :*
Im the best I know
"Moore draws on Roseberry’s critique of Scott’s interpretation of Gramscian 'hegemony,'" which everybody knows is just warmed over Leninism.
I-39/90 NB is closed at Mile Post 187 near the IL State Line due to a crash. Traffic is being waved through on the shouldered.
Good Information, Thanks!
changed my icon :)
#ICantStandWhen the weirdo treats you like your the weirdo
I'm good thanks! And school here is amazing, so is New York.. Hbu??
Heya Chip where ya at?? I'm here with some out if towners! They already plowed through our growlers of devils and 12 daze!
Tsk, tsk, tsk. I bet it was the crappy buffet you ate. Never eat from the school. You better call, or I'll kill you.
And not in a cheesy romance novel kind of way.
apparently I need an intervention & a support group.
Quality time at home with family - priceless.
Free tours today at 2pm and 4pm!
My nails need filled in, BAD. 😳
lol yep them woman folk better get barefoot and in the kitchen. Get me a beer.
not at that moment I did do a bunch at christmas...
The simple believes every word, But the prudent considers well his steps. Proverbs 14:15
WOW! you can get mine for 18.5 million cheaper. We're banking that someone feels they get into thisneighborhood for under 2 mill.
Lol I used to run a 5:30am boot camp & I hated it. Perhaps that's why. Easier to participate than TEACH class that early!
I found a flashcard set where the teacher wrote "fornication" instead of "fortification" as the word meaning "a stronghold".
Got a project to present today and I can hardly talk. Ugh
~ I adored your Mommy blog post. Now I'm all sentimental. :)
thanks friend!!
I feel like a stripper! Lol
House looks pretty good, considering it was torn apart for repairs this morning
Gotta give props to MCA, a pioneer in the hip-hop industry.
I'll be on the lookout!;)
RT Can we talk about how I don't have to go to the bathroom right now? -
oh god no, not the Sanjaya obsession days D: lmfaoo
Omg what to do..
OMG, you need to follow , I fucking die all the time laughing.
Durks for the BULLS game tonight with some trouble makers. Scared for my life.
just wait to see how you feel at 3:30...good luck!
Don't expect Rickie Weeks to be out of #Brewers lineup anytime soon. Roenicke: "He’s going to be in there until he tells me otherwise.”
Dude...all sorts of tom foolery.
Thanks for following us at ActingInLa
cause i dfotn like people i know in person on here
Did pop punk save your life ?
OhioHighRiskPool.com is designed to give uninsured Ohioans with pre-existing conditions access to quality health insurance.
Made my whole week! Thanks & good luck.
Fuck that double standard shit!!! Im ducking
Foto shoot for major NY magazine. I am lucky girl!
O'Reilly finally gets it right. While in segue to his Dumbest of the Week segment he introduces Greg Gutfeld.
glad to hear it went well! And that other people are seeing what a PR/Social Media rockstar is!
#fla2010 best presenter/ idea I must read
#1ofmymanyflaws my eyes -.-
4 hours of sleep in the past 38 hours.. I think it's time for me to go to bed.
I hate when I hear girls say I'm fat like no your not okay #fuckthebullshit \waving hamds/
OMG! I feel even worse today!
As of this week, we no longer have to leave the building to buy coffee
Buying black pants should not take this long
My elbow can predict when the weather is goin to be cold or rain (y)
No guitars! Weird, "quirky" electro girl. Also enjoying Twin Shadow, absent guitars.
yep...are we the only ones up?
Congrats University of Maryland - Eastern Shore on your women's NCAA bowling championship!!!
still having difficulty getting through. Ill keep calling and texting to try and help you and your family out.
Uploaded 2 covers tonight...she will be loved and little lion man... It's a good night
Aw I will!! We should have maps and flyers printed by next week. If im on Lincoln next week let's get coffee!!
yah that's a rough commute! ;)
Does your company have any internships?
"my music is way out there- hard to describe- not accessible- but I would call it EMO". best guy impressing chick line ever!
#ItsAlwaysTheUglyGirls that's niqqa be down grading too or cheat 4... If u gonna be a dog at Least grab a bad bitch smh
That would be awesome!
Yu let me fall
good evening!
My mom is so exited about your album coming out. Shes going to walmart at midnight to get her own copy. (; <3
First u might need a resume? For a FREE resume builder and job board follow me to minorityjobs.net Julie
Vote for your candidate today but if they don't win don't waste energy sniping from the sidelines. All In! We have work to do!
Awesome! Keep it up Eric!
it's content except when talking to tech guys. They think its them. Just another name for record label.
August 11 in west palm beach there are a bunch of country concerts this summer
Striving for relevance and community impact are ways to create better programming rather than more.
My prayers have been sent to the basketball gods... only two weeks away now from being really rich
so, you don't know?
- Thanks Ass ! QT : High And Lost Track Of Time . But Happy Birthday !
BIEBER'S b-day is an 7 min
Breaking news: Tom Benson has renamed the Hornets the "New Orleans Murder Rate" cause next year will be a KILLER season! Anybody? No? Okay.
Idaho, Auburn students win Groovystuff design challenge - Furniture Today
being punched in the nuts > Econ
I am really, no longer a club/party goer gheeshhhhh. It's like I have no urge to go clubbing anymore. From 18-21... Those were my party yrs
I'm going to miss having movie nights with her.
I'm a little down right now and need some uplifting :(
mal don't forget to watch the video that i share in twitter k? :)
who is ? did you mean ?
. Hey girl friend!!
2 followers away from 600!! Help me out folks :)
phone autocorrect sorry bout it. :)
The body speaks to us in many different ways. We just have to learn to listen!
Karin, talkative, selfish, superstitious, and inquisitive
#happyfathersday Feeling real blessed 2 b back home with my fam after long 3 weeks on the road! JenoLo #Release 2day...guess we have to C
Is being administratively-challenged a good thing?
Latina women do everything do for their family. Language barriers are difficult among parents/children and the Spanish media is insufficient
Passed out at 7:30 last night surrounded by casebooks, highlighters, and outlines. Definitely time for
You cut me off. I will ride your ass.
It's Saturday. My behbeh did not get the memo.
where can I find make chips? That sounds great
Thank you for the kind words and please make sure to share our page with your friends! Have a good Monday afternoon!
You're making me crack up at work.
But I'm sure it will be AWESOME.
I enjoyed the one showing the hidden release date.
Comment on boyfriend video: "I'll be a fan when he does a song not about girls." DOWN 2 EARTH? NEVER SAY NEVER? BORN 2 BE? BIGGER?! Bye.
i did b 4 i asked =]
what are you talkin' about!? This is BBQ country! Sausage is the best vegetable option out there!!
Still thinking about the sloppy tots from last night and hot chocolate was the cherry to top off our night, good lookin out
Congratulations!!!! As a fellow cat owner... I commend you! Cats are fantastic companions!
Workin on some new stuff and a new demo!
thanks honey, but i think that might overwhelm me; i'm looking for gut reactions.
Drunk Edyta folds all of her clothes before passing out so that sober Edyta doesn't have and OCD freak out! Love her
I'm reeeaaaalllll tired of losing to Michigan State
Cake sounds good right now.
No problem, love (:
#messagetotheladies never take less then what you deserve.
Way to ruin Mother's Day. I hope everything is cool and you get out of their soon!
I like Disney to
i love my baby yup yup i love my boy(:
be sure to check out maynard's film blood into wine, “: Spending the next hr with Maynard James Keenan & Jason Priestley....”
You know what they say about the second interviews? Those are the
YOLO is not an excuse to be sleeping around.
I'm so excited! OMG
'Humor is mankind's greatest blessing.' - Mark Twain.
The Colony are backstage. Green Ant mentions he has a shot at the Heritage Championship next week.
I hope it settles for you! Remember, one challenge at a time.
I got drunk and forced everyone to listen to Kix last night, didn't I? I'm at least sure was into it.
Sanctuate! will be on Channel 6's tomorrow (3/29, 9am) - see our in action & watch for a special offer!
« what'cha doingg ? (:» not to much, just at a football game and you?.
Fun Fact- the comic 'The Avengers' is also now a feature film.
..when lights were turned on discovery found three bottles of lydacane not used by paramedics but by conrad murderer..he killed mj :(
#nowayjose Aw saw this 10 seconds after you posted it, but couldn't possibly make it across the country that fast... :)
History Professor
do the potty dance. But that was really cute xD
Thank you, my friend. That means a great deal to me. :)
lol I meant lunch! Let's make it happen! I'll email you chica!
oh no!! That sucks!
first croci of the season.
Switching studios because of stupid shit. YOLO
While no large-scale reforms have come to the arena of immigration in some time, many have pledged to do something about this stagnation.
so now doesn't talk to me.
amazing performance tonight! I'm a fan now!
RT : Why is Facebook going public?
thank you!! Lol.
100%, #BYOP (bring your own product)
u guys can't be upset at least u guys had the best record in the NBA that's an accomplishment!!!!!
That's incredibly sweet.
LBJs over scrutinized because he calls himself great and King. He's brought it upon himself. To feel sorry for him is ridiculous
haha I can't decide if it's real or a parody
how bout u stop being the 200 lb guy gettin thrown around like a football.
where's when I need my daily hug ?!
Gave away 10 CDs as Christmas gifts. Great music. Great message. Hope everyone likes them!
the live version of angry birds was fucking awesome! Maybe try real birds next time.
Let's Go E-Vans!! Let's Go Cli-ppers!! Let's Go #JonnyTee!!
Yeah think bodyguard = NFL! So proud!! “: Just got some great news about one of our team members!"
A Bacon's History of The United States of America (Vol. 1)
If you continue to experience issues after the necessary changes are made, please let us know. ^CB
hello there, just curious...do i know you? like outside of twitter? cause your only following me and one other person...
- Pleasure working with you!
time for a new (unbiased) survey?
cuz we out in the club & we sippin that bub & we not gonna reach that telephone
kay how nice now i want ice cream!
hahahah don't crush our hopes and dreams xD !
Help protect the lives of women. Say no to advertising on Rush Limbaugh's radio show.
Well. She does look amazing for 60.
why is everyone so SHORT?! I'm not even in HEELS!
"They are ill discoverers who think there is no land, when they can see nothing but sea." ~Francis Bacon
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!😢
just dedicated Mr. Blue Sky on WUMC's Happy Hours!
What does do when she's been banned from e-mail? Produces twice the Twitter output
damn right bff
I'm gonna let it shine
My programming prof is so cranky! Oh and he sucks at teaching programming too!
I have to wait for the later showing of I'm driving home now in the bloody rain.
The second part makes you look bad ;) but yes, I can't. It's frustrating!
Making the rest of the world fatter, one stuffed crust at a time.
Can't your iPhone record 1080p? I thought of the idea because your blogs are mostly about movies and other entertainment.
My best underage experience was THE COOK, THE THIEF... when I was 16 and my girlfriend was 15. (And we got in for free!)
Fell down the stairs today...with a suitcase.
making calls to SCA/USATF masters teams
What a beautiful city Mexico City really is...
Eli on SNL...Peyton was better....
said Gretchen is a "jack of all trades;master of none." But, that's just what the haters say. LOL
Check in at RCS to be entered in a drawing for a FREE laptop! Got heem?
Reed between the lines. On BET right now. So refreshing ...funny
I just might have too
looking good :)
“: Not feeling very Country Strong today :(”
I hope my boyfriend doesn't leave to Mississippi for work:(
#MyLove You took my hand.. gave me your heart.. we shared a dance.. look what you've done to me.
There's just something poetic about The Truth getting ousted from WSOP holding deuces, no?
The fact that they are called the Golden Dawn makes me laugh in so many ways.
An actor needs to get some help to make his career happen. A good agent goes a long way.
Hahahaa it was hilarious though!!! :D
WeHo's cool. They're repaving the street right in front of the library so patron's will have a nice smooth ride into the lot.
Friday night, home alone, watching TEDTalks. Thanks AppleTV!
Really enjoyed your blog.. glad you stumbled upon mine! Kinda think you may be the guy version of me.. lol
I've never dislikes someone as much as I do my mom. #harshbuttrue. Can't wait for college.
Speaker phone finesse?
#T-Mobile. No customer svc super available 2 talk? Now u get twitter. Trying to sell me new services when my phone does not work is #lame!:(
It's the 9th... We're at 98 balls used.
This has been the longest week ever ...
thanks man
Jay-Z -- I Support Gay Marriage
Felt relieved that all those political ads were OVER, then heard campaign for Mayor Hickenlooper's replacement will start soon... Groan...
I'm loving some of the new changes/upgrades over at CraftIsArt. Thanks,
.. steve harvey sounds like mr. t !?!! lol .. o_O
gallery night April 25th. Art, wine, and apps for $5. Then again, every day with wine is an event
This car rental spot tried pulling a swift one one me!!! Nah ah ain't gonna happen their little buddys!!
Dave Grohl will always be my first rock love! Sigh.
Yes! RT : Thanks to for the great treats! #smcnsb We will have to make it there for a meal! And a mojito ;)
email your info to info at harpboston dot com... Thank you!
You know the drill. Dance for the GEAR. Dance like you've never danced before. For Freedom. For Life. For Love. For GEAR...
Fuck a nigga up if they get in ur face
Those were all outside but whatever
Save your breath...You'll need it to blow up your date.
Just chillin with my sista paulina, she's not really my sister but were close :D
That would be the best day of my life.
Only 2 more days until the Hawaiian Luau at Exotica International! If you need to reserve a VIP table call 503-285-0281
I've been a long-time fan. So glad your career is taking off. You're hilarious. Hopefully you'll be back in Boston soon!
you wouldn't have known her at all but you stalked my fb. Be real you was stalking hollering at mine
So you would recommend? I haven't seen it yet
no I'm not choosing. I love and care about both of you two. I'd rather stop playing lacrosse than chose between u guys
Wow. Apparently, phone booths are the new urinals.
I seriously am in love with
you're welcome! and thanks. Yes, it's one of my favorites from our wedding. :-)
Happy Friday all
I raise my glass to to on being elected to the #Broncos Ring of Fame.
ah dang! It's okay, everyone knows we're still better
Not yet, but I'll get to it eventually.
And... Now back downtown I go (on foot) to the Gauguin exhibit.
To those asking if Paulson buying the blazers has legs, answer for now is no. Nothing except speculation backing it up.
awesome suggestion. I already posted How to be a Gentleman - I'll sporadically be posting more cameos :) thanks!
Friday is Funday for me chillin at home and networking making money on the phone.. cool I love my job
Haha! >> RT When your teacher is talking about her kids you like 'OMFG YOU HAD SEX?!
Will definitely say hello to your friends and thanks and best wishes in return!
Thank you :D
: nothing more frightening to me than a meal with the wife of Hope has my back.
Funny too, that we associate noodles with Italy and rice with Japan.
Second Hand Rose in Buffalo is filled with #antique and #junking treasures! Come see us Saturday!
Pissed off at myself ..
a drawing of drawings taking over my social life??
I pledged allegiance "to the republic for witches stand" until third grade.
U have 2 find me or attend 1 of our events..MIG Open House/Open Tech Forum/Tech SIG Biz Meet RT #NAFSA10 I want 2 know2
Why don't you just text me instead of hoping that I do...
when you emailed it didn't let you?
I wish people would learn to keep certain aspects of their life sacred, or atleast private.
Thank you! :)
You were right. did move. I wish i could have met him first.
Show tonight at Gilberts resort in Key Largo 8 PM
Nice weekend with old, and new friends. Thank you fantasy football for keeping my social life social.
my phone died :c lmao. Sergio is probably freaking out.
I'd die, totally, well maybe wet my panties in excitement
Just scanned 6 different appraisals for one guy who bought 6 engagement rings. All priced above $17,000 a piece. Where can I find one of him
#wordoftheday Fard (v) To apply cosmetics. /// Use in a sentence! Best one read @ 6:50am on 91.3fm.
My boss and my coworker are making plans to go hustle people at pool. That'll end well.
Have you ever tried riding your bike up a mountain? I encourage you to challenge yourself! Try Blood Mountain the ride back down is awesome!
One game closer to bourbon street
Just met and introduced Michael Chabon at speaker series. Great talk. He also has great eyeglass frames. I notice these things.
thank you for the quick response.
Just woke up from along nap
Wonder who she gets that from?
People often want fame & glamour but really don't want to work for it."They just want it for fun".WORK FOR IT, N WATCH U APPRECIATE IT MORE.
Spend $50 or more at Lofty Dog and receive a goodie bag with $5 off coupon for your next visit! While supplies last. Merry Christmas!
both. he made me take a hot bubble bath when I got home from work. He had my favorite candle burning and bath ready :)
Sun in the 70s is a beast in Vegas, what's up when it really starts cookin summer-style
Now that's what I call a good time. Great day start to end! Happy lady off to bed.
i want informations :D :))
Is it just me, or is almost any fruit juice better with ginger ale?
Once opened up a Church Thunder Hop and it had a head like that.
It's going down today at Marlee's Coffee & Tea House come & experience "TAKEN" by ReDeLee.
Better enjoy it, once I'm gone the run is over... #BielemaBlows “: Congrats to on the hire..now let's win us a Rose Bowl"
this pic looks like a creepy-version of Wesley from "The Princess Bride". All you need is a black eye mask and a sword...
They chose the Easy Button.
thanks :D
#ILoveICONicBoyz because there amazing dancers and care about there fans! & much more! <3 :)
Well, #Apple did fullscreen on multiple monitors correctly on at least one app on #MacOSX #Lion… QuickLook.
The Descendants will take Adapted Screenplay, because it won't win Best Picture.
I just saw something I could never unsee, I'm not sure if thats a good or bad thing though
ATTENTION!!! "LIKE" us on Facebook and be entered into our drawing for an iPAD2!!! Drawing will be announced on here in 72 hours!!!!
#GOLF -- UTOPIA WOULD LIKE TO PERSONALLY THANK YOU FOR FOLLOWING OUR FILM
ur pretty and nice and he's hot and nice! Psh can't be tht hard! I play matchmaker all the time!
Need. More. Sleep.
i hate hearing the facebook chat sound it makes me cringe
yeah I've been freaking dying. I just wanna shoot..50 threes...
I find it humorous that the woman wearing the surgical mask at starbucks is the same one stuffing her face with caramel frappuccino at t ...
Tiger expressed every sentiment that we have in our Inside/Out line of greeting cards.
When I see a dude with a golf shirt, dress pants, dress shoes, and a cell phone on the belt... I immediately walk in the other direction
: Who is a member of the #kohails community? Anyone who wants to be! How to become one? Do something!
Thanks for the follow! We hope you have a great day!
SCOOTING LIKE THE LIGHTNING
u piss me off for some reason
yes yes yes. should be doing a mailing this week.
u tryna shed with us on thursday at carlos house?
Dear Sons, the neighbor's mean-old Rhode Island Red Rooster will peck you.
Hey you need to wake up. is the best sport in the world.
The weekend went super fast, at least I got to have a little fun.
PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT BE A DREAM COME TRUE I MAY CRY A RIVER IF U DON'T UR SO AMAZING PROUD OF U SO.FOLLOW ME PLEASE <33
Commonwealth Games. The next Pan-Am Games begin two weeks from now in Mexico. Will the Canadian media give them good coverage because.....
Well, yeah losses are real. And the headline thing is great folklore, but means nothing.
Victory in Aurora! Drug Possession charges completely dismissed against our client - a public school teacher and single mother of two!
RT Some days just do not work. Accept it and move on. Don't let it derail you. *wise words from Lou*
How does a man show he's planning for the future? He buys two cases of beer instead of one.
#WISPAPALoOza Coran and 28 others honored by WISPA receive Knights of the black tie.
yucky lol i got a snow day and it didnt even snow last night...must've snowed in falcon...
I like yours, too!
I have an alligator head in this plastic bag
Thanks for the RT!!
Today we sort the plot of Tributary Dredge. Which could change everything.
a few chapters in to your new book...love the "gospel prayer" concept!
When i'm w family I feel soo at home
Teachers rock.
Never ask the fucking OBVIOUS if you don't want to get a smart response from me.
Send them to signup pg they might get waitlisted - No slackers allowed. Maybe U should give them extra credit.
If you're wearing an ascot for any other reason than a Fred from Scooby Doo costume it's douchy.
#mystrangeaddiction So disgusting!
Just Started Beyond the Buzz! So far, great perspective on conversation vs presentation PR, esp. the more general the audience gets.
RT : In Miami? Want 2 try the Flirty Girl workout? Join me 2nite www.lotusdancestudio.com
Shout out to , hurry up & follow him. He follows back. He's cute too(:
Walsh's kick blocked. Michigan State does it again, wins 33-30 in 3OT.
y Friday that is so long away? And I have to take my final Friday
my b kid just saw this now, ill give it to u at school cuz i wana give u a wav. file anyways
UNREAL. so proud TR xo RT yep. 's asst. my dude just sold his script to make a movie. SO SWAGGY.
Discount super bowl XLIV tickets for adding promo code " 44 " at checkout on TicketsGenie.com
Wtf? Some woman just randomly came into my cube and starts going through some packets that she left with me. Um... Excuse me???
Seriously, the #oscars are insufferable! Not even watching them in a room full of gay men could make it funny.
Evolving is not about looking back, it's always about moving forward
you should follow and watch his videos!!!!!- youtube.com/tysonthibodeau
I know there is only 1 in a 21million chance that you will see this tweet. But can i get a follow back please?
That makes me a happy girl!RT: Dinner on the NorthSide at Nora Target 5pm-7pm is
that is a bummer. we need to go laptop shopping. costco, mac authority?
watching Wizard of Oz on tv. Love this movie. Best of the classics, actually, of all time, just sayin
haha wtf.. Who was involved in the brawl?
saw two robins in the back yard yesterday ..robins usually mean spring is here :) just hope the weather stays this way!
(While filling a stapler): "This is dangerous."
Can't wait to buy the album of one direction <33333
there's a booger on your face in that commercial. gross.
In the kitchen whipping up a masterpiece. I know when I finally get married my wife ain't gonna never wanna cook lol
if you watched Mad Men you would've seen that song on there....
Yeah #Tigers!
And we do Wine Flights under $15 on Tuesdays!!!!
If happy ever after did exist ....
Getting my nails done. 😊💅
One Direction: hott boyz making girls cockier since 2011.
The actress who plays Joan, Christina Hendricks, may be the best actor on the show. Great subtlety and presence w/no bombast.
thanks “ NY Times coffee column was by . Fave line: "Reporters are expected to call experts for comment, so I did."”
i wasn't that drunk ?!!! dude you threw a toothpick in the forest, and yelled "ur home "
thanks a ton! I had a blast doing that Red Ridinghood design =)
I have nobody but myself. To many people full of lies.
Join us for our second annual spring fundraiser! Saturday May 7th at Moonshine..
Confused about what's going down with Arri. FBI raid? Something with taxes? Blah.
Painting is just another way of keeping a diary. ~Pablo Picasso
ok ill start by unfollowing u
#TheHungerGamesTaughtMe to watch my back at ALL times..--
What a great afternoon! Thanks to all who attended my chat about Theme Days!
Life is a great big canvas, and you should throw all the paint on it you can. ~ Danny Kaye
very cool
Research is to see what everybody else has seen, and to think what nobody else has thought.—Albert Szent-Gyorgyi
Listen to and the nigga comes hard on any beat. I'm my top 5 of MC's
That dude Blake is beast .
Serious Party Animals! : I think should get an award for most social butterflies in one room for dinner.
SHEEO report says: Sustained enrollment growth, state funding that doesn't keep up, higher tuition and fees.http ://bit.ly/GFTreM
That's surprising for you, given how cutting-edge you generally are! Welcome aboard!
That sounds like a wonderful job! :) Love it!
If Doug gets a new twitter handle, please tweet it out so we can re-follow him. Keep up the good work. thanks!
i forgot diablo takes an hour to download lol -__-
Some people can't sleep because they have insomnia, I can't sleep because I have Internet connection...
A wise woman once said after the rain comes the sun.
All I know the other kid that's fighting mayweather better bring me a show I Dnt want to watch a fight for only to be K.O in the first round
Right Back at ya, stay well!
Lovin the SF beat down!!!! Keep it up. GB to do the same tomorrow!
Tahoma = best font for taking up space.
Now I'm wishing I could've been in both panels at same time. Was comment in ref to a project or con as whole?
you will love the music video im making
Great to see you there! It was a great event, and a fantastic response. Will be better for the Wine Fest! Be there!
I like how is moderating this panel with #realPeople at
Yep! Can't wait to eat it all (well, not all the Cookie Butter :)
it must suck to suck.
So before I left this morning for work my girl attacked me and kissed me all over my face #greatmorning :)
I actually wanna go to school today!! Wat.
Tonight at 8:30! NEW MULTITUDES at Webster Hall, NYC concert with Jay Farrar, Jim James, Will Johnson & Anders Parker!!!
Tweep Tweep looking for something good to eat!
Today we are excited to have of join us in DC at the #cysummit for an exciting announcement!
Starting to adopt presenters. Model View Controller Presenter...
Hey again, the video is once again live. Thanks in advance for sharing!
Murphy's Law - The largest vehicle always has the right of way.
Picking up good stuff at MD Entrepreneur's Expo, but the state needs to break its addiction to fed govm't contracts
The Clippers game has been the best playoff game so far.
Sounds delicious. #dinnerbeforehalfmarathon RT : Potatoes with a bit of legumes, and 4oz of steak.
at church then home to work in the yard fur_is_dead
White tiger urs?
Why is there so much traffic downtown?
money I need it I have to put has in my car and my dad is paying my insurance.
My laptop is violent. It just hit me in the face. Now I have a fat lip...
while watching CSI..."How far do you want the target...25feet?"... Baz: "25 feet? I could pee further than that!" ~ CSI
Performing alongside the lovely and talented Emily Clibourn tonight at Room 5 in LA. 10 pm. Stoked.
Thanks very much for posting and RTing our Un-Competition Project!
I love watching - It reminds me why I love being a writer
“: Lazy fact #75483959723, You were too lazy to read that number”Haha I read #7 and was done.
I have it
hoos the genius tht calld this website twitter and tweets?
EWC Carmel LOVES Slow Flow Yoga at The Yoga Center of Indiana!
“It's no wonder that truth is stranger than fiction. Fiction has to make sense.” Mark Twain
At the #BlackSwan with and the rest of the world for my mom's surprise party...she was surprised! ;)
woah wait what?! As in La Vernia high school?!
My sister is such a snitch.. Always getting me in trouble and shit 😡
Got the Reds in the playoffs for the 1st time since 1995. That means a lot in my book
really? The race card?
my registration is pending as kellygreen
#Im GAY!!!!! & I don't give a ¹²³ shits that u hate me or u some dumb homophobe. Kiss my French Dick bitch. U hater!
Just Live Your Life.
ReachLocal Reports First Quarter 2012 Results
hope your Internet backbone is too!!
Arias hit by Guthrie in what looks like his left wrist. He's leaving the game.
So glad to hear it! We're giving out re-usable shopping bags to the first 1000 members - you can pick it up on your first visit!
In shock right about now...
All the sexual things on my tl lol
50% off a Signature Facial and Brow Wax at the Wauwatosa Wellness Center - head to www.crowdclick.com to get yours!
So I just found out that I missed Stickaid by 4 days. Man am I intelligent '___'
OK. new yr. Feb is the month of <3 so i suggest to check out lovejones, brownsugar, poetic justice and love and basketball!
Thanks for the mention. You see our Lax team?
today school was long
1:1 mentoring would have a huge impact.
Beauty and the Beast out Jan 13. The original romantic French movie. #whowantstogo?
I am most definitely!!!!!!
Just got back from a great Acceptance Journey training at work from Diverse & Resilient
Glad to hear you are excited for Substrata Fest!
"protect lil b"
Fashions have done more harm than revolutions
i never actually hated someone, until you came along
Well thats just great I ended the racing season with blowing my motor up
RT : "Ask yourself: 'Can I give more?'. The answer is usually: 'Yes'." -Paul Tergat, Kenyan professional marathoner
How about Pete Campbell getting busted up by the old brit Lane Pryce? This is how we settle disputes after MEB camps too
Tragedy for LPGA Tour. 25 year old Erica Blasberg found dead in her home in Las Vegas
The job hunt begins. Looking for full time employment in MD/DC/VA. Anyone have any leads?
“: Well Nicki actually outdid Charlie Wilson straw set!!”lmao!!!!
Christmas is in the air in #NYC tonight!!
I wish I was He dates the finest women, in entertaiment.
I love being able to fire bullets metaphorically through song. Its such a therapy being able to retaliate so eloquently. LOL.
Good to see the clippers being successful
Yep. Mulcair appearently meant the "British criminal" description, and Conrad Black took it, pejoratively.
God has TRULY blessed me with patience in my life
w00t! Thank you!
yea joe angel lol my bad and im not sure yet i wanna go down there though
cool background. not
” — Albus Dumbledore from Harry Potter (movie)
shall I forward them some of my sweet moves?
This is my horoscope today. I totally agree - "It's a good day to just focus on doing fun things. Let other people work it out."
Justin is gonna be an amazing father in the future(: I can already tell
I hate my sperrys they always stay untied
I have not tried that one but def recommend getting the mixer!!! It makes the kitchen complete ;)
If it snows tomorrow I'm breaking up with buffalo I can't handle this inconsistent shit anymore☁⛄😲
OH. Hahah isn't it lovely??(;
takes one to know one?
Yeah they kept my original Trekkie geeky slides!!!
Out of 371728639193 people, I'm completely content with just 1 friend. 1 soul, 1 friendship that I know is true & can count on.
damn Soldinger why did you give us the longest article ever written to read -___-
FYI, changed my twitter name :) Can't wait to see you this wknd!
without asking:) MUAHAHAH.
So tired of hearing about marry the night. Yes it's a good song can we shut up about it now
one of my favorite tracks of all time bro. Good pick
We really need to do a movie night.
Timedollar Youth Court will have Jury Duty Saturday April 30, 2011 promptly at 9:00 am
are you fucking kidding me?
hates having to settle for someone you love but aren't in love with, because the one your in love with is in love with someone else :\
I know right I found someone who stole mine and I took it back x) jk
is so dark when he touches himself its a black on black crime
ajsksjskjsksbwab ikr. it's like the best show in the world.
Just got back had a bomb work out
CAVU is the new YOLO. Shout out to President George H. W. Bush.
Jeff Fischer obviously didn't learn his lesson with PacMan. Hilarious.
Another beautiful day in LB! Happy Presidents' Day everyone! Come soak up the sun on a hydrobike this week!
Make sure u follow us so we can DM u
It's more like Tuscany Chicken Tuesday instead of Taco Tuesday! La Prima is busy busy!!! www.wausautogo.com
haha... yeah, I've heard. I don't think I'll mind though. It's just kinda weird having people pay so much attention to your bod!
Can't remember. May have oversold it to myself and was ultimately let down by my unrealistic expectations.
I love how the loudest voices wanting #LibertyandJusticeforAll are the quickest to say GET OUT if you dont practice it their way
APRIL! I haven't talked to you FOREVER! <3
maybe. Are you an expert yet
I got a real big kick out of the biology test today. I can't wait for more.
"kimberly's obsession with freedom is now under control"
Lmaoo! Thanks <3 You Cute Too Boo (;
Should have saw this coming
Holy cow!! #orioles I'm nervous....
He is everywhere lol RT : 2Chainz is taking over the summer for sure...he's everywhere
Wait are there actually heat fans in the crowd during a first half!? This must be one HUGE game.
Less than an hour of 2011 left.. I really liked this year...
How are you doing lovely? Thanks for the RT :-)
Alright, that talk is over. Next up is Andrew Nacin's talk at 2:15.
Big party Friday at to raise funds for a show: live band karaoke, dollar drinks, backup dancers! Starts 7:30. $10, $15 for 2!
I googled the address & as far as I can tell, it's a condo development, fairly high end.
Of coarse not! haha. I would never do that.
Hey it worked! Accio belt?
Hope your DH is doing better.
Don't open any emails from us we are working on it
That's really gross I've seen people pooping on the street but thank god I've never stepped in it.
Danny Garcia walks out to Nice.
High scoring first day - ET in sole possession of first place with an amazing 15 of 16
I texted you back!
Flyers = Party crashers. Solid game to open the season with.
For donations brought to StreetFood Asia for the Hunter family, you'll get a complimentary small plate (up to $10 value)...
Where do you find these interesting papers?
Truly phenomenal experiences and people #everywhere!!! Look around you!
"Stun marks" are the result of tiny explosions inside the crystal of marble.
Hey SD crisp addicts! We will now be sold at Pomegranate Market in Sioux Falls! We are so happy to be a part of their healthy community!
#CAbarexam so drained. This fucking thing is sucking my will to live. Thursday predictions? Corporations, Torts, Civ Pro. See you there
Annoyed! Annoyed! Annoyed!!!
Saying good morning and S/O to
Booty booty rocking everywhere
thanks man, hope you're having a good time
Let's hope DC United can get a win against Chicago. They could really use one.
Wow Aldon Smith again!!!
that's a tough one...depends on what all I had in my wallet!
Life is an adventure, dare it.Mother Teresa.
*nodding * Ready now. *Standing up and heading for my study* My study. Then we can go.
shooting in the rain-bit of rain-then no rain-lot of rain-and a beautiful rainbow. shooting is good-no matter what
Delighted to discover Susan Shreve's Plum and Jaggers, a novel that explores some of the same territory as my Blind Girl's Bluff.
bastards didn't even buy me a martini! Pfffffffft
Seeing Balam Acab and Active Child
Will you Follow me ? My Birthday was Yesterday and I REALLY wanted to follow me ; </3 So can you ? Please?(:
that's awesome! love mashable. I hope you get it!
have some faith
I wish it was so in the class of English, XDD
Loving the therapy collection Go Go!
Moving tribute tonight to #Seau. Nice to see Elway & Manning there. Class all the way.
**BREAKING** Just learned that AB481 will be discussed tomorrow. Youth Council members are calling state representatives: You should too!
When will I ever be good enough for you?
My UX team rocked their Q1 update to my boss, CTO Great job demonstrating the value and impact of UX - yay!
why is this lil girl tryin to talk to me using four DIFFERENT communication mediums?? GO TO SLEEP
Work is so fucking busy! D:
I'll try and make it out :)
Why would most of #TeamMindless get mad because the girl Twerked on Him-_- wow! I would of did it to, I mean Prod? ;)
We spent last weekend hanging with Black Box Revelation. Look for a show review tomorrow & interview next week. Killer times!
wow that was messed up you better not tell him you know... poor dude
Sad the reds lost but they made it a good game in the end.
Pleasantly exhausted after a full day of fun & swimming at#countryspringshotel #funtimes :)
& partnering for the #iH3 party!!!!! #sxswi is gonna be great!!!!!!!!
People do that to my dog as well. Big shocker that she is no fan of biker wheels.
I lost my Axe Body Spray :/
Don't forget, #CelebrateAU starts in 30 min on the quad. Hundreds of free, limited edition #wonk T-shirts available.
Thanks god is Friday!!!
One of last people to see Coronado woman alive says she was "subdued" and quiet on Tuesday, the day before her body was found
:( poor bonbon! My last flight I got the gold ring, middle seat between 2 attractive single guys in their 20s ha!
Really? I always feel like I haven't gotten my money's worth if someone on the train doesn't yell at me.
Ha, when I do that, it's just b*tching.
I love you <3
true but still fantastic.
me and Bettie weren't a part of that -_-
Come on, Baby! Don't give up on us! Choose me, and I'll show you love...
time to get married.
Dropping out. Opening a Smoothie stand. Goodbye college.
you really should
Almost done my new song I started Wednesday- excited:)
Thanks for the #FF! Happy Friday :)
W.beyondthescoreboard.net report card teams headed to the top of the lottery will have to give Howard I believe
Still working on cleaning up my office.
How was everyone's Thanksgiving?
#TheFirstSongIHeardBy Nirvana - smells like teen spirit
hawaii should just be a country allready we always get excluded
education, healthcare, and transportation are fundamental in this civil society we currently live in; deprivation because of cost is wrong
watching your video on demand<3 and my almost 3yr old niece says I like him hes pretty <3lol shes already got good taste in music!!
Yeeah. It Made Me VERY #Salty -__- And Thanks For Replying ! Follow Me So i'm not #Salty Anymore ? (:
It's my logo for both my photography business and my online radio show, so I notice when I see other ensos around! Well done.
Slays metronomes, werddddd SON!
im from tampa,fl
Somebody posted a video with multiple riders in it. Where did it go? We didn't get to see it.
You can't decide a playoff game on an offensive foul like that unless somebody gets punched in the face. Plus side, Sox are back.
Listening to and discuss the Soc Media certificate program at Sounds pretty comprehensive.
no but I did. Haha!
Evan Turner really is VERY GOOD at those shots
#funkkateers follow new list
how do you get put in twitter jail??
Is the Tat-20000C (silver ion model) a legit product? I don't see a reference to it on your site. Thanks fo any info!
I really don't understand why it's so hard to find a job where I know what my hours will be week after week. Is that too much to ask?
its worth the wait
That looks very helpful! I'm still newish at this. Haven't decided yet if I'll do a freebie, but perhaps at some point.
The Wind Power Happy Hour is back at Cannery Grill in Downtown Sun Prairie! Going on right now!
New obsession =
Americas Got Talent has a lot of the same shit some of it is pretty cray tho
thanks so much for your kind remarks in a tweet today
#TomBrady is putting on a TD pass clinic with 6 tying an #nflplayoffs record.
#AprilInTheD makes me happy... :)
I got an umbrella for you, come through...
Posterity -- you will never know how much it has cost my generation to preserve your freedom. I hope you will make good use of it. -J Adams
"Most people have the will to win, few have the will to prepare to win.” -Bobby Knight
Tomorrow's message completes Pastor Jeske's Lenten series "Watch With Me". Not sure where to watch locally? Find out here...
Why not let Gasol shoot? Quit doubling him!
YOU KNOW YOU LOVE ME. I KNOW YOU CARE. JUST SHOUT WHENEVER. AND I'LL BE THERE....with Austin. (; AND NO. MWAHAHA :D
Annoyed at how many websites still don't design to play well with Chrome.
When will this day ever end
In grading All the President's Men quizzes, I just realized that there is an untapped viral meme in something titled "Chappaquidditch."
The end of the semester is so close. Only 2 more finals. I just want to enjoy this beautiful weather.
Slowly getting back on the festival train. OPEN just got submitted to NY's Rooftop Films and the San Antonio Film Festival.
Hearing lots of #Denver #Jazz gossip around tonight. Not bad gossip, just a lot fans w/ a lot of ideas.
if you're cool follow me on instagram: xocarlyn. ✌
Wheels down ORD
what's that supposed to mean!
Beautiful day in Philadelphia
I know this is so odd. I don't think its him. Mike raised them well. I don't get it
I was wondering the same thing last week. #voiceof90'sbball
The end of The Cabin in the Woods is a perfect illustration of my personal experience at Universal Studios Halloween Horror Night.
"Midnight in Paris" is going to be available on DVD and Blu-ray in the US on December 20th! Still no word about a soundtrack album.
I ate the snow
well winding down my birthday just need a shoutout from good ole
The world is way too open. It needs to be more like Call of Duty, so I don't have to worry about waiting to kill things.
Me off to Asia in 4 days for 2-3 months. Me work on prototype & secure #funding. Me gotta get me ducks in row.
Awesome to be able to tune into #umwfa12 welcome from home. Such an exciting program coming up!!
Thank you for noticing! Have a great weekend!
Don't Pull the thang out. Unless you prepared to BANG!
Never make the same mistake twice or you'll never get around to all of them. -Unknown Author
so great to see you! I'm looking forward to your amazing positive tweets.
Also, being ignored is another one of my pet peeves.
five boys* sorry, im drunk.
I loved your tips on making Homework time easier for kids with ADHD
My heart just melted a little. Perfect tone, perfect mood, perfect moment, perfect vision.
I don't think my school should incorporate mechanical pencils- some students don't have access to them.
the same wall he drew swastikas on with shaving cream.
Sounds like a hot Friday night! - MT : Just lubricated 's ball joints. They were showing excessive wear.
Also coming soon: The Lightning Field, by Kenneth Baker; The Art Critic, by Peter Plagens; The Moon and Sixpence, by W. Somerset Maugham
Gotta keep it moving. Dudes stuck on the same shit
Don Trip - Letter To My Son ft. Cee-Lo
Me! We should Skype(;
RT Give your audience a chance to interact. Don't talk AT them, engage them. Wahi Media #Media2.0 #FPRA: Thx for the tweets!
If someone got in my car right now they would think I'm ratchet as fuck lololol
I like two-a-days. Now I feel like I've had enough exercise for one day! Dinner with and Dr. Crazy-legs Wright!
Wow. Power just went out at Kroger for about 5 seconds. Pitch black.
you're much better looking in person I am happy to report (for all you single ladies out there). Am impressive intelligence!
ha I have been trying to learn that for the longest time ever lol the song goes to fast(:
If you don't make time for me, then why should i make time for you?
Thank you for the love Sophie
and the answer is—definitely not!
i would love help promote an up and coming band...www.popgoesthegio.com
everything happens for a reason
Rappin bout my own life....
sending pictures of hope rose to >>> paying attention in stats
Is removing so much dust it's ridiculous. Arrgh.
You can't do it like us!
Chillin with Bert mark and Joe :))
Piña Colada to start the birthday festivities 🎉🍹
Sometimes I Get Impatient…I Expect People To “Answer Their Phone” Before I Finish Dialing Their Number…
I think it's sad that some of my Facebook statuses are better than some of my essays.
And shouldn't he be applauded for a quiet 30/100? Doesn't draw attention to himself. Hit well w/men on base, did all that was asked
Pierrette, thank you! I hope you had a wonderful Christmas, and a great new year.
Now testifying: professor Dr. Alex Piquero #defendingchildhood task force
When its Tuesday i get so happy because i know its the day for stickam (:
Who will be my 100th follower?
Nope still not really what I was talking about.
we need to stop being on such a bro status
On my way into the city. Seeing What To Expect When You're Expecting tonight!
what sort of things are you looking for? I do a lot of MODx, have worked with modules, design, etc. Let me know!
Check your twitter messages.
STEROIDS GOOD! STEROIDS COOL!
photo shoot for my new knitting book is coming up in 2 weeks.... shot by the fabulous jared flood, again.
Has Foresee taken over the entire web now? Now getting their popups on noncommercial sites like the Library of Congress.
Which mortally wounded #American captain coined the term "Don't give up the Ship"? Stay tuned for the answer
Team K for life!
Looking forward to giving a keynote address on "Writing Across the Disciplines: English Variation in the Classroom" at tomorrow!
Gardner Campbell leading a great session right now.
Olympia you make me sick.
Wheels up back to dc
There are quite a few benefits in place for domestic partners, yep. (Perhaps not completely equal, but growing.)
#harlem Calling all artists, musicians, dj's, & creative types. Please join us tomorrow for Unleash Your Creative Voice and Meet the Artist
''Serendipity is the mother of invention.''
why do you girls do that?
Leaving soon. I'll miss you, twitter <3
well yeah and I will definatly since im planning to come to england for your wedding and then again for a trip
Like the song! Come to this house!
Happy Labor Day everyone. Diamondisc Audio is closed today, will pick it back up Tuesday a.m.
nights like these make me wonder why we even question it .
So far, no plans. But I will keep you posted if I am in the vicinity! Too bad you don't have budget to fly me up there!
Just finish watching breaking dawn part 1.... Ah loved it
retweeting all of my tweets leggo
yeah i have made mistakes and i no and god forgave me for that .
yes I did. This one fits my brand better.
lmaooooo! When you coming to USA Janey?
“ Niggas sleeping on me I hope yu die In ya sleep”
Ugh! That should gave gone in!!!
What does p__n mean and who do you mean?
RSVP for my live performance Hard Rock Cafe April 14
My current dilemma. RT : Sometimes you forgive people simply because you still want them in your life.
I know you're not suggesting… no, you couldn't be… I mean, I really could never imagine… hypocrisy in politics?
's 3-1 record against your "greatest" in the past 3 years disagrees!
then dont do it
yeah lol because it is here too so I was just wondering
It's the next best thing to spring!
hopefully we can meet that would be great!(:
If you put an effect on audio on audacity and then don't want the effect...can you go back? I have done too much else for undo!
The River Thames Queen&#39;s Diamond Jubilee Pageant | Broadly ...
Just bought some really antique stuff! I'm siked, and nerdy!
I'm pretty sure I've never seen a single Pecan at the Pecan Street festival.
Due to power issues after tornado(s) in Prowers Co no school for Lamar School District.
For those of you coming down to the #LIW event, parking is in the lot on the west side of the field, and enter thru the admin entrance!
My tennis class is amazing. There is no better way to start the day
Not Me! mentioned missteps by John. I was just curious what he thought where the issues.
Sis, I think we need to take this convo to
WOOT! IM READY (;
Lyf is a tough game.
After the pledge of allegiance this morning in my 1st period, me and everyone said "Amen" lol!! =D
Freebies are awesome! Email headin' your way! Thanks!
how was your day baby?❤❤
why do you hate the Rangers so much?
Time for a (cold) shower and Netflix... (while we are still loyal customers. LOL)
my mom isn't listening to my problems :( she's too busy with her darn MacBook.
We have the full description of the results up on our Facebook page. "Like" us and check it out!
Hrm a lot of secrets today in Alex's USTREAM ...
Ah, tea.
Found you! Thank you so much for a fun night out in Chicago!
text me
He REALLY owes me after getting free rides from Lake Mary to Apopka and back now every day for the last 2 months!
S/O to ALL my followers mann yall be speaking the truth!..i can sit here and RT al night!...
Mediocrity requires aloofness to preserve its dignity.
Probably should started the morning off w/ a cup of coffee...
Guys have to be treated good too, its not all about the girl in the relationship.
TROLL HARD SON RT : What in the FUCK is Nas doing a song for the draft and ESPN? ALL PREVIOUS WORK NULLIFIED INSTANTLY.
I hate Mondays, but the fact that school starts at 8:30 is awesome ! 👍
Thank God it's almost Monday! I can't take these total loser football weekends. 0 fer 5.
I think i already did turn into a werewolf, I must of gottin hit by a car when i was wolf-sleep walking last night. Haha!
I feel like I'd be sketched out being next to Lady Gaga. She's so creepy
Thank you, Kellie. Happy Friday
Welcome! Be sure to check out while you're here. Awesome movie experience.
Food Fact of the Day:March 27, 1923 Sir James Dewar died. He invented the 'Dewar Flask,' the original 'thermos bottle'.
but whats somebody ?lol cause I can get somebody.
Ah, it's Friday and who's in the mood for some de-lish Magnolia Bay Toffee? Stop by and see us on ...we open at 11!
Unbelievably, my parents are avid listeners of the Red Hot Chili Peppers Pandora station. Need ear bleach.
"Painting is poetry that is seen rather than felt, and poetry is painting that is felt rather than seen." Leonardo da Vinci HAPPY B-DAY LEO
But really the ramen might have been the better choice.
christmas party saluting all the hard work
Better hurry! You've got one week!
About What.? RT : I had wanted to tlk to yu
She never shuts the fuck up! I swear, just let me do me you do you. You say you don't care bout me well show it. stop worrying bout me.
What an amazing night last night.
If only they'd been able to merge the two headlines: House of cheating chickens draws scrutiny.
You shouldn't have to be someone else to get people to like you. Me personally? I'd rather be hated for who I am, then loved for who I'm not
Amen! RT : Ive never really gotten into boxing, but I definitely want to find a way to watch this Mayweather-Cotto fight tmro night
As if I couldn't be anymore of a dork, I dreamed about indexing books last night.
Never frown, because you never know when someone is falling in love with your smile.
You just have to be willing to jump into unchartered waters and trust you will figure something out. -Marion Pines
Contemplating which is more tolerable: Sitting through a Coldplay performance or getting kicked on the nuts.
And I LOVE how someone believes that "friends" don't need to talk every day -_-. Really? Maybe they need to read what a friend is.
Has anyone tried the new cornbread in Doral? Tell us what you think!
I fight because I love to fight all the time nothing makes me more happy than fighting
I must leave I cravedarkness absenceofsound the coolness of the brambledown by a creek Myheart wants to speak of sweet love/ myhead tooweak
HOW YA DOING ???? HOPE YOUR HAVING A FINE DAY =D!!!
I wanna win #divestock2012 tix! Hard to pick just 1 fave local craft beer but if you insist, I'll say anything
this is me, except for three months running now, and the offending word is "digitization" instead of "subscription"
we can play Doctor?
Definitely. What did you brew?
HANDSTAND ACTION.
Ya know, they don't exactly know when I was born, but they predict it's was approximated around 1813-1814
"75% of dentists keep asking you questions while their hands are in your mouth." - Hopefully ask questions with yes / no answers
why does it always take management so long to realize these guys are terrible? anderson, loretta, sweeney, kennedy etc
Thinking About You.. Frank Ocean
: OK SORRY
Omw to see stinky :)
Yes you are so right
Your physique your persona
Bummer man! We hope to see you soon!
HW shutter button. FTW!
I miss!
Congrats, you're going to #sdcc this year?! That should be a blast.
Roll on NYE bottom of the hill tickets selling fast...
I was having a horrible day, I mean HORRIBLE! until I found out Tyler Posey followed me. I know it's just a follow but that made my day....
excellent! thx for thinking of both of us MM!
Claudia: your legs are disgusting . Me: your face is disgusting . Bahaha
Congratulations! :D
wow 100% off?
#wheniwasacrab the two things I knew best was attention and push up position smh
awake for this funeral.
call me!
When you look at your life, the greatest happinesses are family happinesses.
is like a whole 10 feet from me! Wha?
Who has red nails for #valentinesday ?
so tired from church but I love going there
Ready for 2:30 on Wednesday!
#IThankGod all the little things that I sometimes over look
I've been sober for 5 days... :) 1 month and 3 weeks with 2 days to go...
Having a great time building an influence dashboard - I should adopt my nickname of 'The Data Poet'
dolma christmas party!
Who's at RollarJam going to meet the ICONic Boyz? =)
yea , i guess !
"In Time" was terrible, Timberlake proves once and for all he just can't act.
lol good luck
one of my fav books. has made a major difference in our business.
W/o more $ for more courses, can't prepare > students to xfer. But want to ensure current access is equitable
You've got it. The "real world" will have changed by the time the students leave school. Make a difference now.
i love seeing canada illuminated in my little wordpress stats map thingy : ) thanks for the RT hun
good Meg! I am really happy for u! Take it all the way girl!!
if you can't make the screening stop by the after party at rosa mexicano - would love to see you!
We're happy to bring that joy to you! How can we begin to get involved?!
RT : The way you describe others is an admission & description of your own views on life.
Yep, another flop, just like Pepsi Twist.
FYI, sixth granny of career for #Rockies Helton. Second pinch-hit homer of career.
St. Paddy's Day or St. Puppy Day?! Join me on Chnl 8 right now for Humane Society benefit!
Have a hippity hoppity Easter Darlings, and a very Peaceful Passover!
The curse of the sea-green uniform does not bother the kite.
It makes me sad to think there is ANYONE doing ANYTHING to Nickelback.
Let me get my 6inch heels on so then you can appreciate me then :P
i'm finally getting over this cold that kicked my ass this week....i guess I shouldn't have run around the city half naked on halloween...
damn trina u broke gabe down!!
Hahhaha well that is some good advice(;
I just saw a B&B tow truck stranded on the side of the road.
4 a phierce winner. She a CUNT but that's what you want. Creativity. Uniqueness. Nerve. Talent.
In darkness she is all i see.
Moe's?!?! Be there or be square
Lovin' Louisiana cuisine
Going to my dance rehearsels right now, gonna be fun!! Xx
My hair is orange :'(
I'm bored.
I love and I'll always back her up, so
The US should just change its name to the 'Divided States of America'. It would be more appropriate!
2009 Januik Ciel Red is tasty red black fruits sweet tannins w grip and mod long finish. Pleasing and approachable
I'm all better now!!
LOVE ! “: as JWoww in #jerseyshoresical the jersey shore musical at The Hayworth tonight! Get it!”
i put him as DH id want Jones in my OF he's one of my favorite guys thats why i had him hamilton, batista & kemp they are my 4
Praise God man! Pumped for u guys!!
ACTION is the foundational key to all success.
Getting fadded at the bar with & !!!!
im in love with my icon.
Thanks Joseph! Let us know if we can point you towards anything specific.
I would be fascinated to hear your theory on what Brownback's staff was trying to do.
this is how I was produced! Imagine if it never happened, I would be non-existant. That is a scary thought!!
wow lol..can't believe he expects us to do all the hw and test in one night, I still haven't got it all done
follow this guy, he makes fun of Oh and mention us in a tweet and we will send you a free song tomorrow!!
Excellent! Bring on the
Flight booked for Baja-LA boat delivery! I'll be crewing on a 65ft boat for the next week+ starting friday. Can't wait to share the photos!
Second these.
I RLY wanna go shopping!
i fux wit just listened to that mixtape shit is stoopid 4 real. Keep doing ya numbers
You're still up?
It's easier to be conservative. You're defending what is, and while what is is usually crap, it's safer than what might be.
Great song. "that's all; I don't think of you that often."
sadly, you're right
DM Are you looking to fund or for funds? The business I started is going to be more than I can manage. DM me if interested.
thanks for sharing my Facebook page post!
enough of this foolishness... must get work done.
working it now !
Can anyone recommend a good food processor? Needs 2 slice, shred, mince, & whip. Variable slicing thickness would be nice.
get better soon<3
The glorious days is gone, and everybody's doin' bad Yo, mad lives is up for grabs Brothers, passin away, I gotta make wakes
Trivia night with all the best friends from back home!
Next person that comes to AJBombersMSN and says they saw this tweet gets a drink on !
Im so hungry hungry hungry
You Were Awetastic(Awesome and Fantastic) On !!!!
I've had it with this town. Someone come get me...
Get all children equal access to quality early childhood progs. Outside of that I am with you Maj.
And that Miami run looked like the black team running away from us.
Too bad this kid doesn't have a twitter.
Thank you for helping expand my horizons on public art. Great ideas on business side of art.
Our pleasure! We cant wait to work with CA univs, just want to make sure we can offer them the best experience first
I feel like my brain is fried, and we haven't done anything at school in like a week.
My jersey was on before I left the office.
wine interruptus. I have theory on a screaming child.
mom said she would "like" this if it was on facebook
What has been your favorite Skillshare class, so far? And why?
The truth is, we are not afraid of being in love. We are only afraid of not being loved in return.
He really enjoys running in them when he is training. He has several bare foot styles, he goes through shoes like crazy.
Actor's Intensive's One Day Los Angeles Tune Up will give you the confidence to ace your next audition! Next Class: 12/5 @ 10am-5pm
WHAT'S WRONG? text me :-(
Today I found out that my Monet reproduction was stolen from the studio. I guess I should take it as a compliment and thank whoever took it!
thanks for the tweets x just got in... now for the wine!!! great to see you today.
Thanks. Much appreciated.
We haven't carried it, but we will check to see if it's available in our market.
Maybe you've read him on our site, if not our buddy Wurst Brewer Fan has twitter. A hilarious follow!
Dr. Gavin Bart on at 11:10 a.m. to talk about alarming new study re: newborns/addiction.
You want that feeling back, well you should know I still got it for ya. & even though we let it go, its better that you know.
that bit is funny, when have i ever lied to you?
Love your new avatar. Way to go!
sad indeed...
You as well
YUM! Thank you :) Have fun! RT : Eating a crazy good veggie burger and watching Da Bulls!!
how do I disable the thumbnail that selective tweets posts to FB? Help! Thanks!
Favorite last name I've seen today: "Schuckit.". It's like tellin someone to "suck it" with a speech impediment.
#ThingsToDoOnYourPeriod tease the hell out of the boo. Maybe a lap dance or bite the crotch of his pants. Lol
And by the way, everything in life is writable about if you have the outgoing guts to do it, and the imagination to improvise. The worst...
Awesome RT Very happy to announce that , one of my favorites from the 2010 class, is joining us LA.
I'd love to meet her too. Can we set this up?
You're welcome, and I Would Appreciate it Also if you would re-follow me as well so I can Thank You.
say goodbye to wwwow and drinking on a Tuesday kid. #graduating #careeruniversity welcome to the alumni association.
I laugh at young dumb hoes but a fast way to get rid of kids is to send them play grounds
my daughter is so sweet!
The most EFFECTIVE+EFFICIENT way to produce is to work intensively 4 70-90 minutes & then take a REJUVENATION break. Rinse & repeat.
Malanga for dinner. #veganmay thanks Ecuador!
. If he tries to stay home at that age he will get a EXEC_BAD_ACESS ;-)
Have I mentioned that OU has the highest per capita number of National Merit Scholars enrolled at a public university?
thanks for the R
ugh old crusty poly feet don't even get me started lmao
ESPN and the sports media were so pumped for these new nfl jerseys, and what do you know? None of them changed really.
awww, nice choice! RT Bride just walked down the aisle to "blowers daughter". Where are you Damian Rice?? The world needs you!
The previous pic was from the Wall Street Journal.
Whatever you do, don't watch, "Fat, Sick and Nearly Dead.". Cried like a baby at the end & almost swore off solid food.
sorry for worrying you!
Masturbate Monday keeps the stress away.
Its no what everybody else makes you its what you make yourself
To know that you'll never care hurts me the most
Since when ? :D
Social media is firmly on its way to becoming a norm rather than an exception among businesses.
And Indianapolis did do a great job as host, just hope it continues and everything they did doesnt end because the game is over
Jazz! Jazz!
I am seriously so happy to be seeing at the moment!! 13/14 year old me is def jelly!
listening to whotune radio and new songs added this week. do you have the app? NO iPhone or an android, I listen online...old skool! HA!
Science, Social Studies, and Arabic>?
I got everything I needed to do done already. & now I have even more things to do :s
CALL TODAY FOR A FREE ESTIMATE , EXOTIC COLLISION CENTER (339-224-3371) JOHN
obvs not simple binary of youth vs. $ for production, e.g. Meek's recent quality mixtape enthusiasm curated & bankroll'd by Ross.
i need new music for my spotify playlist!
25% OFF Private Semi-Annual Sale Use code SPRING25 Ends 4/12
is my new online shopping obsession. They have their Curve line and their main line goes up to 16 in many cases. Free shipping!!!
I heard darkness comes before dawn. I googled it and your picture came up
I didn't know you were a sailor. From the look of the water the conditions seem calm. Have a great afternoon sail!
Note to self: the last place a writer should share good writing news is on a forum for writers, especially one for which he pays dues.
Lenders Predict Private Equity Regulation in Phoenix Survey
read my last tweet bro haha
Wow what a big call that was!!!!
Love u moms!! Thank u mother earth!! We fighting for you!! The children unite
Yeah, pretty late/early there, no? Deciding between River Plate & Sons of Anarchy season 1. Seen the series?
is filming on campus right now! Talk about #awesome and distracting. :)
Killer crowd, exciting speakers, packed house 's Social Business Summit 2012 | RIO
the show was amazing my fav parts are when thos kids do the trick(even though i can do those better)
We hang on to the older travel books for our time traveling patrons. It's all about service.
But are they? Are QR codes more hype than reality? I'm up in the air...What are best practices for getting past bloated sites?
I make that in my sleep.
#YouKnowWhatsAnnoying people who tell you how to live your life, don't you have your own?
Come to the third Floor....
Spoke to #SDSU tix office. BB season tix going through roof! Possibly no reserve tix left before season starts. Better hurry.
Try Aqua Bamboo and Spa on Kuhio Ave, see the www.sharinghawaii.com Hawaii travel guide for HI info and tips.
sorry I didn't get a chance to follow up about the media coaching. I have been out of town. What is your email again?
same im so bored , i stayed in because i have no friends . jk but yeah ,
I have to go now. Good night America and Canada! Love you all guys!
Best night ever. concert was amazing! ❤❤❤
I'll sell it to you, if you wanna come see if it fits? I'll be home tonight and tomorrow
Good morning Lucy! Sharon Jimenez let me know if your boss can edit Bring Hollywood Home video interviews with our supporters?
Uh hike? I'm thinking airplane..
Bartending the Miami Beach Gay Pride block Party at MOVA lounge on Lincoln Rd. Come say hi :-)
I wanna see those birds on Madden13 MR. ROSE!!!
Social networking for social causes for social change
Somebody's gotta do it! I could go for a Maker's & Coke about now.
I think they are some of the few people that can come off a tv show and be destined for stardom.
gearing up for second day of
adri got lost and mom's mad. Now were all in trouble
was that intentionally an Apocalypse Now cross-reference?
somebody buy me a fuckin' louis vuitton belt.
lol its cool :) ive been in and out of the hospital anyways /:
I mean, in particular, alone in this world
Love a #lifestyle special vacation 2 nights $200 Caliente Resorts
is too gorgeous :) follow back ?
You drive a benz but you n ya girl bought it together.
hurry hurry hurry everyone look outside your window!!!
Same here!! I need some stylish ideas from you!!
Waking up to cute texts. >
Let's go Kings!
We see so many monsters that aren't really there.
I can has cookies?
sleep well my friend :) hope U awake with a smile on your face :)! have a great week! always wish you the best Sharon :)!
Bout to kick butt in
yes! the fluidity of those languages make me feel some type of way...stir something deep inside of me.
Effing bored... Who's down to go to the movies?
Everything is purple.
Playing games on my iPad, listening to music on my iPod, writing papers on my MacBook; all in memory of you #stevejobs !
kevin durant #puttingtheteamonhisback hope ya don't get 6 kobe
Hello to our new followers!
Burberry has a Chief Creative Officer. How cool is that....
Watching Aladdin was my favorite thing to do as a kid :)
People So STUPID, Smh .
Shower in gym? I think yes,
come on heat
Just learned about it today!
Breaking a mirror Is seven years of bad luck. Breaking a condom is 18 years of bad luck.
I need to get Johnny B on Twitter. He's all about LinkedIn.
Taking the family 2 see Eddie From Ohio 2morrow @ Wolf Trap!
Sex Ain't Better Than Love!! Haha
We just received some great looking jewelry!
My head may or may not explode within the first hour.
I'm great! Why are you just alright?
I hope you have the time of your life.
#wool Is being optioned! Congratulations.
Woof sounds tough. I'm not saying it's impossible but it'd be rough for sure.
Were you standing by a cute girl w/ a pony tail and saw her reflection too?
hope you had a good weekend.
you don't count cuz you always reply :)
M Ghostland Observatory.
I occasionally wonder if my mom really thought I wouldn't be gaming at this point in my life or just really hoped I wouldn't be.
.dang, i would tell you but i have no clue! haha
Happy Birthday to Me, Happy Birthday to Me!!
Every long lost dream led to where you are
There goes my plan of fleeing the country.
In other words, it is an at least 75% uncooked diet= Raw food Diet!
you say #neversaynever but your never going to read this :/ and you will never even know i exists :'(
#oomf needs to tell me how they feel... Or text me... Or something.
Why are you playing in a bar?! I wanna come see you guys! You better play at a venue I can come to!
Anyways back to my music Romero santos ft. Usher - Promise
thanks for coming and the gift man. it means alot to me.
Looking forward to seeing friends and colleagues at the RMSLA South meeting tonight to talk about the alignment.
There's still time to get yourself in the OR Ballroom to hear La Pearl & Co. but filling up fast. run 4 a chair
Givers not takers aka the Good Guys (&gals)
Fatso's will be open tonight and tomorrow normal hours. Have a Happy New Year's!!!
Thanks Jen! Trying to push past writer's block...
It depends on the type of procedure. Today most all sx spine procedures can be done using a minimally invasive approach.
But it'd be different if u were just visiting though.
Follow Me Please? And When's Our Wedding? ;D<3
So I can be their official #TwitterJock for #SummerJamz15 June 23 at Chene Park ...get to hang with the DJs & meet the artists
Isn't Fat Albert still hitting a "robust" .216?
Wen you're tracher tells the class he use to be a pothead and start talking about all them Drugs o.o LOL
Good morning world
Where there's a will, there is a way? Just a thought
Alan Kay, on one of McLuhan's "pithy statements about everything": "If I can't believe it, I can't see it."
And yet again she tweeted blank misgivings
recalls sharing tea and cookies in John and Joanne Woodford's kitchen with Bill Staines after a house concert. It's a random thought.
Swag King Cole
A woman needs a man like a fish needs a bicycle.
": I am so so so pumped for tomorrow" I love Christmas a present for all
I do now lmao
1998- #Apple Computers introduced the
I could definitely do something evening of 17th! Let's make it happen!
Why do web designers think people want to listen to music when they visit a site? When I hear music, I exit that page, never to return.
I know running away from your problem doesn't get you anywhere.. but sometimes it seems that's the only option..
Good riddance to the Big 12 RT : Robinson blocks Pressey, knocks him to the floor, no foul. Interesting to say the least.
Watching "Who Do You Think You Are" on WXIA-TV. Blair Underwood researches his ancestry.
aw thanks :) your soo sweet!
Welcome to the series, Avery.
When girls refer to there boyfriend as "Daddy"<
Hey Justin got couch space? Maybe just big sleepover at the Alamo roadhouse?
Aaron Cameron received a silver medal on the National Roman Civilization Exam, Upper Level.
How's everyone? :)
Merry Christmas to all and to all a good night
Someone keeps stealing cars and parking them in our parking lot. Annoying.
I feel bad that I didn't make one for dads. Mainly cause I havnt seen nor spoken to my dad in 3 years and he lives 10 min away
You can't fumble the ball in that situation in overtime...and you can"t miss the field goal at that range.
I will prepare and some day my chance will come.
I herd about watching your video Congradulations (; Mahomies4Life (;
I bet #Believe is gonna be an AMAZING album eeeks can't wait!! ;D RT?
I havent seen these people in over 10 years...
CHAPLIN is already on Twitter!
that's right! A shorter version though. Have to fit it into 30 min.
I think that's right, although you've got a streak of Provocateur in you. :)
must have been a glitch in my iphone app for Goodreads - found it and rated it (5 stars of course!)
Miami Stress Buster is now providing medical massage services covered by health insurance. Call to see if your insurance covers massage.
piece of shit
so what's ur predictions on the matches tonight for
Visited my doctor today for a regular exam. Everything's good.
At 7 tonight on Performance in Pittsburgh, Juilliard Baroque (a 2011 P-G Top 10), cellist Adam Liu, plus Shadyside organist Mark Anderson.
that was awesome. Making south Florida proud!
make sure you hit the Drover!!! My favorite place when I'm in Omaha. Best glazed carrot in town.
Mrs. White Diamonds by Elizabeth Taylor
next, Gene's turn
who did that? Plz tell me it was a joke.
Football after school, #EXCITED!
Mitt Romney: "I'm not concerned over the plight of Lana Del Rey"
Really enjoyed the Vin Rouge from North Leaf Winery (Milton, WI) tonight.
Emma Stone bored of Superbad line
I just got major case of mullet envy. It just flowed so beautifully in the wind.
sweetie...I don't know who u s talking about...shoot I ain't put no one before me lool...too selfless for myself to do that
I heart people watching - its so much fun
Lol “ About 2 get in my d4l bagg,if I hear one more snoring sound!”
Ur the loudest crowd so far! We won't let the rain stop us! Never! Thx to all the beautiful signs u made
Thank you! Some day maybe, all my dreams'll be repaid...
Im Loyal To Those Who Loyal 2 Me I Cant Fuck Wit Fake People
Happy I'm not alone & I'm not exactly in love with the other teams this season, except for KY.
“: This world is so freakin small....”>>very small!
Only the cool kids. ;3
Try RT (Russia Today) they have a youtube channel & they are a pretty unbias news source if you're interested
hey #ignite2011 - wanna b a modern day abolitionist? - check out 's workshop today - Human Trafficking 201 - Please RT
Gallery Night was awesome! I thank everybody for coming out!
#Vols down by 3 20 seconds left . Who shoots the final shot ?
Wanna hear your valentine scream? Stop in- lovely #bouquets, delicious #chocolates or #bling! We have it all and just one stop!
Man I feel like I just woke up from a coma.
Just got out of church.
lol i brought dat 4loko shit out i done had i feeling like u was finna die😲
John Axford has really perfected that Norseman look, right?
I remember You telling me something abt tht! :)
Loving life. Getting better by the day!
No T.O. indeed. Official word from the team is coming soon...
"The difference between an ordinary business and an EXTRAordinary business is implementation." Bill Glazer
Tonight I'm going BLONDE!
Tyler Kindron, you've won a Tier 1 prize from the Raffle-O-Tron! Please claim your prize in the atrium.
so what is your instagram cause...I kinda didn't follow you.....lmaoo
According to ESPN, Kobe has not made a single game winning shot under 10 seconds in the playoffs since 2006...
waking up in a good mood >>
I'm sorry! A physician's assistant-similar to a doc but w fewer privs, responsibilities, & way less school
I bet at least half of our health issues would be eliminated if they focused on better dental care for all.
Do it! Aha. Because you won't win. =P :)
my mom is bug hunting for me right now. Ahaha. She's cute.
Leaving my phone home tomorrow to be sent to Indiana. Not gonna haw it for a week but it'll be awesome when it comes back.
shucks. we'll start next monday. i want her to make a twitter
Actually would love my to take on SA so I can have a reason to go to the playoffs. Go
-___- Sneaky Sneaky Boy #ICONicBoyzVSICONiacz Let The Games Begin
Who wants to hear the truth when they can hear they're right?! -
I don't understand how ya move cause ya don't understand I will not lose who trill as me roll 2 a tree 👌
I am really digging the song on #KEXP right now.
Absolutely Murdering the game.
Public hearing over #mbta #Tcuts proceeded functionally enough in overflow room--once space was found & a microphone set up.
Sounds like a plan!!
Can't improve it after passing?
One week no computer..... I'm going to design old school
you and are related. Lmfao.
A Review of the Confessions of a Lazy Super Affiliate Affiliate Marketing Course Article by Brian Garvin Ever overhear stori
Thanks for following!
thank you! It was probably the easiest choice of the year :)
should be my 33rd follower! <33
I have a DVD of The King's Speech you can borrow.
she pullin me....
Create your personal brand, boil it down, listen to feedback, connect. It's that simple.
I think its possible to have love for someone, but not really love them.
Magnificent bold eagle spotted above MLK park.
Tweet with your questions to a large player in the online music industry
Can someone please make a catch?
New pics up @ our facebook check it out!
ONE DIRECTION GAY?! PSHH. THEY ARE AS STRAIGHT AS LOUIS' FINGER WHEN HE'S HIGH.
This kid Austin who sits at my lunch table is super duper fucking cute! sadly, he wasnt there today... but i saw him this morning :s
Light & fluffy peanut butter pie at ....yes, I saved some for the hubby...it was hard tho!
Every time I read the comment section on a YouTube video I feel like I lose a few brain cells...
"Bridge Burning" by is so friggin' good! Can't wait to see them in New Orleans for JazzFest!
Oh bummer!
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!<3
Thank God for my mom♥
I hear people are already voting today... but not #70%missing
You're welcome! We are doing good. We've just been busy writing alot of new songs lately. How are you?
have to fill u in..
AND you gave me an idea for a blog post :) i appreciate you for that! will give you credit ;)
hahaha, I thought the same thing. Ashley is an idiot!
I'll be parking at "Palacio de los Jugos" and walk over before getting one of those dumb decals on my car.
Free Scott Oldner Band version of Rudolph The Red Nosed Reindeer on www.solighting.net - Happy Holidays!
Poker with my boys =)
welcome Emily tks for connecting, pleased ur reading our book. your book title is irresistible "Effective Immediately".
Retweets for James J. McDonnell by campaign team tonight.
I could eat that humbow every day! And those ribs!! Delicious. Thx for your hospitality as always.
Local celeb sighting: Old Rasta w/ the ankle-length, graying dreadlocks who drives the Urban Safari tour bus. Driving the bus. Clocked in.
Another weak jobs report. The only way to create jobs is to fire more teachers, firefighters, and cops.
TGIF, Why? I love every day. I day trade and I can't do it on the weekends. I look forward to Mondays when I can get back in the market. $$$
Just home from Toronto...What an amazingly vibrant city! Got to see a great Elliott Brood show...Thanks for hooking me up, Steve Pitkin!!!
If you haven't already, download "Ivory Coast" on our before that shizz expires!
I need to learn how to make sushi, because I crave it just about every day
still awake...smdh
my turn for a s/o
Right near my apt. : Shooting: 1800 Howard Street. Adult male shot in the lower body. Detectives investigating
Painting the shed I think the color looks good so far
Get them in file trouble, Henson and Zeller in the paint, doit!
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you know how to treat a girl right
Colton just admitted to ripping off MN band Quietdrive's version of Cyndi Lauper's Time After Time.
love that movie. Nothing phases me either. Half my movie collection is gory horror.
See you soon! I get in late tonight.
I'll be back later. Random idea: beauty chan on youtube where all the tips are centered around natural beauty. Ok someone run with it!
Lots of rides boomin' Beasties in the NY streets today. Ode to Adam.
Mitt says bullying other kids was just " stupid things". Torturing the family pet was just bonding with the kids. What a jerk!
You got that too? I did too this morning! Apparently, the spammers got ahold of the Seattle startups list somehow.
My brother and cousin kicked me out of the game room cause I gave them small meat and I had a lot
my 100th tweet goes out to my amazing owners. and << 2 amazing wonderful caring people right there. <111
Impressed by how multilingual most Korean's are: Korean, Japanese, Chinese, English - they can even crack jokes selling candy on the street!
Check out Events www.whatsfunnylive.com
oh crap! thanks for pointing it out man
My phones bigger than my wallet....
this panda is going to bed. lol so goodnight :3
I need me some new clothes, Furrealz!
Just in time for holiday shopping, #FF -- it looks like the 1-stop place for all the deals in San Diego.
Great presentation today. You know your stuff and presented very well!!!! Have a GREAT weekend!
Who is this girl talking on #abc? Annoying.
make sure you bring your Laguna Beach season 1 dvd's when you move here... we've got some reminiscing to do.
"What kind of guy w/out a drug or alcohol problem looks this way? Only a writer." -Eddie Morra
Winners! Phillip Tamburello (OliverPeoples Glasses) Bruce Bogart ($50John FlueVog) Nicole Thompson & Matt Blackmore (Brooklyn Industry Tote)
bye bye...and hello,lol
Omg he is amazingly funny I'm in tears
Enough work 4 today. Aaron BarRAZA is out working me, I have NO FRIENDS in EP, the feds are snooping around, I NEED a STIFF martini NOW!
Useless fact: if you fart nonstop for 6yrs,9mos, enough gas is produced to create the energy of an atomic bomb.
Same purpose as the buttons at stoplights, gives us the illusion that we are doing something
Idk why people crave fame.I can't think of anything I'd want less.Give me the simple life. Fam. Friends. Kids. Love. Food & a roof overhead.
oh malea I miss your post talk rants at woodys!
When uses my suggestion to open his Small Sample Size song, how does that affect my score?
Incredible book!
Could I get my hands on some samples?
That moment when you secretly grab something from your friend and when he looks for it, you take it out and say "I'M A NINJA.".
Pyrographis is a leather burning. My profile photo is my first Municipal Arts Grant in Kansas City. It was snowing when brought mural out...
Like a good neighbor state farm is there with a new pair of balls for Lebron James this dude has no hevos
Too much, on my mind.
Actually, he escapes from a train taking him to Auschwitz and encounters a resistance cell while hiding out.
If you drink or smoke at all;
On my hustle this morning gota get it !
Head full of water, but I didn't manage to land my second switch krypt off the kicker. Now to start grabbing it!
Finally graduated from college. Making good money n got twitter back. Life is good right now. God is good.
very cool!
I just noticed lmao.
no i feel like im guna die any second now
Had a great night at with the crew. Cheers to a fabulous Thursday!
So I fell asleep in class an my phone started ringing out loud. How embarrassing.
Can any of you other business owners or marketing folks recommend an online media kit template?
lol, great analogy
You we're in a Starbucks? You've really changed, you're so LA. Chipotle for lunch?
im tired haha im gonna have homework for 2 weeks :(
RIP Dave Hill, another Jackson boy made good.
Great day on the Lower East Side at and Worth braving the cold to visit!
It's the weekend, remember to watch out for the other guy.Be safe.
“And in the end, it’s not the years in your life that count. It’s the life in your years.” – Abraham Lincoln
It's a yucky gray day in Austin. The weather isn't much different than London, but isn't here so it's miserable.
Informal learning process instruction starts with a formal learning program
agreed. Pitches scared
Much more to come on Vox after the official announcement from Georgetown, expected at the beginning of this week.
Welp, at least when I get back home from going to the library AGAIN, I'll have chocolate avocado pudding waiting for me.
Never trust a woman you meet that doesn't have to work during the day.
Thanks! RT : One argument I have never heard before for traditional publishers is that they offer superior Metadata services
Chillin' at #WynnLasVegas! Our view of the strip is am-ah-zing!
you're welcome doll! Yes text me
Sitting w Lou Reed in metal machine trio installation UAM csulb
A SoBe Art Deco Resort Takeover. Party for 3 days & 3 nights w other lifestyle couples from around the world. Pkgs start at $1180 per cpl
Looking for voice-recognition tools that transcribe and tag large volumes of audio or video, like DocumentCloud does for PDFs. Ideas?
rain or shine tomorrow AM??
Just had some great emotion connections to the movie #TheHungerGames!
definitely agreed. Thanks for sharing with us! We definitely love to know what the fans think about the gentlemen :)
Yes then I will definitely be checking them out. I already love their clothes even though they are not tall sized. :)
If you being loved showing love getting love you in love
The English accent. Yeah, doing it again. I don't care how annoyed people get; come at me bro. ;)
Lovely do u want to come TigerLounge tomorrow?
Tom Rubin from Microsoft: Digitization is a societal good
It really cracks me up when I hear women saying they want a "nice" guy, but then they go out with the first ass hole they meet.
Dang. Monumental collapse by Mississippi Valley. Would've been nice to see the swac champs get a win
um, are you inviting me over?
Mom and I do NOT belong in the kitchen... We were making stuffed shells and the tomato sauce exploded! No joke our lid on it broke!!! LMFAO!
love u bro. much thanks for everything. Happy he is resting now.
Shout out to for shedding some tears before the game even started haha
Hard to watch WSH & CAR, while Tim is leading the Broncos!
All of it tho??? RT FATabul0us_Lola I hate you with all my heart
April is earth month come and join the events sponsored by veda through out the month of april, visit www.facebook.com/vedasalonspa
#WeWillAlwaysSupportAustin:) I will never stop supporting you
Some guy in a Ft. Lauderdale grocery store just walked by me and said: "Alright, !"
I realize that the people I regarded as beautiful are really ugly inside.
national doughnut day tommorrow. i will be making the rounds for free doughnuts. when will dunkin get out to DENVER!
Thanks for the
S/O to my new friend
you know i did!
Oh I thought that was Enterprise?
why hello... I'll be your huckleberry.
I cant see Packers putting tag on Flynn if means he will make more then A-Rod even with a trade.
Love u more mayne! 😘😘RT : Happy Birthday to my homegirl Love ya Betch
IT PUTS THE WOO IN MY WOO!
You are right - I should have never asked. Will puke in my lunch now...
i want you to follow me soo bad
When the aid workers leave, that will be the end of
Who knew. Learning can hurt!! My head is still spinning. Very informational but wow. Overload!
I like that!!!! I have to say I am favoring them.
Those Americans left stranded on the beach in this economy can directly blame the #GOP/TPers and the Putocracy w/their croney capitialism.
Receive 10% off your Hair extensions just for being one of our awesome followers! Call 786-234-6211 today for details!!!
Thanks! & I'm quite sure that we've all done this. Case in point that librarians are all undeniably badass.
IF I HAD #1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:)2
NOT impressed with from after on affordable housing. Can’t find cred info on why she is a reputable resource!
Being an airline brat isnt all it's cracked up to be. Trapped yet again :/ ...Least I get to bother miss for the evening ✈❤💃
100+ unread emails made me feel important until I deleted 90+ of them that were newsletters, automated alerts, SPAM and the like
Have 1 party with a purpose ticket. Any takers? DM me.
Doin the thing Downtown #CLE tonight...
is so Hella Hot!!
In honor of my birthday, once again I will be updating twitter for every two drinks I have tonight.
would you like to discuss your kevin search with 1010 WINS radio. Please call the newsroom at (212) 315-7090
I won't be (Michelle) but I'll let the gals know!
why yes it is!!!
I wanna go home and CREATE but this money kinda got me tied down.
Truth. However, MIA is by far the worst of all evils RT : my least favorite airport is "all of them"
OH: Are you, like, drink appropriate?
Always a treat sitting in the middle seat of an airplane...next to a crying infant and a dog.
Aww Brantley put my two dear composers of two eras/genres in one sentence <3
if you think that then I'M not the dumbass. decent people act decent ALL THE TIME. even playing survivor
Why do people have to ruin a perfect relationship everythings fine until 1 person comes and ruins it all
okay, so we seriously just looked up Piggly Wiggly locations and will be buying reusable bags from there on our way back.
Let's go 10 o'clock I do not feel good rite now
thanks. Just got home, turning on the game. Finally... Baseball.
yes, of course.
yeah girl, i totally brought sunglasses but then decided not to wear them....i regretted that decision 3 minutes later
Bo Ricardo : Looks like Ricardo Salazar will be the referee in charge of tomorrow's Sounders-Toronto FC game.
OMG THEY'RE HAVING A SHOW CALLED iLOVE JIMMY FALLON AND JIMMY FALLON'S GOING TO BE IN IT WUT
Congrats to both of you man!
Good Friday morning! #Quote: “Great things are done by a series of small things brought together.” - Vincent van Gogh
hell yes I do!!
Best version yet. Well done.
I'm developing a strange infatuation with the city of Portland. As in, I just purchased a Portland Timbers jersey strange.
Glad you enjoyed ABQ! We love it here too.
All campus buildings open this morning but classes canceled. Watch www.cwsl.edu for updated information as it becomes available.
lol good idea
* Let me be cruel, not unnatural; I will speak daggers to her, but use none. - Hamlet, Act I, Scene II
A Duke study suggests in 2 decades, we'll spend $550 billion in obesity-related health problems like type 2 diabetes & heart disease.
Thx! I will! See you Monday night at the Garden.
Honestly, I'd love to meet POTUS.
Wait, someone is passing out smite keys? I want one!
Florida... RT : RT : States mentioned so far; Wisconsin. North carolina.
Rehearsing tonight. Lots lined up for the summer. Sounds good.
No medium can really be immediate because then there would be no medium.
Happy Valentine's Day! So guys, make girls feel just as special every other day of the year too...
be there around 930 if it's cool
could be my man any day
what happened? Just came by saw everyone gone.
RT "The greatest glory of living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time you fall" #NelsonMandela 1998
Happy Easter! ♥
TOO FUCKING DANDY.
Even tho that 3hr nap i took after work was amazing ...now i cant sleep!
I said I was interested in teaching yoga to veterans. Then I was invited to observe a veteran's support group. I heard stories I can't tell
Are your taxes done? Then treat yourself to a hibiscus facial to calm your stressed out skin. Only $75 in April!
The best Happy Hours are on Fridays!
Overheard at Starbucks: "I did all my piercings on my body myself."
I want you so bad even the way you lean excites me
Can't wait to see prev UpLate guest perform her new jam as well! Come see us tmrw if you're in attndce
hating that movie: hard. being bitter that those seats can be charged for: easy.
4 day weekend!
vancouver market this mornin'
I don't get some ppl WHY would u come to the gym and work out while ur high! SMH
Woo hoo back in Erie again! lets go Micro Brewers fest
I'm hoping it was just twitter but if not, I'll miss you
There is a difference between "taking pride in" and "being prideful about" a #startup. One invites success and the other invites a beating.
Couldn't sleep last night. So much on the brain.
Realized I'm not paying close enough attention when it takes me like 7 sessions or about 50 hrs of exposure 2 realize dude missing a finger
San Mateo Blvd. closed in both directions between Montgomery and Comanche. More on www.krqe.com.
Whts up how u been
Wednesday night ballers-- You deserve a drink or 2 at Patrick Js after your double headers. See you there.
Happy Mother's Day!! I hope you have a great one! Xoxo
Work is so boring
In regards to my prior tweet, everyone please follow here on Twitter or we won't bring back the Stoli Doli!!!
[Confidential] Do not read this tweet if you don't play Skyrim: What up my Redguards?
you dont stat until 6 now, stay up!
isnt ur contract up next year w/ the nba or this year.
so is this work Europeana does on behalf of the repositories so to speak, or are they exposed to risk if they point ?
SEX ain't better then LOVE ♥ but love HURT like yo first time having SEX
follow to win a COUPON BINDER
knowing that I'll be Truckee in the am, makes it worth it tonight.
#ithoughtyouwerecute until you said you were a Republican.
yah buh cause you cant get over the fact that she didnt vote for Rachel. she voted for her ally.
There's money in them couches, couple ounces for the wake up.
I'm gonna go punch a wall now.
Omg. Emma Stone is in the new Spiderman! Just became my favorite summer movie.
what you got going down today?
would be kid friendly. But it really depends. Quaker Steak & Lube is more of a restaurant than a bar.
nice. I've been at a discipleship training for 3 months. Got 3 more. Home for weekend tho. U all good?
poor Ann! Ha! I get a little excited thinking someone has something to call about and then I answer and just hear shuffling.
I feel like I'm gonna cry.
Thankfully Debbie doesn't mind hungover daughters at her mother's day brunch.
Thanks! Bypass works on any phone w/ internet access. Go to www.bypasslane.com to register for your free account!
“: “: How do five gay guys walk? In one direction.” #ELOHEL” you can thank Lauryn for this!
We'd love to hear about your #Culture & #FamilyTraditions. Tweet us your story.
Morning! Don't be afraid to use your gifts!
I love the Nike Pointe shoe. But I was always a rebel ballerina. With my 2tone leotard&printed tights. LOL
Thank you for sharing the news about Fund for Teachers & our teacher grants. Also really liking your tweets on giftedness!
man really wanted to go the hotsprings i hate fuckin #hippies man !
Great point clouds made up of red and blue! WILL b a great practice!RT : Purple clouds! Going to be a great morning practice!
she will be 6 in july.. :)
Nothing so far. Boo!
sup bro..
Awaiting orders to beam you up Capt. Rockk! Your custom ordered Light Saber is ready for you..I'm sure it will be to your liking
Maybe you shouldn't look at me that way...
About to drink an energy drink and freak out my officemates with how hyper I'm gonna get
UGH...REALLY-U R SUCH A LOSER!!!!
Because they are pillars of society? Care about the poor?Donate to Meals on Wheels? They hide & pay tools to spread the HATE!
No answers on #GeekTrivia from : In the new 52, what DCU villian was revealed to be impersonating Booster Gold's companion, Skeets?
jOHN- Lewis class ^_^
Today at 4:30 pm in the Gate, First Floor Lounge-- You've Got a Friend in Me. FREE PIZZA!
RT stop engaging in SADNESS media!
Them Big Boys hit hard!!!! Nice finish from Big Ben
How much #golf has #Obama played? Read it here- USSportspages.com
haha, I love it!
i look so messy right now.
Ladies and gentleman, if you see a suspicious package, do not keep it to yourself. I'm waiting on a box from Sears.
Perfect day in #Austin. Think it's a work from the back porch kind of day!
"my ghetto name is j'corey"
you wanna meet me there?
k on my way
Thanks for following BAA!
we only drink the pear nectar
May God hold you & keep you
Jump off the cliff and build your wings along the way.
RT : Eric it was such a special night 4 me. THANKS.
Hammy really wants that contract. Sweeping the dugout, even! Lol
If you don't listen to Glenn Beck, you don't deserve to live in America!!!
- Have you considered tutoring with Reading Partners? We'd love to have a professional book lover in our ranks!
I only have one ticket. Yup. Pathetic.
Oh you're gonna ignore me? Okay,ill ignore you too. :)
The hardest part about growing up is letting go of what you were used to, and moving on with something you’re not.
NBC News: Newt Gingrich will lose his Secret Service protection tonight
It's not the wind, it's the set of the sail in your heart. Where are you setting your sails on today? That is where you are heading today.
Everyone wish my girl a happy birthday! Love you sweets! I'm ready for tonight's festivities! 💋
should be getting my iphone in the mail tomorrow! :D
Eli Capiluto doesn't "get it".
still a good shot at moving on, thibs showing how good he really is
I always got those baseball mit ones. If the gum ball said home run, you got a free one from the truck
Wow , nice attitude. Where'd you get it at? 'Abercrombie and Bitch?' c;
Good advice I guess, but what about drinking while sitting?
Yay for screwing myself over academically....
7 walks for the Giants. First time they've walked 7 times in a game since Barry Bonds walked 7 times in a game that one time.
Love being out in CLE working with the Great team to work with, very excited to have the opportunity!
why dont they have a friggin wnba game out already? thats just retarded
Happy Friday! Let's make it a safe day--don't forget to arm your system before you leave home.
Head out to BRINK ORLANDO tomorrow where i will be spinning beats! OPEN BAR 11-12!!Hope to see you all out there!...
RT : Wow! There are some great deals on right now - massages, yoga, art. Check it out and support !...
Going to see if we have any good movies downstairs, I need sound in order to sleep. :p
Funny that she doesn't think Carl's throwing punches either. Maybe she's not getting those emails.
POKER TIP OF THE DAY: It is a luxury to be able to play poker. Always see it as the luxury it is and do not feel entitled to anything.
May have had best brunch ever.
Who's going to see From Apathy at BackstageLive next weekend!?
Ribs, potato salad, corn-on-the-cob, baked beans, and iced tea. Medicine.
Saw a Chevy Volt eastbound on 1-94 this AM. First one I've seen on the road so far.
Frank Gross! Who the hell are you??
Ok who do I need to kill?
snow on the ground: I don't know whether to be proud or disappointed of you, Wisconsin.
Thanks Momma!
#IWishTheyWouldBringBack Boy Meets World. Best show ever.
Real friendship is shown in times of trouble, prosperity is full friends
Thanks, we hope all's well.
Sent of a resume to 's , which would actually be a great fit. I wrote my dissertation on pancakes. With syrup.
I can't with theese Akron QUEENNNSS GUUUUURRRL BOOM
Thanks to PC followers! You make the world go round!
Fuck commitment let's just fuck like gorillas.
#ThingsIDislike people that follow me on twitter after i blocked you on fb
RT : #FollowFriday time! The social media squad //Love it!
Happy Sunday ! Who is watching #football ??
no problem!
: ok ok oh yeah we are testing today
it's a touch-ey subject lol...but he better watch his back tomorrow. I may have bought a nerf gun....
so jealous haha
Sells out faster every year! Also, the lineup this year blows last year OUT OF THE WATER. Awesome!
yes. yes you will. i could do lunch tomorrow or thursday!
Woa, what a day. So glad its 5:15, 80 degrees out and heading home!!
Apparently, "amish romance" is a genre.
Time to get creative at SheaMoí Naturelle!
O my god the moon is so bright!
Just remember to *high five* each other for everyone! ;)
Ha! Lucy gets all the attention. She was went on the long 1/2 block walk to get it.
Playing SIMON on my iPad on the I Wanna Go set to pass the time. -Britney
good doggy (;
We not only have a large inventory of new Dodge cars & trucks, we have a large array of used cars, trucks, and SUVs.
Hahaha! That movie is to funny.
RIP Levon Helm, co-founder of The Band. Take a load off.
": The feeling of when a boy who left you comes back and you don't even think twice before saying no."
Oh actually you had it right, that was a typo. My bad!
Draft online feed cut to a feed of some family eating lunch for a few minutes. It was very odd. Then it cut to a desktop screen.
RT : ....what a day for football - the worlds greatest game!
Betemit is just bad everywhere
Thanks for the #FF last week.
To cement a new friendship, especially between foreigners or persons of a different social world, a spark with which both were s
Likewise brother!
Q;You gone let me take yo virginity? A;UM.... Youu Killen Me Bro I Dont Kn About Thatt ?
where did you get the love sac at?
Love coming up with a biz idea that everyone you run it by can't find glaring flaws in....
my uncle told me the same thing lol
ok im done
'Abdu'l-Bahá wants to find a shoe store: his shoes are hurting him. There's one a few blocks up.
I'm watching Asleep at the Wheel at New Orleans Jazz Festival 2012 miles and miles of texas.
i already have it .
In 1996, I saw on a talk show & thought " She's 9 like me. I can be an actress" & then I didn't.
is killllin me . im dying to know now . ugh !
- oomf Came To School Today With NO Drawls On ! l0l, Got Plenty Of Thee Breezes! aha #TEAM NO DRAWLS
I really enjoy when I plug my iPhone in and it says it needs to be restored...? No, I didn't choose to restore it.
Getting ready for a great week of worshipping God with the folks from Care Net at the Gaylord Palms. Should be an awesome time.
See why the fuck are you asking me where I'm from. Like if I really wanted your ass to know I'd turn on my location...
Just got back into NYC LGA last night sad to leave CR but glad to be back.
I've seen WSJ and other MSM outlets link to him. That needs to stop. Got to call attention to it.
Keep it up TeBow
awww tears of joy 💜 yup, one day we will. Hopefully soon tho (:
All facts do not come in 140 characters or less. Do your research!
lol win den
And now back to the same shit.
I got it, Ill try to finish it in a few days.
it was an early night for the boy last night bra...Had to work today
this job... "did you happen to find any illegal substances in the bathroom this morning" uh, no?
My feed is just a bunch of people drunk off bball!! I love it :)
RT : “Love is giving and faith is receiving. Without both, the flow of the universe is broken and we are less than complete!”
I am 13
Gary Pope - online video has far > potential for emotional connection w/kids than TV spots. See & share.
Having a box of teddy grams and some juice would make the fact that I've been up since 3:45 much more enjoyable.
after spending a solid ten minutes with spell-check, I can confirm that it's spelled "whittle."
Me and The Terrortubbies took over Seattle and ruled the Summer. Now time for the Tubbies to hit the books... DADDY LOVES and MISSES YOU!!
www.bleachercreaturesusa.com
maybe in select early showings, but not released nationally
Heading to Trax for DRAG NATION!!! Love u
#BK -Put That On My Heart is #100 >>
Saw that was having a Derby event and thought of you! Did you end up deciding to throw party or not this year?
Coachella I love you but you kicked my ass this year.. This yearly tradition will no longer involve camping
you're saying you'll buy me the $500 copper kitchen aid mixer I registered for?! Mike, that's so sweet!
Yesterday I was wearing at tank top and flip flops... Today I am wearing a sweater and scarf!
they weren't protesting the meeting. They weren't allowed to attend the meeting and neither were the homeless.
Everybody is sick  thank God I have a good immune
At the hospital visitin my godmother seein how she doin
Will be jolly'ing it up around Launch Pad today? Better visit our #prelax popup shop and find out!
I think it's kind of degrading. Ghetto.
Thank you for the beautiful pic of our showroom!
this is justification for not voting?
im going to slap you so hard tomorrow!
So true!! : As a #Leo,You love people or you really dislike them. There is not much in between where your feelings are concerned
well just keep doing your thing man. And you'll be okay
did Leelee face plant after the throw? If so, then yeah that would be weird.
Dude want me to sweat him but i refuse I'm and she never put sweatsuits on a mf
RT Digital Preservation people, I'm writing about emulation vs. migration strategies. Opinions?
yeah I got sick like the day after, no body aches, just a cough, runny nose. Finally getting over it.
It's beautiful that we have a plethora of talented people in da Mil. Dont be intimidated by it. Embrace it. We can do so much more 2getha
When are we gonna be on GOOD MORNING AMERICA?!? Coaches have hold me "You'll see it when you believe it."
Sorry for the less than stellar start to your hosting experiencing w/our company. Please follow for updates ^CH
I'm not expecting any delays in the A, S, S, (Shuttles in Time's sq and Bk). I had Mexican last night.
Happy birthday love!... Hope you have the best day ever..
Happy Valentine's Day!!
“: saw the interview on a lot of us are excited about your product!” Thanks for checking us out!
Damm its hot, bit niajer Morgan is my new favorite brewer
Awesome NRS Pinning Ceremony. Outstanding guest speaker................she has motivated me 4 my last semester.
Chel just saw bridemaids and said it wad hysterical!
The bosu ball and kettle bells are my friends. Really, they are but secretly, I'm not theirs. Worked out
THEY BETTER WIN TONIGHT OR ILL BE MAD JUST Alittle
Had the Subway pizza sub. Wasn't that great. Too much sauce erreywhere.
What's up? :3
follow please ? (:
well the only game they legitimately lost was against Syracuse and they were leading for most of it. #bearcats>hoyas
is looking at Twitter for the first time in 27 days... I'm gonna start following this on my phone, & see if I do better...
RT RT : Hoodies get you shot. Short skirts get you raped. No wonder people in the future always wear jumpsuits.
Right back at you, Steve. Thanks for the great presentations!
***RT2WIN CONTEST*** RT the next tweet for your chance to win 2 tickets to Bon Iver at on June 6th!
It is easy to take liberty for granted, when you have never had it taken from you. ~Author unknown
Baltimore city health clinics saw increase in male participation after making effort to make more attractive to males
Need a last minute holiday gift? Check out wonderful children's books at www.facebook.com/gbookguilddc.
": Nobody? Oh okay, kool..." Man dats fucced up, i don't know u but I got u:-) wat u want for Christmas?
Baseball starts in a month, and all #ESPN talks about all day is football
#packers should probably go for 2 if they can find the endzone again.
During church this morning the only thing that was going on through my head was the song Taylor gang by
they are like golden tickets but the prize is to be OLLG. you dont have to buy them.
Leigh Ann and Parker show up at my house when I don't invite them, but when I do, they don't show up.....
Been doing it for a decade, almost, and it hasn't made a bit of difference. One single typo and it's back to square one.
Mary Renault~ It is bitter to lose a friend to evil before one loses him to death.
I did! My niece and I are psyched for the maze.
Man my son fitted sheet is always off his bed what does this lil dude be doin whn he sleep. SMH
You are so welcome.
yea yea yea.
Picture paragraphs unloaded, wise words being quoted, peeked the weakness in the rap game and sewed it
Did you see him carve that spoon? And build that fireplace? He could kill Bear Grylls just by looking at him.
Haha - you made her day :) MT : CSPAN, put PAM in front of the CAMERA.
Editiing the pilot episode. Stay tuned for airtime & web addy. Follow the Freaks on Twitter & on www.yournewsdetroit.com!
Boise State's loss (I know always a Bronco) is Chicago Bear's gain!!
do a show in paris over the summer of '09
RT : You are about to witness a dynasty like none other join the movement
I deleted that tweet so I don't confuse people.
Watching last night's Mad Men and all I will say is this: HOT DAMN SALLY DRAPER!
Swoon. He is so adorable!
Felt like I was out of my orbit, then I had my special moring brew....now I feel better, so much better :-))
Just not considering now. Maybe a new superintendent would RT flat "no"...? i assume they think will get a better TV deal?
Fuck you, education.
you create apps correct ?
RT : Hi everyone! Thank you for inviting me to be the guest host!
much colder.
calling all WEDDING photogs, planners, caterers, bloggers, etc. wanna contribute to 944's feb. wedding issue? email me at
well, I'm jealous :/ good for you
Bummed i'm not in Hollywood at the House of Blues supporting my boys. Good thing i'll see em on Dec 11 :]
I'm giving away 2 promo codes for Builda the Re-Bicycler. To enter, answer this: What won the Caldecott the year the EPA launched?
Ranked 260 in the world RT : lol guy with BEST clan tag...
there doing better. Next year were good
Day 3 of #21daychallenge. It's on like donkey kong.
My dreams have come true.
lol key word ARE WE and yhu think im beautiful (thats kinda gay)
lol have fun
we have to link up soon brother. been way too long
Taking a pic in a bra & panty set with cheap heels will never make u model or wifey material
In my job it's hard to balance content creation and thinking about audience and biz and reach. Dan Blank helping that process.
Witness: William Balfour asked her to cover for him - Chicago Sun-Times
#DontCare If u hate me
Watching Americas next top model
Happy Mother's Day to all my fellow moms out there! Hope you all have an awesome day!!!
I usually don't brag but losing weight is not an easy task and I'm so proud of myself for being committed. I can already see results! Whew!
orange chicken!!(:
Thanks for the #ff and mentions
Jim, like your work/site. Looking forward to seeing more
At Zach Colliers concert!
You go girl! Love that you're doing this!
": Bummed "Smash" isn't a Friday Night Lights spin-off." me too!
Aww. It's nice there in the summer. But only for a week or so.
Fina watch scareface cuz im bored..:) i never really saw this movie.
Over wknd, our building was tagged with a lot of very large graffiti defacement pieces. It was very disheartening, BUT ...
“: I love u takes 3 seconds to say,, 3 hours to explain but a lifetime to prove #spreadlove”
this is really painful to watch
The way David Beckham says "strawberry banana smoothie" >
Wrap day 2; didn't rain, but we were pummeled by 40mph winter winds. Can't be perfect, but it was close. Best cast & crew that Oregon has!
Follow me
Im watching fullmetal alchemist on netflix. I like this one better then the old one.
want one now!
thanks for the RT, Rick
That's me, Facepalm Ryan.
Grazie! Not too superstitious so it's all good! "Break a leg" also works. BTW choreographer =UMD Alum! Go Terps!
Man what a night! Good morning
Thanks guys! I promise you Maria will show her soft side soon!
Whoa. Books are so much cheaper on my kindle! I'm loving it! How is everyone today?
Work at church today.
RT : Haiti needs ur help pls donate to help our relief effort text YELE to 501 501 & 5 dollars will be donated 2 help those in Haiti
when I heard thy weren't starting Tebow the gate I was like that's stupid dude gots skills.
good job!
so this woman runs up to my car-"how do I get to the 71!" LA reflex kicks in-"you need to get to 210-to-57 to the 71-she smiles!
I just finished putting music on this old mans ipod he beta be happy with what he got!
Thinking about Michael Carter and all he taught me. I am thankful for his Hope and Love he gave to Baltimore.
oh,Alrightt. second?
that sounds good. I could go for some nachos. Julie and I went there once before
Have fun! RT : Today YuppieRally races at the 24 hours of Lemons at #NHMS. One month from today- The Yuppie Rally heads south!
Afternoon long course swim followed by weights, veggies, and brown rice pasta. Mad props to L.A. for the perfect weather.
Happy new year(=
thanks for the follow you guys! good stuff up ahead!
Marcum says need to start digitizing ourselves (w/o promise of Google). Yes, and if that means shifting resources, so be it.
“: nick: fell in the pool and broke my $900 macbook lol #WackyWednesday” LOLL
you actually didn't, but okay if you want to believe that.
I Love Justin as much as he loves his family+beliebers+himself+music+food+scauter+usher+kenny+selena+friends+... and that's alot
can you play "Want U Back" by Cher Lloyd?
Pool closed for the season at Luxor hotel Las Vegas
Arrived at 24 Hour Fitness on the 23rd hour of the day and 5 hours later I'm showing no signs of stopping
odd-hour birds
Had an 11-hand run at the #blackjack tables. The end-of-the-month heroics rear their head again as I make
i will
Great quote from the Founder of Big Spaceship speaking of design execution: What separates good from great is that last 10% of polish.
The judges will accept that answer. :)
Never getting up at 4a.m. Again #sleepy #lifeofaprincess 💤💤💤💤💤✈✈✈
damn...some vitriolic people here. Its called twitter not bitter.
The money is the motive
Omg when the boyz came from behind the umbrellas i almost peed myself
that's quite alright ;)
More retro #madmen ads: Google+
your dad lol
i just want to see liam....i know he will make me happy...
we wont have to trust me, everythings final
RIP Donna Summer. Last Dance, indeed. =(
City council chambers packed, SRO. Lots of SCAN supporters here. Thank you!
Thanks for the martini, ! I will pay you back in books tomorrow. (Plus it was fantastic to meet you.)
Fucking glitter... you can only blame it on your wife so many times before she stops waring it.
I can't be hungry again :/ bring on the tea. Where's my butler?
Night every1:D
Chelsea Lately now
It helps in games where breaking down opponents defense is tough. If the regular isnt working, switching it up will give us an edge
"Vanek fails to connect". Hmph... Heard that before. If #1 line doesn't get a point tonight, Hodgsen should center it in
you know you miss office full of advice like: be more antisocial, then people won't notice anything but the fact you showed up
Heat fans that became heat fans when Lebron came <<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
is Mrs. Chapman your bus driver?
haha i just dissed this dude on im (:
it don't matter wenever u get outta scoo idc
#InstantTurnOn A tiny waste
Gov. Sam Brownback: quoting John Brown "I John Brown am now quite certain that the crimes of this guilty land will never be purged away ...
I'm not sure people understand why Suggs' ability to set the edge on runs AND rush the passer is so rare. Best in football at that combo.
#ilovemyMother and I'm sure you do too. Dont forget Mothers Day is Sunday 5/13/12
Thanks for the follow!
where yu at?
Tax Time Special! Save some bucks. Tell us you found us on Twitter and receive 15% off your rate for the evening!!! Expires April 18th 2010.
Potato chips for breakfast......
The Monkees - I'm a Believer [official music video]
Why am I hearing that 's gonna be at my votech tmrw. Smh, if he did come & I had to take PSSA I would be SO mad.
Hum Lebron seems fine to me
This RT : JR Smith in 2K12 couldn't do what JR Smith just did in real life.
I do not understand this word, "share."
They're not a for style they're to maintain you hairstyle
will do! its going to be at the aston dealership.
Dancing to Cody Simpson with the little children on the bus.
true he left handed.
Family in my 7 week program just IM me, her daughter was non verbal 7 wks ago, talked in 2 wks, TOLD HER MOM "I LOVE YOU" Tonight' PRICELESS
does he have good reason?? “: Y this man just ask me if I'm fucking his wife LOL”
Vanessa Hudgens: Maxine Boutique Beauty - GossipCenter.com
Wow. Yeah, she could have planned better but you'd really begrudge her trying to keep an eye on her kids during flight?
yes! for once Jewels actually used the scratching post!
🎶🎶We also provide GUEST🎶🎶 DJ's. If your looking for something fresh and new contact us!!! 🎶🎶
I'm in. Let me know if there is a theme other than #slsa12 's "nonhuman"
Hah! And my mathematically challenged follow-up. Still, baited breath on who survived thus far. Thanks for update.
AH!!!! IM SO FOLLOWING THE SHIT OUT OF HIM
I wonder this too. Sign of the times. RT : Why the "news" just report on a celebrity unfollowing another celebrity on twitter?
It's like, if someone is tweeting you or texting...they're awake don't ask.
Lafayette square mall is popped
One time to turn to you
Those little details are the ones that make my days!!
Links are up on www.watchnhllive.com go register and watch all your hockey games its free and fun enjoy!!!!
Do you have anything for headaches?
Sony Masterworks Releases Debut Album By London's West End Star Ramin Karimloo - MarketWatch (press release)
Baking a cake for the first time in a couple months since my brother bday. Used to make them things everyday lol.
nice! thats almost every day for me. ha
How is everyonne :l
Just chillin, watching t.v . I can't sleep . Idk why !
hm I looked at ur items but i can't recall it...lot of cute stuff but not in my size :(
Even Roy Hibbert is showing up LeBron James down the stretch!
what u doing babyg let's chill !
looks so good enjoy!
oh so now musicians?!
I had no room left ???
Found my dad in the 1940 SF census. His fam's Castro 3 bedroom is valued at $4750, & my grandma made $1600/year as a telephone operator.
Now happily accepting donations and volunteers... Let's get it started in here! www.LaneForCongress.com
Sad trend here is assessments almost as a scare tactic for parents/students. Admins want grades posted for all to see.
dont worry your not alone i thought the same thing haha
Busy busy busy!
well thanks!!! omg omg omg i see you tomorrow :)
#ff for the latest in vikings news. Go Vikings! We better get favre a rotary phone you can't sext with those
hey there!
sex with fans d.c. followed by eminem
Accessioning madness all up in here
Omg could u help me ? Please
Whats everyone's favorite #Halloween Candy? So far Reese's Peanut Butter Cups are in the lead.
“I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.” Thomas A. Edison
"If you plant a tree, you take care of it. If you plant an ecosystem, it takes care of you." - SF Urban Permaculture Design Course
you can have Niall now
MY COUSIN JUST WON SURVIVOR AND IS A MILLIONAIRE. I can't think of anyone who deserves it more! Congrats Kim!
that's what she said?
Haha lol wierdo im listening to "I remember me" by jenifer h. on da tv... da station channel :)
#INLegis: Smoke in bars is OK because no one's under 21, but kids in smoke-filled clubs is OK, as is smoky charity gaming in schools. Huh?
In airport awaiting delayed flight I plug computer to kiosk w/3 others NO power They're ALL sheep Not one noticed I lose faith in humanity
It may not look like Spring outside but its time for that Spring make over.
is packed, complimentary drinks up-stairs! 21+
i want to meet Justin Bieber...so bad...but i don't want it to be at meet & greet...
I'm pretty good Wasup with u
Guys from the FD. THANKS so Much for the donation. Just opened the envelope. I hate get emo'd. It means a lot. Bill
185 emails in my inbox... Sometimes the "Reply All" button just needs to die.
I am going to bed happy.
I hope everything works out for you Logan! Ill miss seeing you on the road!
Great! Let us know what you think!
sounds good! What time do you guys think you will be done.
You can watch it for free. Want me to send you the link? It's hilarious btw.
Our Father which art in heaven...
Linguist working on #JimCrow as fostering a distinct African American dialect and it's connection to Southern English.
Wonder why chose a frog in our logo/name? We love frogs & the idea of “leaping” into ebooks (pardon the cheese!).
“: If you bite my lip or neck, you better start taking your f**king clothes off. Just Saying!”
can't wait to see my hubby at the end of the week. #countdownbegins 😍😘👍💋
lmao cuz u wen 'ah' like when people let out a huge fart haha
Damn fam just gon blast me huh...i gotcha when i get hm u alreddi kno & gud lookin out fa da #Queen!!!
I was about 140 shy of 300 - but it has been at least a year since I've rolled a bowling ball.
never heard of it but im on netflix all the time. ill have to check it out
I think its about time the government starts issuing FUEL STAMPS!
PIZZA WAVE
thanks for the follow...we never charge extra for emergencies, weekends, holidays or nights...24/7
Happy Mother’s Day!
ill chill lol just let me know where at
Its official! I submitted my final paper for seminary! On april 28th I will walk with my Masters of Divinity (M.Div)!!!
Wet Dirt for the win.
#OTG #WEAREOTG #OTGLIFE #OTGTIPS LIVE, LOVE, SMILE, CREATE, ITS ALL APART OF BEING A ARTIST!
Goodnight everyone and peace! 8)
Yes...hilarious!
TWEET TWEET TWEET!!!! hehe
sorry i missed you at la fuente! let's meet up in milwaukee sometime soon though for lunch :)
you're one in a 3 billion!
Check out some music conferences like to do some good networking - you can email me here: .
Weekend can't come any faster.
Thanks ever so for the mention!
Talking to chyna HMU if u wanna talk
It's that time of the year again! NBA playoff time! Theses Florida teans are looking good!
First 730 class for the next 4 weeks........meh
These some of the ugliest strippers I've ever seen though. My eyes hurt.
Now we have to get LA signed!
I have met the new group of co-workers. Lets just say this is going to be an interesting summer
relocation? You haven't even met everyone at -this-location yet!
for sure. Did you get to Austin yet?
Sad news Chris Ethridge, Bass player for the Flying Burrito Brothers & Willie Nelson died today. Bad week for rhythm players.
i get home from the gym all sweaty and gross, and john bernthal from #thewalkingdead is sitting in my living room. WTF
xo sweets, sorry if I got back to you but I'm in between cold and exhausted. Good morning!
Good practice, ready for tomorrow!!
#healthdata Code-a-thon feels like the locker room before the Superbowl! Its on!
Words can't describe how AMAZING Coachella was last night. Still blown away...
Fri night, baby is down. attempting to learn Indoor Fireworks by LHC. wow he sings high.
Our patio is open! Be the 1st to enjoy the Echo patio this year!
SO GLAD YOU UNDERSTAND:) WELCOME BACK WE'VE MISSED YOU.
whoa sorry man. I was just getting marketplace sell pieces on the marketplace too.
So sweet to know that someone cares(:
“ I couldn't agree less.” there goes kevin disagreeing with my humor yet again :-)
If it's downtown Cleveland, how will you be able to tell?
It seems to be a knock-off of Celebrity Duets, which ran like 5+ years ago for like two seasons maybe.
One way to up your running pace is to accidentally get mixed up with a JV track team on the jogging trail.
DEVASTATED Awake got cancelled!!!!
I am looking for a good runing car..who got a car for sale ???? Get at me plz..
snuggling up and watching Titanic until bedtime :)
Thanks for swinging by today! Hope you have a great #4sqday!
yeah, you know not every author has their facts straight before writing their story. I blame the publisher lol
RT : This is awesome. I'm not waiting on hold RIGHT NOW because is having Delta Airlines call me. (BLAST!!!)
BABE I CAN TALK TO U BOUT SUTTINREAL QUICK HIT ME UP
5 worldwide trends for pretty little liars
5 Ways an iPad Can Transform Bad Meetings
RT : VH1 Soul is playing all of Whitney Houston's videos now.”
Good morning #Boston friends!! Hope you enjoy this beautiful Sunday :)
ahahhahah good theory. I didn't think of that. What about Asian girls?!
I'm sorry. :c
looks delicious!
Tweet tweet tweet
are you marking out lol. Your upset and rowd up but when your boy goes down you going be like damn (mud on face) lmao
#Philly would love to meet you! Come to #kensington and check out what director is doing with !
And let the whole world waits ... © Internet Explorer.And let the whole world waits ... © Internet Explorer.
Shocking news! I just heard a person ask me if we had beer ! We have 130 beers ,including my fave on tap,Boddington's !
RT : Oh. RT : the Knicks taking this to a game 7. I'm telling you
- Lots of loss for Oklahoma lately. :( Keeping his family in our prayers.
hypocrisy in its finest form, well played
Precisely!!!! With the color scheme of our revolutionary logo.
oh, the #heat made the playoffs? I hadn't noticed
Same ol shit just a different day.
i love how we had a random lunch at the ranch market :')
#Team this #Team that... Yall aint on that team yall just cheerin. talkin bout some #TeamTatted :/ REALLY wit less than 10 tats?
Of course the minute I find parking it starts down pouring :P
Seven days straight..one day off and then my week starts again. All I see is green right now
You are so correct, With God all thing are possible. With God for you who coud stand against you?
Passing notes with him in class and everyone is wondering what we are talking about
Tired of ear phones failing me everytime
Im on One.
I am extremely proud of my president today. Keep up the great work!
Oh by the way besides a #BostonBlackout there is traffic.
sorry i wasnt there for you when you need me. now i regret it. but then again your an asshole so it makes up for it and i dont feel so bad.
Aurelio's Pizza, established in 1959, is now featured as a vintage restaurant on the domu #Chicago History Map!...
I didn't expect you to :)
. DRose also missed 20+ games and minutes were limited due to these injuries . . .
You two getting the hang of it? Glad to have you both on the site! (I Kept you both, too.)
Finally, thanks to & Tom Augst for the invitation to Promising future for
I thank god for hotels like the North Hill Renaissance that have real hot water...not that yucky luke warm mess.
Things are better now no worries (:
Love is the most powerful force on earth...
I've never had black cherry, but you should definitely try their new blood orange - it's delicious!
says to use social media tools to solve a problem you're passionate about. Beware of using SM for arbitrary reasons
If you've always wanted to try Pilates---today is the day--I will guide you through every move!
He went back to shelving, but I could tell he wanted to shush me.
3 hours left to come buy some !!! Come through and show some LOVE!
Tiger has the "better than most" putt coming up.
RT i need to get up and get dress. .. . . Myee to ii feel hella lazzzyyyy
streamer wise, only me, but we have 2 photographers and a videographer as well
We are!
I love my friends. They keep me accountable for making my dreams come true.
Who has some trouble for us to get into tonight?
:D so tell me a little bit more about yourself :D
I think I've discovered the opening shot for the trailer! :-)
Dear your back massages are the reason I can come to work. You're the best
Mavs have won 11 straight and still find themselves 2nd to 19-3 #gospursgo who keep the franchise's fast start going with win against Hawks.
I can't friggin see my friggin mentions.
Congrats on the new gig! Sorry, though, to see you go. CSPAN's lucky to have you.
Something #Laredo does is sell Avon!
sup foolie long time huh
I GIVE UP</3 Can I Please get A Hello Gorgeous? or I Love You Brianna?(: Please Make my Dream Come True! I Love You So Much :/
RT F the haters we love you Agree
: tell me how to bbm?
I'm not much for the Super Bowl actually. Watch the commercials more than the game :)
Nice job P1 in final warm up and only few laps after 2 reds. Also best Lotus engine in field.
Hush, hush. I heard a sound come from the ground. All of the trees are a buzz, talking in tongues, talking with lungs, talking with freedom.
Thanks Mr. Bunnow!
Happy new year from the Hillcrest Town Council! May your 2011 be prosperous and filled with joy.
LOL IM MAD AS HELL
It's never too early to take notes on how I DON'T want my kids to act, right? Almost had to knock some parents out this morning at Shipley's
I hear you've been looking for a workout buddy? I could be your girll!!
I'm probably an asshole. But I think im nice about it
oh nd no
wishes she had a magic wand to make certain people disappear right about now..
Z to lose + Z to fear = X to gain, where X is everything and Z is nothing. Y wait?
in a rehearsal for my Italian classical song and girl it last for 3 hrs. What you doing boo !?
The word "bacon" dates to the 1500's. In Middle English "Bacoun" referred to all pork. By the 1700's "bacon" referred to only cured pork
Don't you be holding back you love <3
Well, this is really a roller coaster...
Thank you Mushi for the info about Spirit Day..... always helpful!!!!(#####)
RT : RT : RT : LeBron can't even get the refs to call a foul on him when he tries to give one.
Just enjoyed an outstanding Dark Chocolate Sea Salt Caramel from yum.
Boom! In and out. Called got it to go in 15 min. Who's your daddy? Or rather who's your Edamame? (@ Boom Noodle - Bellevue)
Thanks to everyone who tuned in to last nights radio show on KDVS. The Acidic Swamp Bands maiden voyage went well. We set sail again soon.
Ask hi Yvonne
Take the first step in faith. You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step. ~ Martin Luther King
SOE Software would like to wish all the counties of the U.S. a very happy National County Government Month!
them shits pop up on shoe blogs damn near daily... a lot of corny niggas out there
Syria is falling apart. The government definitely has its back against the wall.
my soul is in fire right now ....
are you mad!?!?
How about a follow. I swear I seen you at the gym the other day, but I know it wasnt you..could be your twin
lol uh oh
hey jun what is your xbox gt tell me in a dm ok when you get this alright please bro
havin a great day with my kid at d happiest place on earth! Disney world!!!
"We should throw a silent dinner party since people just tweet at each other anyway!" on the future of social media
#Thatawkwardmomentwhen your mom sees ya at the strippy lmaooo
Pls chill w/ the Kobe/Lebron comparisons!! One has 5 rings, the other none!!
Key hunting at the Ca d'Zan. Can't wait for Jersey this weekend! Reconstructed a centerpiece this weekend after it collapsed
Polls are open in #Arlington! Take 5 minutes to vote in the special election to fill Barbara Favola's County Board seat!
can you get your followers to follow ??
i know im soo excited!!! lol
LegalShield - Identity Theft Shield can protect you against Identity Thieves. www.prepaidlegal.com/hub/ossg
In Hood River apple picking, from farm stands. Gorgeous views of Mt Hood from the road & that fresh blueberry tampanada!
Thanks for all your prayers. My Pop-pop made the transition a little while ago peacefully and in no pain.
...my brotha...how you been? We aint rapped in a minute....hope all is well...
That's a good strategy. I think the mental toughness is the hardest part!
she cant love you, like i can.
I wonder who wrote the software for my dishwasher... Somewhere, there is some guy who's job it is to write dishwasher software.
Any friends out there who are playing MW3 and would like to join a clan? Lemme know!
#BuddyMediaTL Padvertisement is the next big DOOH business breaking out in 2012. Our product will bedazzle the tablet advertising world.
What Chamber of Commerce guy constantly tries to convince everybody that business sucks in his hometown?
congrats Zach and Kim!
“:Thursday S/o 2 Followers :-) ” Thanks dude!
-Jumping Jay Flats just came on the playlist. Made me think of you! Haha
eh, perhaps a hungover viewing the following day
(: your video is almost done(: please watch it! it took my a while to do this!(;
I'll DM you if I need an insultation.
hopefully it will work out. I really miss the way it was, u kicked back on ur stool. U & Mr. Leno conversing & ur ball caps.
Dear Radio Station, I missed it. I've been waiting since 8 and I freaking missed it. PLAY IT AGAIN. Love, Mahomies who missed it.
Tasty News: Amazing burger recipes in June issue of SD/Home Garden
RT - In the wake of Saturday night's 34-10 win by Detroit over New England, I'm left wondering if the window is closi...
Bipolarity- it's the price of liking to read news and facts.
#Economy Watch: Profits are decelerating, employment is accelerating. Profits = leading indicator, employment = lagging.
Knowing the Self is different from knowing anything else.
Yeah Buddy... Keep it up
went for a run when i got home today since I skipped gym. yeah.
Don't look like I messed much on here!! 😒
So what if i want a glass of wine at 11pm dont judge me!!! lol
"Soul" is so rooted in Black identity
I'll be a freshman a week from now :))
Looking for a place in Sac with my gurl. It kinda sucks but hey its gunna be well worth it. Looking for that downtown night life.
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY ! STOP BY LUCYWATCHES TODAY FROM 5-630PM FOR YOUR FREE ROSE, THANKS MOM
You still make me smile. even if you are the main reason why i’m so sad #TSS haha
Yes!!! 5 free donuts left!!!! #letsmeetthewife :)
#WhatAYear Alot of Ups and Downs.A lot of Losses and gain Lets see what 2012 has in store for me.
haha you think ? It was toasty out there!
I don't be up long enough to see it . I'm mad it's only 15 minutes though
I cant sleep
Did you wager on the Chicago Binkhawks today? Also, the Nuck-nucks have gone from 4-1 to 9-1 to win cup. What will odds be tomorrow?
RT - Daviid Garrard was released yesterday, Jacksonville Jaguars loss, they deserve what they get.
#NowDrinking: Batch 19, a Wisconsin smooth lager. Damn good beer
wonderful! You?
The prettiest girls are the happiest girls :]
I miss you
oh my O.o
Rise early, work hard, strike oil
Looking forward to profiling in magazine soon. chatted about prop. 8 win @ #CaDem2012 #CTA reception
Shitty best day ever
I just want someone that will watch classic Disney movies with me all day :(
these arya/tywin and ygritte/jon snow scenes are everything 2 me
god . we need to start hanging out like you live so close to mee! and yu act like i got coodies or something lol
Yeah maybe next year. I will be working Friday and Saturday so I cant go either.
Maine trip booked!!
In art with damn fool.....
Well Clippers Pissed Me Off Cp3 Had a Bad Game
naw I'm not
I honestly look at ppls tweets b4 I decide to #followback to see if I want their fuckery on my TL *shrugs*
“We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly
Dang. I wish my back was as black as my neck is.
Too many hoes at homestead
just heard is leaving , very sad news, all the good talent is leaving G4 must be a reason.
I'm guessing the chances of all 5000 of us fitting into one bar are pretty slim?
“: since I am now essentially homeless do u think u can help me decorate my new room. It has lavendar walls
#thankavet RT : If you are an employer out there......hire US veterans coming home. Give back to those who sacrificed for us.
1st mtg w/new tutee tonight - a medical student from Brazil, doing research in Boston. He's awesome! LOVE tutoring!
I bust my ass for feet like this!
Yep. Question: Are the liquor/beer stores open in Wisconsin on Sunday?
#3WordCommencementSpeeches "ron paul... ron paul; ron paul." ("ron paul" counting as one word)
Trust is like glass; Once its broken, it will never be the same again...
Too true, they do. For me as well!
I'm a conservative but Ann Coulter gets on my nerves,
I'm quite secular but my boy probably knows u! Plus we're #1 in Houston Sundays w/ our Gospel Sunday!!
i heard a voice in my room the other night :\....i think it was my best friend..and he's not alive...
The time has come for "Name that Album". Post, email or telepathically submit your ideas for my next album name now! Difficulty: Bears +...
clearly you are aiming low.
"I tried stripping but all the coins hitting me hurt too much" Phil at rehearsal.
beautiful eyes there mrs independent:) i love it! have a good day!
Sales rocks.
With the rain in OKC, we see now the dewpoint at 55 degrees & temperature of 59 that will make drying out a chip impossible.
Vince Neil is a ghost hunter. New dream: hang out with Vince Neil and Meatloaf in
ooh, points me in a direction? :)
checking! be right back.
haha aint that the truth! They're crazy if they think its going to have any sort of impact...
The most depressing song just came on..."no air"-jordin sparks and chris brown...think imma die this song this the waterworks going..
haha I know I know.
just hang'n with family right now (: we get together Sundays
i need europe. bad.
It's a Blueprint morning for me.
Most commercial search engines provide a mechanism to determine the number of backlinks they have recorded to a particular web page
i just wanted to take them to tell you that ur my favorite ;) <3
Made it through #FreeComicBookDay spending less than $80!
it's gonna b great I'm sure Melissa is a natural, and I also cant wait for new show either!!!
Magnolia on Congress but Denny's off Oltorf is good if you want to see some freakazoids.
Gettin and iphone 4s for christmas(: #yaabuddyy love u mom and dad
Congratulations on the new gig! An exciting next chapter.
If the Twins played like this every 3 games or so, they'll be straight.
“ When & get together my TL gets fuckn hilarious!!!!”they r snuck me man smh
Thanks! Filene's Basement before it closed. Miss that place. RT : awesome tie you are rocking this morning!
Except when I take the seats out of the van and let everyone fly around when I slam on the brakes!
I've found myself pulling for Djokovic. I think this match is going the distance!
With imagination and thought, a perfect gift for Valentine's Day can easily be found at a little cost
- Hi there! Thank you for following! Plz follow the real actress: & her tvshow: -Also on Facebook!
GOOD LUCK KIDRAUHL
Late breakfast with a cool friend.
RFT“: Long nights with no one to talk too <”
Yes! Got into all my classes!
LMAO! I didn't think that sounded right.
Hey Buzz, in my home, I'm the butler!
my face arms and feet are dark.. But my kegs are so white
thx for following edu_marketing! This acct is curated by Digital Pulp. a leading digital agency in the .edu category.
congrats and safe travels! You'll have an amazing time.
Rockin' after midnight new Wed Metal night. Hooray
#ThoughtsDuringSchool Why can't Mr. Mattingly teach juniors...and then next year seniors??
follow me back.
Welcome back to twitter ! Yeah me! #Winning! Welcome to twitter ! Hit me up dude, let's chat!
Accidentally retweeted instead of replied to this, but it's definitely "Beggin'" esp when performed by
En route to NOLA w/ & early!
your welcome :-)
rite here aha;p
Watching Japan Tv and trying to understand the damage
8 am Thursday. Leave Tuesday at 5. I'll be staying at the Mirage next door.
what's up , thanks for the follow. Know any Boston drummers looking for a band?
Leaving Austin and eating my last burger for a while...clearly won't be having any in California.
Favre threw 2 no-lookers against Baltimore. Both were completions.
love the picture!
REACHING THE STATUS QUE FOR SUCESS IS THE CHALLENGE OF YOUR LIFE AMBITION, DON'T GIVE UP
Hi. Fuck me.
LOL! He's the guy/girl who beat me last week, and took 2nd this week. Not on twitter, and won't answer when I ask at the table.
chillin at my gma house for the day
out in god's country
Thinks he's in over his head.I have 3 1/2 months to fix a problems 10 years in the making! Anyone know how you eat an elephant?
its in keller. Its cheaper payment than my apartment. its the bachelor pad. i have a buddy whose living with me
#primaryschoolmemories where I meet the love of my life....who I don't end up with lmao
Happy New Year!!!
crazy shit happens to me every day
can feel that my eyes are getting abit swollen alrd. :( It's okay. I'll sleep like a pig tomorrow. ^^
": kevin garnett>": Tito Ortiz RT : Who is the biggest A-Hole in sports??????""
Literally on the worst conference call ever...
Who pays the bills for the new non-profit news gatherers? New Pressroom Buzz.
hey duuuuc do you know bruce's email address?
Just watched video - Chubbs is precious! Thanks for sharing.
Unless you're name is Clint Hurdle, Neil Huntington, or Frank Coonelly.
Happy Mother's Day and Happy 70th Birthday to my Amazing Mom!
I swear I would love to come home from and have someone rub my feet...
I didn't get a chance to taste the koolaid...
I have been totally slacking on my twitter! & left in the dark cause I'm missing all the good news ( my punishment)
Stoked I walked by tennis great Roger Federer on my walk this morning.
can you please follow me?? I LOVE U!!! <3
"The " is my favorite part of tonight.
umm i guess you can be like my best friend and i got an idea on what i want for the story !! So yeah do you want that part ??
RB, he will be 18 on monday.
thanks for tweeting about our Merk deal!!
Another law suit to fight.
BREAKING NEWS: Johnny Jolly released from prison.
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt.
Lmmfao dumb girlfriend on maury I love when the b.m right and leave the g.f lookin stupid!.
You tellin' me nobody on "Mad Men" needs a good decapitatin'?
Next up is the Beef Brisket, Once that is done I have a couple deliveries to make! Sure smells good!
everything happens for a reason but they all blessings if u stressed then pick ur head up
Meh, I still wear white after Labor Day, just to piss people off.
Thanks and Hit and Miss Ice Cream for getting your apps in! Your spot is secured!
Okay, maybe not Christmas. Like finding out your project assignment in a favorite class? Maybe? I've always loved the planning.
Address of Plano Sports Authority 2 is 601 Seabrook. Don't use Google for directions/map; you will end up at PSA 1. Please RT!
My pleasure... that was a great post. :) RT : thanks for RT
come over anyway silly. Lots of shenanigans to be had.
That's a great thing! Nice to see you here. I hope you are returning to normal.
Just found out ill be reppin Vera Wang in my best friends wedding this summer. Swag two button
I wanna go home instead of movie night ( .__.)
Well, maybe me and this girl can both be the break in other's string of bad luck.
hotels, lounges, salons, real estate, rehab homes, have many future opportunities if your interested investing!
By the way - we've been doing karaoke every Wednesday night at the Surly Goat. Join us any time for a good time.
Referring to the story, I just hope that no disciplinary action is taken against these employees.
I'm slightly concerned about possibility of quarantine w/ swine flu checks at every border xing. Officials don't like feverish Americans.
I don't need drugs, I play video games.
Pizza days are great.
RT : #ptondh is the new hashtag for digital humanities at Princeton. Brainstorming today.
Thank you!!
Got marbles? Certain people here seem to be short a few ;0
green bays schedule is way too easy, I really hope lions, bears, giants, n sf bring it (which they will)...coming from a pack fan
follow me back if you do i'll give you a special shout out just for you
it is too!
The Smilers RULES, you know! ;)
Dex: Y G O L O H C Y S P : Now thats what I call reverse psychology. Me: HAHAHAHA
Caitlin. Think you can bring me a bunch of double-cupped coffees for the graduation rehearsal on Friday? I'm planning ahead.
Keep me in mind, somewhere down this road you might get lonely : )
I can relate to that. I think they need to revised periodically with input from everyone.
well until they got jobs this would allow them to at least have health insurance
Right about now Deadpool is wondering how you got inside his Comic Book...
This is the best winter weather EVER!
I have a feeling I'm going to get really really wet today ;)
Loving the work we hope we can help and volunteer soon!
IT'S FINISHED!!! Now to stay awake through class...
Is there another color?
well I just want you home!
you totally CRACK me up! hey how about this...I am multi-tasking, checking out your fb statuses and tweets! amazing 4 a guy!
There was much eye H20 when the #nasadryden folks finished their day and received an ovation 3 hours after official events ended
Last Nites show was #EPIC Everything is going well with #RepeatMusic stay tuned!!! Shoutouts 2
#shoutout #JaySki be home soon.... HOT PRODUCER outta #RVA...send me a email so i can send u sum
Hey, did you have fun last night?
I stopped because I started getting more traffic and thus started connecting with more people on a personal level
Off to work piece
Ever notice how fast Windows runs? Neither did I.
Last night's 2-1 loss was the #SFGiants 14th game by that score, split evenly btwn wins & losses - most in #MLB for each.
bad mother.
See my twitter bio - real women wear hockey jerseys. Which is why you'll see me at the UC wearing one every time. Woot!
The White House Press Office sent out an email about moving the G-8 at 2:46 p.m.
lmao! It was alot of fun! Def going back!
Can't believe I'm missing out on the Times Square Thriller flash mob at 5 p.m. Everyone in the area - put your dancing shoes and glove on!
i was just on google and then this video of The Devil Inside was showing and itfreakin scared me. not gonna watch it im a chicken ;p
I was initially told the Fred Jackson deal was two-years worth $8 million plus incentives.
Sometimes there is a chili dog.
Late Gymflow with bro
paper is done! now only to study for the hardest italian exam and write a ton of tweets. blahh.
Chatting with audiology students online
Fuck yeah dude! That's what I'm talkin bout lol. Thanks!!
President Obama is speaking Live, to watch please visit www.tncnews.com click on CNN Live
Heineken ice cold/ feet up/ sunset like a light show/. I feel good. Hope yalll are good too i genuinely do:)))))
...I don't think that latte was decaf...crap.
A gas station is a place where you sometimes fill the car, but more often drain the kids.'
First PCB has been fabbed and is on its way!
I love thunder storms
Possibly co-hosting a NYC New Year's Eve party themed after Warhol's Silver Factory. Time to get the silver blazer and shoes going.
You know me so well! RT just sent you something you're going to like ... (hint it involves...#Yankees...& )
You should see it! It's awesome.
What was on the other towel. You are the funniest person I wish i knew personally. <3 ILY. Shout out to Evin!
Just a bad sports weekend all around at all levels...
At Runyon w/ don't call us, we won't answer for the next hour. Peace
:( my bf is crying again!
Good to see at Fenway's Annual CDC mtg. I wanted to ask your results of 2 years of food trucks. Ready for Fashion Trucks?!
Failing builds character, experience and is key to success. If you don't fail you're not growing. So be happy when you fail, you just grew!
My parents called me gay and Greek in the first 5 minutes I've been up.
Let's stop bullying now with #dshunt let's do it
great. Thanks a lot :)
I'll be a millionaire once I'm done making this device that lets you punch people in the face over the Internet
now First Aid Kit Tiny Desk Concert
Thx for thinking of us!
alright that last post is going to keep me way too hype.
im now following u
Where would you like to see growth in your #business?Use the answer, to determine what content to add to your #web & #social sites.
Heard you needed the help of an Angel? :)
Shout out to who is moving the weights and machines into her new gym today. She is a reminder that actions make dreams a reality.
well, that I do understand. My 'toy' was broken so bad in 2k9 that my husband could kill me by playing with it IgnoranceIsImmoral
Every Thursday is leftover soup nite! There is grilled tofu, potatoes, tomatoes, broccoli & mushroom broth in soup!
hoes dese days. Nasty, she gave me
OH: "Nothing beats a hangover like a snake on your face."
Man.. Up trying To make it to the shop... Why did make my appointment so Early
A sudden dejavu from the summer with the last speaker of the SRC speaking about Ackerman and Promise Academies.
A good friend will be there for you when he breaks up with you, a BEST friend will call him up whispering "7 days…"
you look 41
Aubrey's not a model. Lisa rejects the notion of being successful purely for looks. For obvious reasons.
oh rough day Becks! Can't wait for some East Coast fun in a couple weeks.
love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 follow please? 5
They hold a lot of events in Great Hall, but when nothing's going on, it's filled with a bunch of large oak benches.
Ears still ringing
Full & time to smoke :)
Heading to Orlando for #hcms12? Attend session, "Improving the Patient Experience Through Mobile" and learn more about iTriage
what should people be worried about?
i think i'd sell a kidney at this point.
When twitter tells you that you can't follow
#oomf make me smile
It's hard to believe that I couldn't see that you were always there beside me
Watching Fight Club with Mom and Brother Tony. I wanna be Tyler Durden.
When there's no Cap'n Crunch at home what do you do? Go to girlfriends appt. and eat hers. Hah
TONIGHT at 8! If you like modern #musicals with fun music and characters that make you laugh - you'll love our devilish show! 3234628460
Are you coming to the DC area?
where did your coach win his title? Has he won one since?
Just confirmed a beer dinner for Tuesday, May 8th with ! Stay tuned for more details..
Today's BTU inspiration: "Try to look at everything through the eyes of a child." ~Ruth Draper
Thanks for RT'ing the info from , I'm a big supporter of your work as well.
"Four steps to achievement: Plan purposefully. Prepare prayerfully. Proceed positively. Pursue persistently."
Celebrate endings...for they precede new beginnings. ~Jonathan Lockwood Huie
my band on my braces keeps falling out why,
We could use a boost today
4 humans trapped by Holden Hall! Zombies come help!!
let me know if you need a mix on that record. I wanna have fun too! I'm serious.
Everything is
New 16g nano! Eff yeah! I have to say I hate california's 9.75% sales tax though
Sneezing + rinsing with mouthwash = disaster.
Looking forward to seeing you!
Don't forget - tweet your Western photo using #MammothWesternNight for a chance to win tix to the 2/24 game!
So. Little. Time. Badabing. RT : So. Many. Sluts.
Here's to words that tell the truth when it's easier to lie. Here's to staring into the sun when you used to close your eyes.
What moments,ho
Absolutely! Wanted to tap you on the shoulder during break to chat. Looking forward to meeting!
great video!
I wish people weren't such asshole's all the time. But I guess without them, the world would be too stuck up and "perfect"
I take it there was a game tonight...
1st we're giving you the best night of your year. Then giving you a great chance to win an iPad2...
Is it your birthday?!!
well i guess im off for the nite bout to talk to him GNT
what's crackin fool
lol stood up til 3 30 and I haven't slept at all
I only had one teacher show ip today
#CAPS will come out on fire this period...I hope..
aw. So cute!
just send you an e-mail! sorry for the delay!
#FavoriteNBAMoments Michael's shot in '98
Off Their Rockers is a pretty hilarious show
#Swag something we asians got
so proud of her. Can't wait to watch.
I must admit, I'm finally done with most of the #Foolishness in my life!!!!
72 degrees outside today. woo!
Arterial Remodeling Technologies (“ART”) reports $2.9 million cash infusion to prepare its next-generation ...
Yes! The Homie Instigate and his girl are town! Gonna be a reunion!
goin ham on dis pad, need da egg n cheese..sittin so high up,my nose bleed..u gotta crawl before u walk..lets proceed
#nowplaying You Had Me At Hello - A Day To Remember. Probably one of my favorite songs ever.
As you never know when you might need this service, it's a useful one to bear in mind
Feeling a lazy day!
thats a bad ass movie. or should i just come over and bring my macbook?
Double OT feels like old school hockey no SOs allowed.
Recording guitars for the new song.
I hate paying bills. On the flip side, I have one less bill to pay this month thanks to some sort of Money Based God.
My friends suck...
Thanks for losing my baggage claim after losing my bag. Have to start over, after 3+ months. So frustrated.
Did Barkley really just say "Memphises"?
Sometimes it takes more talent to make less noise. Choose your frequencies wisely. #HandwrittenFortuneCookie #Damnit,NowHungry
Drop it low
I love NYC too.... yeah Erphun is cool as hell!
I don't want anything other...than a prison guard love
i can't stop listening to WTK's new album #SunshineStateOfMind (:
That moment when your cleaning because you have a cleaning OCD and you collapse...oh yea I'm sick :(
who's down for Phil's after? #pussy OnDemand
Thanks for the RT! Hope you don't get too much snow up your way tonight/tomorrow!
Alien or human, you are a "brand." | #Hasbro has gaming, story, and feature in the branding wheel house. How's 'your' branding going..?
Haha...I'm pretty sure our wonderful mother gave you the #cousinssubs gift card. But I certainly hope you enjoyed it!
Will take a look at this. Mostly using Sublime Text 2 now, but still a lot of vim at the CLI most days
The tournament buy-in will be $250, with an additional $50 for breakfast buffet prior to the Tournament, cocktails & silent auction follow.
that's for sure... Don't take his sloppy seconds invite for dinner either
::Treading Lightly::
We're heading over to in a few minutes--join us for happy hour, appetizers, and a great time with your FUEL friends
no problem :)
“: “: #WeLoveLilKim, I thought April Fools was the 1st.”” lmfaooooood !
Time to start working a new #script for Scriptapalooza! Early entry in January is only $40!
You & I know, no one really wants a player with a bad back.
As always, I left our meeting with tons of new ideas. Thanks again!
Also, let me not forget to touch that headline. Yech. "Are you Mom enough?" It's not a fucking competition, people! Raise your kid.
Don't forget, today at 2:00 come learn from 's about RSS feeds at Kyle Morrow.
it's the time difference and te world trying to keep us apart ;P I might open a fb for just my two lovelies though b/c
Excellent food & service at Central in Old Town.
My book has been officially assigned an isbn and submitted to Apple. Adding published author to my resume and starting my next book tonight!
Watching 'Beer Wars'... good stuff.
There's a lot of things I would miss to see my team play in the #Superbowl. But my childs birth? That's a little
It's going off at Tbar I'm givin away a Burton snowboard come get a drink after u
happy Saturday!
Photo Shoot Was Off The Chain! Legooo!
YOLO = You Obviously Lack Originality
Well, I'll be in Chi for graduation next week. Let's meet up!
Yeah the best part was this little "i read left to right" routine the kids had. Fully cute
thank you sweet heart. :)
i know we need summer so bad
soft cheese....with a spoon
#Badgers 17, #Illini 7 at second TV timeout. Illinois 2 for 9 from the field.
RT : What was once #OverheardInYbor is now confirmed. It’s official, we just had our first run in with the Ybor shoe licker.
Tanning! im so whitee
Watched Fabrice Muamba collapse during game. Wishing him and family best. Horrific scene, handled so well by
Three Stooges movie time. This is going to be therapeutic.
Ex: I love you! Me: "ERROR!" im sorry the person your trying to send a text to doesn't except lies.
RT : Athletic Republic is where athletes who give 110% get the extra 10%.
Oh, Craig James is on denying his wrongdoing... oh okay asshole.
Huh, on the one hand surprise Jensen where you least expect him! on the other, I wonder if he knows they're using his pic?
Very nice showing...
New rule: Web sites cannot put survey requests in front of visitors after only two page views. It's just bad form.
RT : Live your dream not your backup plan!
SHOUT OUT TO LILKIM AND MANY BLESSINGS, SO BEAUTIFUL
Thank you James Barham, for sharing research to date. Great convo starter!
Getting ready to talk to about all of the fun publicity/marketing we've been working on.
One other important thing is I don't hear any dynamic variation in your playing behind the soloist.
perfect. I'll bring the beer. See you next Sunday
Most of the time when people make fun of me when im out idc, but once in a while i feel like kickin some teeth
I try to come up with the best things to say to and for them to follow but it never works
Wish i lived near the beach. i need to soak in some rays, and relax; Florida Style. love the MidWest, but sometimes the Rain just kills me
what is wrong with people?! Toenail clipping should be done in private!
#NationalBestFriendDay to you and
going to mira loma to look at a house
Bob, when can we learn your tech predictions for 2011?
since we're on the subject.. Will you ever make a regular Cherokee again? I want a new Lucy. Other models aren't ideal for me.
can't believe I am already planning holiday schedule with family! not even halloween! but i will be prepared!
Walmart = fat people in track suit day! I need to start shopping at Target
Tinker bell is my world . .
I got that sushi I was talking about.Plus there's a sad part that just happened I was practicing my cheer kicks and I cut my toe!Boohoo
One more week until the epic with Avenged Sevenfold, Three Days Grace, and Seether!!!!! This will be a huge, gigantic show!
Well, Wolf's been bad all year, but yeah, I get that.
I havent trusted anyone since I got mugged
Happy Mothers Day!
Off for a run with let's do this buddy !
It's happy hour at Galactic Pizza, everyday 4-6 p.m. with $2 pints of beer and half price appetizers!
terracota warriors in times square til at least January. I'll review it in a few hours, in 140 characters or less!
Fox theater OE Online Club Presale Tickets buy now. Password is "INEVITABLE"
The world never promised to be fair, but it's done its level best to be sweet.
Former Prez G Bush in Dallas always, Secret Service too
You don't have iMessage?
#2012c19 notion of "color-blind racism" springs fully formed after end of Civil War and emancipation. CF Michael Stancliff's paper.
cheap memes? hmm. I believe that the word meme is now a tainted word. Tainted by a certain numerical chan type people…
how are the #chicagowolves liking post game?
please follow me I love your show so much your such a great actress and singer!!!
I think I need a bigger suitcase.
A Lot Of Y'all Niggaz On Twitter Ain't Doin Big Thangs!!In #RealLife Y'all Livin Check 2 Check!!
"Sorta" becuause your public twitter account will always be linked. It's public, after all.
I love these girls "Sophia Grace and Rosie" so adorable and funny can't wait to see them on ellen
Thanks for supporting us out there. That FUZE drink at the end of my 50 mile Ultramarathon hit the spot!
Bears on the clock, they will pick whoever the commish announces for me rather than what Twitter says.
Okay. There were way too many disturbing torture scenes in this week's Game of Thrones.
Jason Dufner eyes first win in New Orleans
Hi Kate! Glad to see ya on Kupoz!
Practice tomorrow after school...
If I see this on my TL it's a automatic unfollow -->
So proud that we're recognizing Harvey Gantt as the Citizen of the Carolinas this evening. Love him.
maybe friday.. idk :s
you got that !!'
Nonresident fathers see their children less often than residential fathers do- damaging the potential chance of a close relationship
Writing an article about my adaptable model for a game design program. Will I ever get to page 20?
And there’s no way I can pay you back, But my plan is to show you that I understand. You are appreciated. Happy Mother's day Kim Greenan! <3
you are awesome! thank you for the follow request to your network. Much appreciated
definitely brotha! We're getting famous this summer
ha :) I was interviewed by KIRO7, asking if I felt less safe now... I don't. You?
Been moping around and slacking off alot less now that my Boss is a Hot Woman..Seems I do alot more sneaking around and jacking off instead!
::::Nobody can replace Me simple as that#Not Cocky at all:-)
": that was a heat joke you fools... no one cares about hockey.." what sport does heat play?
yea Lucas is a beast!
Ready for that open bar?
The bigger the hair the closer to Jesus.
I want to buy a helicopter.
I'll be working at the Bay View and Whitefish Bay stores this week... fun days ahead!
got a job out of Nai or what's up with that status
Ya damn skippy!
Have any of you done Eloqua's training? Recommend it?
Congrats! That is great news for all.
You google it you're the one sitting at home lol
Selena gomez on the cover of cosmopolitan...really?
The Mansion 8110 Springdale = Probate After Party
Beach al day ;)
Super excited to see at vs kings on March 24th
Applied for a copywriting job at WasabiRabbit. No one understand how badly I want this.
I love youu ! Your like my twin,... always smiling !
At Virginia now! Hitting NYC today!
.: but there are plenty of members in Cong who are paying attention. #innact Need to move in Cong., courts, and in activism.
That's right. One little mistake & boom, Season over RT : Have to say... OT hockey in Game 7. Man... Crazy.
bitches need to know when to
Wow! Just had a convo w/ a customer who was a scientist and got banned by the U.S. gov from working w/ computers bc of 'bad' things he did.
haha you know I'm looking for all the gorgeous plastic surgeons !
you guys sponsored the gourmet footwear event at Abott Kinney, right?
Trying out the new Twitter for Blackberry app.
Let Christ be Lord of ALL or Lord not at all. He is LORD and SAVIOR.
thanks- your couch and coffee table survived the move! (and your damn pink Cadillac and scary shock game)
If I see the hoodied cick in booty shorts. I wont notice the ugly boots ! Belive that ! :)
Twas an excellent day of shooting. Now off to see #50/50
For tickets? Sorry, don't understand that. My Jenkins jobs refresh SVN, restart servers, and initiate MXUnit tests
is a disgusting person omg.. I hope you know that you are awful and are just trying to get attention but seriously leave Naya alone
hehe. Impossible, possible, so close. :) glad I could help. And finally see the project too!
Embracing Christ as Lord in the areas U never wanted touch produces humility and brings God glory, creates unity of the faith!
THANK GOD FOR THE DAY TODAY!! ANOTHER GREAT DAY TO GIVE HIM GLORY.
Saw his Mommy just the other day
I'm so excited to see Jimmy Kimmel next week in LA! :-)
thanks to all our new followers! get ready for awesomeness...the IWITOT site launch is so close!!
But if you are on the beach this weekend, the chances are pretty good that you'll be getting married. so....
John Travolta says "Hollywood is run by a bunch of gay jewish men looking to f--k people". Who's his speechwriter, Mel Gibson?
RT : I have one particular talent which is knowing One Direction more than I know myself.
nice shoes, sir.
oh well you dont download it, you just click select file then choose the pic u want
Fantastic group of gorgeous men & women showed up for our #taxes & money management workshop.
Come watch the final game of the year! Butler and U Conn! 6pm. Drink and food specials all night
If you see someone leaving a church, jaywalking, should you say something? Or let them choose what is right or wrong.
Brazil officially abolished slavery today in 1888 with the Lei Áurea (Golden Law) signed by Isabel, Princess Imperial
you can get by without coasters.
Getting started is half the battle when it comes to mass producing a product. Having a great idea is one thing, but having the money to...
#notetofemales in the words of 2pac "Keep ur head up, legs closed, eyes open"!!
hey we have the same birthday wanna hang out?
that's funny!
RT : The Bahamas are great, but only a passing fancy in the face of my epic love for Houston.
Need a nap asap. Bout to sleep like a hungover baby.
organizing, planning, and moving forward!
love it!!! Such great music in that!!! Ah memories of London:)
Lovely to see Jeff again.
STILL SNEERING.
omg hahah run in with Pat Sharp #classic that's so funny
Made livebinder for students to use, grt blended learning opp. Found a way to solve completion issues? Tchr:student dialogue valueable
SO to for telling Osi what's up. Ask him what it's like to be the third best pass rusher on his team..
Putting together an 8 page study guide and flash cards in 3.5 hrs and not retaining any of this information
I see what you're doing there. :3
That sounds like quite a blend!!!! :)
you made our blog post. Goes live tomorrow.
I'm in Raleigh
okay, maybe.
yea you must have bought our cool color changing shirt! Cool huh?!
Good morning every one<3
Chinese for the day: 背部 [bèibù] the back of the body
She Just Wanna Fuck Me & Take My Money 😄😏
Okay, I have a new favorite wine... all the way from Ukraine #:-)
hello Wes. We are still waiting on you to email us your tunes!
Q: What should we do to teach students about negotiation and reconciliation?
#nowfollowing .....cool ass guy wit dope ass sneaker vids
anytime :D
37 downloads you shouldn't miss this week
Cali has been awesome but we are starting our long journey home tomorrow !
didn't get your text!
I need a drink!
Wants M&Ms really bad!
Thanks!! We enjoyed speaking with you about "choices". BE CHOOSEY!!
It's alright.
no if, you will. you kno ur shit + study youre going to pass. Youre good. Great things happen 2great ppl bro!
aw we gone miss u bo!!!
it sounds like Jesus and a unicorn having sex!
that means I had have to go over her house! ha! she already has a faucet that will evennttttually go in. Love her.
I want something else, to get me through this semi charmed kinda life
Nonalcoholic baileys coffee drinker? Wtf is the point?
Looking forward to football season! It's going to be a good year.
Laughter and prayer cures all that may ail us! Hope you're doing well!!
Thank you for participating in our Twitter chat last week! Please DM us your address. We would like to send you a prize! :-)
SPHERE edits. Good ones!
When people say art museums are boring god kills a kitten. Stop.
We'd be pretty damn cute together ;)
LMAO! Shut Up! :D
I packed a specific lunch for my 5 y.o. because he hopes it will make him seem cooler in the eyes of a certain girl. #AmIaHeroOrVillian?
tomorrows monday D: ugh. whos on spring break, though!? ;D
Everybody who thinks Usher is killing it on #SNL has likely auditioned for American Idol and been surprised by a dress down from Simon Cowel
Time for band practice!
Workflow talk--messy presentation for a messy topic. Not blaming speaker, but it's depressing trying 2 get a handle on it.
cuase it fell like it, when i saw u goign to the store u look like u hate me
yeah you're older but I'm still gonna be a douche about it hahah
herve mons le chartreux is the milk chocolate of cheese.
photos?? Common!
duh-am, i be full.
#ghettohalloweentreats RT Trick-or-treat, bathroom! Yay, Q-tips!
I Slept in until noon....
The secret to social media is consistency. There is no set frequency,but post consistently about consistent themes, and you will be alright.
it is thanks finally making the full time plung and moving out there permanantley so just looking for that next acting job :)
Lmaoooo!! I haven't promised ANYTHING!!! And WAIT!! YOU was tryna get me to smash one of your friends!
So that I can fail to structure it as a reply and confuse people who follow me and not you...
I knew I shouldn't have fallen asleep at 7:30pm. Jeez,
he'll be good! rt Beverly I think it is awesome. Wondered if that was the case as he has kinda dropped off the grid
save the laces 4 last. they put up a good fight while yer shaking the life outta the shoe.
Ahh yes I may be headed that same direction :) where in Cali?
LOL RT“: We are taking up a collection for that corner flag that got murdered at the NYRB game today. #rip”
Thanks! We're happy to have him.
Thanks for the follow! Hope you can share my tweets and great news on being apart of the Academy Awards this year! #Thevallie ;)
HAHA! woohoo! You are a close runner up though. LOL
#palamino Lovely design. Nice use of staggered columns and images. Scholarly, classic look. Readability of wider blocks?
i realize that i have been off twitter for a long time
TONIGHT!! on the Emcee Eternia goes on the record about her latest project "At Last" and why women are needed in hip-hop
Marshall and Cutler will be reunited. The smug douchy QB and his eccentric screw-loose WR together again.
Excited to be attending the Gala tonight honoring my friend and Co-Chairman, David Roth & Staci Grodin
Whatever, it is what it is.
looks like a fast track tonight! There on it!!
Everywhere! School, malls, home, etc.!
I'm going to the club soon :p
You are quite an exceptional person & already make the world a more exciting place to live :) HUGS!
Thanks guys, I wish I could have been there.
Happy birthday to one of my best friends !!
RT Only 132 days till the madness begins. #welcomebackcollegebball Yes!!!!!!
At a hookah lounge having a good time!
it's a suitable occupation for you! Only if you wear the plaid though.
totes gonna stalk you when you get to austin
I'm well thanks. I took a little time off to recharge the battery. How are you?
Celebrate by sharing a recipe and its story with your next door neighbor. Break bread together during Arts & Humanities Month!
Nothing is forever, but we'll be alright <3
Meow RT : my inner ear must be menstruating because it is SO SENSITIVE [to pressure changes] right meow.
I miss u to!
Where can I find excellent #movie #torrents?
are you going to be at the Grog Shop tonight? I want to punch some bros in a mosh pit with you.
doubt it. I dunno if we're still able to play.
sorry i didnt see your reply, yess haha my books going to be featured at the Academy awards!
Hey , where are your shoes?
Announcing our 2011 LOTION PROMOTION! Stop in today, mention this ad, and ask a sales associate for details on HUGE savings on our lotions!
hey hey , rolnicze disco .
It's 6am. Do u know where your brain is?
I think so.
i already knw this is nthn but thoughts lol...from tripple d to da boot
+1 RT : "If you have one foot in the past and one foot in the future, you're pissing all over today"
#thatcamp Bay Area day 2 -- coffee time!
Woke up to find the macbook in a pool of vegetable oil - still works!
Celebrating Mother's Day tonight with dinner at Adelle's.
I need my fuckin phone smh
Wtf is the mustard???
And more lol :) is gnarly “: I want to one million followers”
I rlly hate running
Shout Out my new Shadiva... Thanks U Lord!!!
Awesome. Send a link to your account. Would love to follow?
Tired head hurts throat hurts ... I hate strep
Working from home. Nothing beats writing in pajamas. Plus my Vday bouquet is still gorgeous. Good job, bf.
Does anyone want to help me cause some Mayhem on Hollywood Blvd tonight?
yeah I lived in small-town Michigan w/ no jobs. There weren't a lot of options. I don't regret my school debt.
and that is?
RT : The discovery of Troy's charred remains rattles nerves... Police are led astray for 6 years. #NightmareNextDoor at 9E/P
lucky u!! My boyfriend is sleeping next to me so don't wanna turn the tv on and wake him up lol 
Major kudos to you! An OU Sooner watching UT Football. Go Big 12!
omg i forgot about our plans today sorry!
Terasol Wants Its Mini Eiffel Tower Back
So many missed opportunities for Chelsea. Can the Blues hang on in the last few minutes?
Trivia Night at Caffrey's! $3 Big Ass Beers, $3 Long Islands, and $3 Bacardi Mixers!
In the event of a drive-by, it will stop most bullets. Thanks for picking up all the books!
Another Thing That Gets Me Is When A Teacher Enforces The Rules.Theres Always That Kid Who Question It.Like You Signed The Rules&Regulations
Dehydration is terrible for the body! Most sports drinks contain dissolved minerals, carbs, and prevent cramps better than water.
Last day to sign up for Wisc no call list
Tonight's (9/12/11) COUN 5560 Human Sexuality class has been cancelled due to a lack of water in the building.
If you one of my dimes follow my our dimes
Today I need my own under eye cerium! The Mom taxi was on the freeway for 2 hours taking kids to school & work. Now 5 hours of work+Cleaning
Happy Mothers Day !! Sorry so belatedly...hope it was wonderful!! xo
me! Rena4ever97 add me :)
Joshua mash up di place! Winner hands down. There is no competition mi bredren! The Best!
It turns out that Realtor(R) is not a real word but is a word actually made up by some Realtor(R) or group of Realtor(R)s.
I like the #!
UBIQUITY IN THE HOUSE AT DEEP TONIGHT SEE YOU IN THE LOUNGE...
My little sister keeps saying Sheeran like Sheerman. LOL. I'd like "I DONT KNOW WHO ED SHEERMAN IS"
nycfurby its not macros, i literally cant let lp+lk be throw, or mp+mk be focus. it wont let me set 2 buttons to it. it wants just 1.
Yeah their both Hell Gate actaully
For real though, Malaki on BGT is the cutest thing.
RT : Old joke. Woman to baseball player: "I just loove athletes." Player: "Maam, I'm no athlete, I'm a ballplayer,"
And see, even the middle of this movie has its own act breaks. There's enough here for at least 6 dumber action movies.
I'm glad you are good. Damn these rumours
Help me make the top 10 so I can Take The Stage!
Santa's coming... Did you hear that....He is an angry elf....All quotes you will hear between now and next year..boo yah!
RT Jim Tressel texted , wishing Urban Meyer well and asked him to take care of his players and coaches.
swagg i hve like all of her videos
Beautiful day !!! Come out and eat the best sandwich in town !!!!!
oh of course not, obviously its natalie
In 3hours my suffering will begin. #shoulda been sleep hrs ago
The Baylien is releasin that new joint next week... Check him out www.erase-e.com!!!
RT : Give kids the chance to play youth football this summer and check out the new John Hawks Pub on July 12 -...
will you hurry up already lol
Adjust the approach and adjust the results.
So that's why traffic is so screwed up. Had no clew VP Biden was down the road from my house? What the heck is he doing here!?
Awesome! RT : Wow! Had an amazing dinner at Great scene, great food, great time Will definitely be back.
we where responding to the brewstone picture!
'Cuse on the ropes
UGGH!! I just got sad again. :(
RT : I have lost the will to anagram the word “live.”
#Stanford up to 14 turnovers, they average 13+ on the season. Still 11 to play but #UMass offense is ice cold now. 44-41 Stanford 10:45
Snow is tapering off in the city. How is your street? Let me know via Pittsburgh's 311 line. Anyone going to ?
Thanks so much for the review!
Yo grandma got monster truck tires on her wheel chair
Got a smartphone yesterday. Tweeting just got so much easier!
Shroomies or Acid is the question
S/o to for scoring in his soccer game!!!
are you listening to on the radio?
I salute the MIXTAPE.. hard work paying off for ya can't wait till I get my studio flow..
I did transfer, testimonial, and I'm finishing up on bandwagon.
I love how has more followers than ,yet sees my tweets & replies to them, unlike Mau.Ricardo, this is why I love u
love u 1st :)
that last one she was sidestepping and diggins slid... Charges are out of control in both wbb and mbb imo
I can't wait till the day I can actually do things with Cicily. Won't be long though!
Always!! Might just be a drive down and instantly come right back!?
Happy Friday! After a night of partying, don't forget to brush your teeth :) www.kravitzdental.com
This train is slow as fuck
What the word of the day?
I am way ahead of you getting her fired!
Tim, you're such an inspiration! Thank you for being so awesome(:
I am a Goat lol
stop being selfish ;)
"You can't defend a city with no army," Carmen Trutanich says of city attorney's budget.
thanks for your kind words
let's get in the gloves today after the interview. :)
thanks can u follow. my group page
Why don't we hear , , on Sirius XM except maybe late Sat nite? Workdays need to rock, 2! Armor Up!
Amazing news... back in #Pittsburgh this summer, and a bunch of other shows close to home!!!
Warrant had already been issued for Zimmerman per
Cause its gotta be you, only you.
Noelle Withington! You are a ROCKSTAR!!!! We're honored to count you among our friends and supporters!!!!
#askSarah What's it like being with Alex? Y'all are too cute. :')
Yes, please.
That's the beauty of music! I just saw him in SF and he/it was *AMAZING*.
Heard some incredible music tonight! Cant wait to hear Donny McCaslin's group again in Columbus tomorrow
Exciting news! We've been invited to be a member of the Oklahoma City Cybersecurity Association!
cause everybody pissing me off w/ it
yeah, only 30 hours to go to reach a deal. C'mon NFL... don't do this now... when KC is looking so strong!!!
did u still want to jump in on Bertie Co NC? We moved past the Ed/Med Financials discussion pretty fast ..
can we get a gif of that Z-bo intense clapping?
Yosemite survival kit: Beer, beer jerky, nuts and clif bars.
Until then, I ain't even speaking your name. Just keep my name out of your mouth and we can keep it the same
that would be riveting.
did u see we are in talks to trade raymond to lakers for guess who steve blake lol he better for then raymond at least : )
Is that ice?
You don't have to like me. I'm not some facebook status
haha am i getting annoying ???
The $1 Million Facebook Experiment supports local an national charites. Members are asked to donate $1 per month. Join now. We need you!
Love, Laugh
What is your favourite song to perform on stage ?
In a meeting re: ebook philosophy in libraries. What do my library tweeps link about the philsophy behind adding ebooks to collections?
stupid so it got canceled. And I'm sure you've heard of the office. There's 7 seasons you can stream. (same w/ the other show)
Hurray, Hurray...It's the 1st of May..,AM work-outs start today!
Keep it up Butler. Duke's gonna start missing those 3's
You might speak good enough English to move to Britain. I know quite a few professional Greeks now living in London
yea i like what i see tonight. Even though its only one game. I hope they can play like this everynight.
I do it for the RATCHEDS!!!!
But they were talking about when they had their period and had sex. And they went into detail. I was extremely disgusted.
I love getting dressed up:)
When you align consciously to your place within the Universal Grid you will experience a new level of intuition.
ion even know y'all
Double-secret probation for all gay tar heels!
Do my assignment for me? Explain the ALA’s position on Wikileaks or SOPA/PIPA and whether it's in accord with ALA’s professional ethics. Z
Why am I so angry though
when matt doesn't want you to get higlhights in your because he likes it the way it is>>>>> sorry baby!
ddnt mak it to the World Hip Hop Dance Championship Finals :'( watever im still supporting u! I will forever support and love u!!
its fucking ridiculous.
I would think if they end up at #2 they take that LT from USC...that dude is a beast
wow. it all went downhill so quickly.
unless its with waffles that shits sour
#FindSomeoneWho dosen't play games and is always talkitive and smells like flowers.
thx for noticing, ... we thought it was important.
Thx and What a night! And the 9 foot grand piano never hurts:) blessings
Sagging with sweatpants on in the mall, that's Wassupppppp
You can check me at out on YouTube.com!
SYCAMORE PRIDE!
just finalized holiday plans. Chicago -> Paris (7 days) -> Krakow (10 days) -> Chicago. Love having international friends and relatives!
we love you with 21 millions followers we alwys love you
happy #TroyTuesday (: #missandloveyou bunches! Hope u remember me :p <3
RT LOVE that is wearing the National Foster Care Month ribbon on his guitar strap!!! #NFCM #fostercare”
Oh Brownback. You are all the very worst things about Kansas, rolled up in a smug ball that wants to get up in my business.
It only works if you run a string through the roof of your mouth and out your nose while you do it, then make Osage Diamonds after
yes, informational interviews can open doors. Esp if followed up with a nice note & keeping in touch on LinkedIn/Twitter
Your so hipster it hurts
no your mom jokes today since susan's mom is in the house
Promo code " Stay15 " .
People ask me, "R. L. What makes what you have to say different from the rest?" Well, I have the credentials, the potential, & the influence
whats it called?
Ugh, no! No no no no no! Damn you Tuesday! *shakes fist violently*
no worries Michael, Monsanto will come up with another highly toxic, carcinogenic solution like Roundup 4 that problem :(
brah yo avi/mix-tape cover hard as fuck..... Whoever did that went the fuck off
Doing some serious work for film and photography crew in Tampa Bay http:/
2-days and 6-gallons of paint later the studio is looking awesome! Still have the ceiling to go. Pix coming soon…
However,if u clumsily come across my path on the street, I might have the urge to step on my gas pedal. Just sayin'.
lol You know it!
RT " is my savior after Old Port shenanagins #PortlandGirlProbs" thankfully it's in walking distance from our house.
I thought you could use a little inspiration :)
will do. Any style imparticular?
Join us after the 3pm of #IAmMontana today for a talk with Prof. David Merriman on the effects of urban Walmarts on the #Chicago community.
Open to 25x, so I flat obv and he shoves 60x on the k92 flop and I snap
We interface now and then, but are not actively working together. We should be though!
I'm so excited for saturday's #Rivoli cleanup that I'm already up!!
Listen Live to Chris Farina Live on WINA talking about his film "World Peace and Other 4th Grade Achievements"
Video chatting with my brother . It's his birthday !
Whatever you do to ring in the New Year, be safe. Wishing you health, success & happiness in 2011!!
me you tay?
everybody getting JUICED UP, tell yal friends Meech Dogg said lets gett TOWW uP. Whenever yal pop or crack a bottle yal getting JUICED UP...
yea fo sho! Once my twitter starts wring again I'll follow u, my bad homie
Yeah def. sounds good
Thanks for the RT on our Career Fair! It's a great opportunity for #ROC biz to find local talent for open #jobs!
I don't need to speak Dutch to understand your angry birds tweet!!
and a good morning to you both. I hope the sun is shining where you are!
Reading -____- I hate school
ask him to join. seems like a cool guy
hey you how have you been??have not seen you here in awhile?? :)
how do you think our #bcfootball recruiting class will look next year? Its only going to get worse.
hahaha yess omg imma die when it gets hot out and she has to wear tank tops
RT : A new report has found that the incarceration of juvenile offenders has failed to stem or reduce youth crime |...
I'm kind of the tweet mistress for the group. Saw your tweet and thought I'd listen.
#Fleury has given up eight goals in his last two periods. Bylsma is entering Patrick Roy territory.
IT WAS FUN! THANKS!!
is about to make a buffalo chicken breast sammich! Oh yeah!
I am never making it to work. Ugh.
Basically he'd need to get an investment group. Or, when he sells the team, he could promise to use the money to build an arena.
Oh, how true..
Up and about today, working on a design for promotion for work, but will take a break around 3:00 to go play a softball game in Gahanna.
“: #ImHopingThat every weekend will be as good as this one” so true.
God morning! Three cups deep and feeling fine. Thanks Vigilante Coffee. :)
Hello, world! Almost made it through a year of the without Twitter, but with the upcoming Prism launch, I couldn't resist.
ipod classic 160GB for sale. 125 let me know!
East Texas has a special place in my heart...and my stomach. Having a brilliant time so far catching up with family in Lufkin.
Yeah...I'm discovering that. Nat Geo's photography (of people) has issues too, but wildlife photos are gorgeous.
Many musical thanks for following to , , Keep that music coming!
: I'm there in spirit! Have a mimosa for me and have a great time! Xoxo
loves u guys too!
In #AthensGa, 500 children are on a waiting list for a #mentor.Help make their #wish and mine come true. Be a mentor. #Mentoring works.
Too noisy.
I can't stop laughing. HAHAHAHAHA
you said you suck the cock
i'm ready for forever. 'till death do us part? 
Four nominees down and one to go. Who do you think it will be? Who is the frontrunner so far for #POTY1862?
they are ugly . and ewwww ! thats why you wear so much perfume .
Liquor in the house for the first time since August 2006. Should be a very interesting weekend.
Hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey tonight ur so hotning wit ur smile VINNY ur braces make u luk sohot I love u 2night REMIX oF HEY soulsister
RT : Traditional marriage, i.e., married 4 times and some side-trips for child sex in the Dominican, is under attack.
We are forever researching better techniques and products that provide quality results for a lower cost to our customer.
My Marshall blew up. Went to get it fixed. Saw an oscilloscope. Hadn't seen one in years. Different world today.
Merry Christmas everyone!!
Sandler is making GrownUps 2. Should start a petition protesting any airline that shows this.
I just dont wanna sit there till 9:30 doing nothing because I would rather be doing that at homee
I saw mostly goshtly last night and was just I think 9yr old there and now she's 13. Time flys by so fast
excellent, feel inclined to share!
it's Monday- Superbowl Parties enjoyed- You'll need lunch today- Come on in! Our 5.99 Special today is a Strip Steak!!!!
can you provide an example of how he has proved his competence?
good luck! Let's see some gluten-free cooking!
Cats or Cards?
Thx Garrett, I sent you a FB email. I hope you will check out the book. Its awesome! \m/!
She'll never leave me alone and I swear I met shorty nearly 40 minutes ago.
I'll bbl gotta go do something on some other accounts :)
58min till show time so excited everything is done early and we are all on time loving staff and outside crew. Amazing!
yea they just assume teen mom on MTV is too blame
#youknowyouraskellwhen you try to pay for a hooker with ur ipad
lol...i have no imagination to come up with a better one!
600th tweet goes to, of course, us. and !
What was your favorite Super Bowl commercial?
Good morning! I'm feeling great today. I get to see my sweetie later. I still don't know what I'm making for dinner, though.
In a good mood:)
Bangin' Flux Pavilion's essential mix.
Damien Hirst: Painting is so poetic,while sculpture is more logical and scientific and makes you worry about gravity :www.itsartnotstuff.com
if you don't get my sarcasm, then you honestly need to bury yourself in a hole 547 feet underground.
Stuck in line at the Dutch Bros. Coffee drive-thru on 4th Plain Blvd. This is maddening.
When a whore pops up on my notifications on fb it makes me cringe...
gotta make the most of the time i have....i've been slacking big time
#RIPChuckBrown Wind me up Chuck!
Mandatory viewing for US history survey? I think so. >> RT Awesomest Birthday Present Ever In History. bit.ly/oEUxyx
Am shooting bricks with this thunder & lights, & the lights went out at my casa-_-
we are pumped for your MKE branch!
I eat once a day..thats bad??.
hello #tweetdeck! :D loving the new look.
Anyone remember the scene from the movie ET with the Coke? ^TR
artist don't fuck with ya until u got something they can benefit from. And some wonder why those artist get so stingy when they break threw
Is it okay to use selling Girl Scout cookies for 12 years as an example of sales experience in a professional interview? I was afraid to.
thx bro. Go
Someone enlighten me on how to go about playing a show.
Our phones must dislike each other or something :/. I'm sorry . <3
thank you.
Hey! We're playing at the Listening Room on the 20th from 12-2pm!!
Friday the 13th
#thatawkwardmomentwhen your having a conversation with someone and they walk away and your left talking to yourself.
goes through one ear and out the other!
I feel like screaming my ass off. Lol
just followed u. Follow back so I can dm u.
I heard your going to the springle ball, is that true? And how do you perform in big crowds? oh and thanks for following<3
beats working anyday!
We!! I cant wait either!!!
That's OK. Get's him out of the central! Fear the Dear!
And who is that?
Anyone for a little triskaidekaphobia?
FYI a girl with naturally big tits never sleeps on her back and always needs a firm mattress, not an urban legend.
I feel removed from the world.. what happened in sports today??? Did #kobe sign that contract???
thanks for the intro, it sounds like we should chat!
The #Orioles sit atop the AL East. I'm savoring the moment.
It's 7PM on a Sunday. By which I mean I'm watching Planet Earth and drinking tea.
#HR Mover & Shaker Alert!! If you don't know who is the Creator of the Community you are missing out!
XO Skins doesn't have that Orange peel texture like other brands
UTLA testimony: if school districts follow their own policies and the law, school safety would be strengthened.
thanks for the shout out man! Have a good weekend !
“: I'm reading that stupid book 50 Shades of Grey and its not about Jennifer Grey and I hate it.” brilliant
i hate it when people tweet me and tell me to follow them back..if i wanna follow u back ill do it myslef, dnt need you tellin me what to do
Interesting conversations at the Baltimore City Democratic State Central Committee meeting...
loll no te preeoocupee armando is gonna be a good boy
Lmfao that was a hard foul, but come on Lebron that last extra flop was kinda gay
... without punishment, doesn't mean the behavior isn't worthy of punishment in both.
when I saw you and the boyz on ABDC, me and my friend bayleigh literally started jumping up and Down and started screaming! Ily!
I'm more than just an option...
Dissanayake: Art is a strategy necessary for human survival.
I jus took the Longest nap ever...
Not so many tweets from #cikm2011, compared to
Slight Work
girls field
I was ready before being ready was cool.
Where can we get 'Love Pastry' shirts? I really want one!
Do you think Ke$ha has $yphilis?
Last Day of #winterbreak a.k.a. Last Day of "Falling Asleep At 2AM; Waking Up at 2PM; Napping at 6PM, Waking / Wii Bowling & Wine at 12AM."
Judging from the skype call the yobi team came across as easy to work with and cool. I cant wait to meet them.
Lmao bailey and that shirt.
I was born with tragedy in my blood .
When's lunch? Anyone want to share a can of coke?
i followed
Denver looks a little shook
your voice is my drug.
RT : Most girls don't really know what a ride or die is.
thanks for mention
gets me today,that acoustic album is perfect-even if everyone leaves FL,it's a year old,and you know more than me;)
Now #oomf hurt and i can feel the pain and another #oomf don't even know whats goin on
I don't get drunk, I get awesome right
"They may forget what you said, but they will never forget how you made them feel." - Carl W. Buechner"
No, No, Right
Mart it..
Just cause a Guy gives you a little bit of Attention, Dont mean he Like you.
How's everyone doing today?
Press Box: Stanford AD Bowlsby named Big 12 commissioner
haha well its ok, a little bit of insanity never hurt anyone :)
Working out with my bro time to get RIPPED!! n then baseball with the bros! ;)
et al You tweeps are turning me into a fanboy-the phone, the 'book, the new iPad, the home PC is starting to get dusty - dang! ;)
This is what you call a classic backwards situation. RT : I received +K in Subaru from , thanks!
Yeah this is the kinda stuff that makes me want to do AmeriCorps or work for the Red Cross.
I can understand that. Hard enough to streamline my tangled notes/ideas. I can imagine challenge of presenting diss. research.
The pony fetish must stop. Now clown a piñata, that's a fail safe plan for making friends at our tailgates #partystorerun?
happy birthday!
CNN Wonder how a ban on drug ads would impact cost of health care? US is only place that allows such ads. Just sayin'...
Dear , I need to reach you RE a ShareCare mother's day tribute to caregivers. Please email me
"its just twitter" "its JUST twitter" "its JUST twitter"? You're probably right; maybe I DIDN'T make myself clear.
That's a different vacation. This is a trip to visit home and to go to a health journalism conference.
I really wanna work out
Can't wait! That campus is a blast!
Congrats to John Fox and The Broncos for a highly successful season.
- Re: Dexter...Showtime version or network version?
“You have power over your mind - not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.” Marcus Aurelius
C'mon everybody! Lets get to 200k :-)
I was just served the most measly burrito I've had here. 1st time in 10 years as a customer I've walked out the door hungry.
Authors - have you used book trailers? What's your experience - good or bad? Readers - do you like book trailers?
We will never stop supporting. Even when the world ends<3
Omg this beer thing is freaking me out!
Discovered a new surprise favorite in "United States of Tara." 15 episodes in 24 hours.
I lube the nightlife! I like to boogie...on the disco round!
O Israel, hope in the Lord! For with the Lord there is mercy and loving-kindness, and with Him is plenteous redemption. - Psalm 130:7
Happy New Year!
where do you live? I'll do some mappage!
We’ve got all the shine, we need to find
CORRECTION: The pictures of Joe and Mikey are from Tuesday, June 7.
On my way to Ohio! Can't wait!!!
Happy Tuesday Beautiful People! #MegaMillions - XavierLT. com
it's star wars day!
I hate hospitals..
and I both know where you live and work! #Losing not #winning for you chief. Good luck
I'm in the strip club throwing yesterdays money You in the same club throwing other niggas money
And we still try to keep a breadth of topics. Hard to know if you are getting too technical or not enough technical at times
I'll ask you this if JoeMauer get 8*23M then what is Prince worth the same/more/less? they DO have 2yrs to figure this out?
yea if we got wes too so it's cheaper
If you ever fantasized of working for Vogue, following will help relieve you of any bitterness of that dream deferred.
auto correct can go straight to he'll
#nascar # californiacostumes Junior has 'fun' despite questions in Kansas Imagine, if you can, riding around a race track at nearly 190 m
Like you ideas. Growing my own food and cautious shopper looking for options. TFF!
Grill time with and others
Swear to whatever: Just bought The Odditorium from , then checked email & library has it on hold for me now. Spooky.
not till January :/
50 maybe 60 people trying to incite madness while chanting "peaceful protest".
awwe I love you !
We're into the cat-belling portion of the introduce-standardized-ontologies discussion
Coming to Nola tomorrow, can't wait!
An 👽 got RT on my TL
You know you'd pay 3 times as much for your coffee fix!
Enjoy your dinner!! :D RT : were at monicals now.
Greg!! Been a big fan of yours over 10yrs since zenon!! loved u in everwood, and still do in rookie blue..keep it up!!
Stickam Show tonight! BE THERE OR BE SQUARE! Also releasing some awesome things so come watch us do stupid shit and sing songs for you <3
I don't like the thought that I'm going to die in the 21st century.
Home alone.... Wht to do
YAYYYYY IT'S ST. PATRICK'S DAY. WOO.
"you gotta little dick!" -girl in car that gets cut off
Which Christmas pudding is your favorite.....Figgy pudding, Plum pudding or Yorkshire pudding?
“Prayer is not asking for what you think you want, but asking to be changed in ways you can't imagine.” Kathleen Norris
unfortunately they are not your size... 5.5. :(
I don't know how they nog an egg, but I'm glad they do.
.....like I've always known, ur love lies with me....chorus.
Closed Today Too cold for the Ice House!
Time to get incoherent and write an academic paper.
I'm being serious!
Check Out The Complete EZ Marketing Tool & Tell me What U Think E: www.Video-TV-Email.com
Thanks. I take it you stayed at a Holiday Inn Express last night. That's how you get smarter :)
I guess its a good thing I live in Columbus then. ;). RT town full of idiots.
excuse me I'm grown lmfao
Visit WAMO100 site beginning Thursday for Drake "Club Paradise Tour" Pre-Sale Tickets! Get 'em before tixs go on sale to the public on Fri!
How does it feel outside?
Harbor Master
9 hours...time is also an issue
o finally
1905- From a public auction of railroad land the town of #LasVegas Nevada founded.
Not too bad kinda wanna do a full...
Woo! #Zombieland is on!! I have to get my weekend fill of zombies since #thewalkingdead isn't on this week.
What are you guys doing tonight ? :D
#Archer is, without a doubt, the funniest show on TV. Catching up now. "Is that a ghost?" - Burt Reynolds
Charles, I love you but you need to cheer up your tweets
{I stare into the calm waters of the lake, seeing haunted, eerie eyes looking back at me, I smile; she smiles. I blink; she blinks}
We have also returned to Premiere w/ Final Cut X entering the market.
fresh puerto rican coffee. Almost out of it!? :(
That kid got to meet !
Dear pink lemonade, Where can I find these pink lemons? Sincerely, confused drinker..
“: You never know how strong you are until being strong is the only choice you have.” YEP.
Fuck you I'm not even going to tell you what you did wrong this time, you don't deserve it. Just fuck you.
aww lol she was just joking. =)
I think you have to add both of them together.
My mom buys too many flowers
no YOU da best❤ Andre is retarted
AllanKreda is trying not to look at what's left in his 401k account.
Searching for a 16-22 year old pop singer to join a pop group in Boston, MA. Email
Thanks 2 everyone who RT our food drive! Starts FRIDAY at ALL DD locations. 3 non-perish food items for a free med coffee!
no one which is why they swindle people into trying it.
Tell your friends to tell their friends to tell their friends about me.
Baseball game.
Breaking News : All 7-11s in the Denver Metro area, are completely sold out of Slurpees & BBQ chips... Please go away stoners :)
Ah Copa's going to give me my first gray hair! Come on already!
boy it's a good one, Money Making Floyd got this one from the looks of it
?? cut into my fav show #jeopardy to announce barely won his home state MI? #IdontCare!!
nice I woke up awhile ago
Go off alone to gild
does this problem extend to other countries - Brazil: yes, still have boxes, based on jobs that exist
that quote is from a Pink song.
Headed Westbound To The Radio Station
guess what I would do if you tweeted us? Oh wait...you'll have to do it to find out(;
RE: dropped Hard Drive: HAHAHA you suck! I'll fix it for you! bring it over B. (all content is subject to search)
greatest love of all! I'm a sap for a great ballad
Smh... Give a basic chick some airmax and she think she Beyonce... Lol
Very cool! RT Mobile phones are becoming more and more engrained in the shopping experience. #mobile #qrcodes youtu.be/o9zcs1dg8qo
Thanks! Glad you like it.
dental dudes
Come one come all to the April Fools Brawl!! Friday, April 1st at the Hi-Hat in Providence. Doors $5 admission.
It's one of my biggest pet peeves...
lol you should understand that. I am a well behaved individual. Lol
yeah way to goo!
I freaking love how simple is. Payless? EFF THAT! I would be happy with cardboard shoes on my feet............... Erm not really.
taking hot ass showers when you have a cold is the dankest
Billy Price doesn't rest. RT : Took 1st in both
Is there any spreadsheet program currently available that won't make me want to claw my own eyes out?
Corona O'clock
Seriously though, you're on that stalker shit now >.> stop doing everything I do
Theres no peanut butter.
$60 VIP Reserved seats remain for tonight's NAFC "Kickboxing Gladiators" fights inside Milw Harley-Davidson, 11310 W Silver Spring. GA $30.
Imagine #Gronk #Welker #Hernandez & Straight Ca$h #RandyMoss on the #Pats ! How about Madden #13 with Moss? Add =
Getting a massage
I don't think those short urls are taking me to the right page
True or False: Tetris was invented in Poland?
Oh cool, i also want Vinny to follow me! lol and haha yeah i have random verified people too!
Last Day to Like us on Facebook (SBXThe125) & post where you would go in SD with $50 of gas in your tank and win a $50 gas card!
ha ha really cool :)
Students reply to all kinds of questions. Sometimes I let them pose the question.
you probably dont know this country but greetings from Qatar :D
BOLD STATEMENT SIR.
Drinking my last Wee Heavy Scotch Ale
Has anyone used the DocScanner Mac app? Need an int'l travel scanning solution. Reviews please...
“: When u pour cereal into your bowl and open your fridge to no milk!! Grrrr!”<~Dizzam! see you at work later looking hungry
E! News: John Travolta's original masseur accuser drops sexual assault case against actor
i want a basset hound SO MUCH. resisting submitting the adoption application...
get in my bed.
People do this over human kids too. So sad. You can't get that $ and time back.
I hate the new updated app for twitter -.-
Ending my weekend with running on repeat. Great way to end a Sunday.
lol wat u talk n bout bra
This guy is to nasty
That's an interesting zippered shirt that Josh Byrnes is wearing.
but who would you trade?
best night in a long time.
Can't sleep...whose awake?
I'm not finding the email. Can you resend, or want to DM your email to us?
so i can get hopefully both Super Street Fighter 4 and Ultimate marvel vs capcom 3
Those who say it can�t be done are usually interrupted by others doing it
thanks! there was no muppet dancing this time around. I was trying to be "serious" so I did impressions of my cats instead :)
R.I.P. to R.E.M. The rock group announced yesterday that they have decided to call it a day.
I thank God every day for sending me the most wonderful husband in the world.
Having fun in Lincoln County!
Ah! :O today is the day! :D
I think it's kewl to run around, arms spread like a plane, and jump over benches I dunno bout you..
Back in NYC!
7months of being single damn -.-t
"YOU HOT DUCKING GUY" - hahaha
Thanks! See you there! RT We've long celebrated Don Tate as an illustrator, but at #TLA12, he'll be attending as an author.
we'll be out there this fall!
Shouts to for the follow
#dcmi10 Mike Bergman: Many mapping predicates should be approximate. owl:sameAs a nuclear warhead.
I don't care. What do you wanna do?
The past cannot be changed, forgotten, edited or erased. It can only be accepted and learned from.
My 2000th tweet goes to my 2 bestest friends for spending their Friday night just laying in bed with me.
Beauty is not about looks, makeup or clothes. True beauty comes from being yourself.
Thanks for the RT's! Happy Mother's Day.
Essential Workflow Changes: Changes are expected and welcomed - via Michael Allen
we have phones out here and smart ones too :-)
Ok, today was a good day. tennis, church, movies. can ask for more fun.
the same thing occurred to me last week. let's get the ball rolling!
Great! Welcome to Las Vegas Cashmob! You're family now.
I'm so sorry to hear that. Hope you feel okay! :]
#Timeline is a place that I am proud to call my home #f8 ... allowing users to express their unique personality
RT :-$ Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose. Bill Gates
When Someone talks to your crush >:O
What up twitters, what are ur plans for today?
If you drink #wine and wake up feeling like you have a cold it could be the sulphur dioxide
RT : Waking up with a headache ??<<< take some Willow Pain Reliver I'm sure my Girl cheer u up Jamie :)
The #ISCW12 hashtag has gone to sleep after blowing up my tweetdeck all day. Now I'm waiting for the drunk tweets to start up after dinner.
Waitn On My Dad. Dis Nigga Got Me Bout 2 Order A Pizza.
Getting on Madden 13, Send over your gameplay bugaboos #M13Event Got some great feedback already, Pumped for other guys to play for 1st time
I would do that, but that is how I stay in touch with the fam. I mostly use the mobile app and set it to status updates.
I'm on a mission: to lose some weight! I'm not overweight or anything, but I could be more tone.
We graduate so soon :)
Good. Unecessary for us to break fellowship with him then...but keep your eye on him.
bring a doggy bag by the studio!
any theories about flight time? Why do we sometimes land 40 mins early, & others 20 mins late #earlylanding #nogate #WHY!!
M. Sweet Freedom. Thanks for the heads up! :)
That NATO shit I'm nervous <<<<<< Lol.
I approve this website
What?! What?! What is this I'm seeing about Tyler Perry & is it true?
America was founded on the double standard: A bunch of slave owners wanting to be free. – George Carlin
Back to Zeitler and DeCastro quickly. The fact they were both gone probably caused #Ravens to trade out of Round 1.
Oh great! Now I have one of those right wing nut job Birthers that Arizona just LOVES following me. Argh! - FLAKE OFF (LOL!)
Zien isn't wired up right...geez...
just wrapped the last work day of the year...and i'm on vacation. 2012 will be big. in the meanwhile, chill the champagne.
I missed it!
Going to look at cars, finally found a decent priced honda hybrid. Wish me luck! hopefully driving it home! :)
I'm going to write up a storm tonight.
Got slammed in the face by a volleyball!
everyone in the press said Lee deal would be done by last weekend. There's no reason to trust all this Philly garbage
oh I know!!.your always grabbing my booty
I am not! But I used to live in NYC & I have tons of friends in Cambridge/somerville.
Thanks for the follow! So you do public relations?
Pfizer Animal Health Names Dr. Christine Jenkins as Group Director, U.S. Veterinary Medical Services
#ADP Run Certification - #training complete - Download this fantastic application today!
no to the steelers!
I did. Thank you. I'll send the rider in response and prep them for syndication.
- always! What are your NYE plans?
#Fusion2012 Comm Impact-Arts Educator nominees are: David Cook ( ) Debi West ( ) Heidi Creed (Jones MS)
watchin rise of the planet of the apes, text me niggaz hahaha
This wasnt the end its the start of a new chapter Your dreams will come true hopefully soon! id buy your music, much love💋
I used to live kinda close to San Fran but right now I live in San Diego. I love it here but I've always wanted to go to New York!
Welp, guess I'll make moves. Feels good to be off for once lol
So...Brian Xanders was fired. Does anyone want to tell me why?
Thanks so much ;)
FL correctly identifies Newt = CON Mitt = LIB. Then vote overwhelmingly for the LIB. America has fallen, has fallen.
“: Where should we start tha #TooColdTour when Joker get out??” INDY!
In talking to a veteran reporter for the Inquirer on journalism: "You're young enough to get out while it's good!"
Two bad this week's SNL is a rerun. The show's two brothers would have gotten more airtime.
Who is Jason Marquis? He wouldnt pull his BABY antics over in the #Orioles dugout .... bet on that !!!!
I would love right now to be that girl in the movie who courageousky walks up to the other girl and slaps her
pretty sure that's everyday
Can't believe Ohio St. Lost
Recent example: honey, you're 2 years old and you want to play in the snow without gloves? Enjoy! Lesson quickly learned.
It was great! Your empanadas rock. Just got back from Ecuador and my son was thrilled to be able to have the guanabana soda.
Plans ruined tonight. Now I get to hang with the rents.
Crocs are the simplest form of birth control ...
What's your favorite place in the USA to travel to and why?
Will MJ have it in him to fire his guys (GM and President)? “: Bobcats fire Paul Silas.Cause,um, you know, it's all his fault
we need to lol
This Clipper/Memphis game is an absolute war!
RT : I think I need to order breakfast before I commit murder. Bacon will fix this feeling, yes? << BACON FIXES EVERYTHING!
life is crazy...do you ever get the feeling that coincidences don't exist?
This morn I had a fab jog with a friend Emma. We ran on the NYC river walk & bike lanes, seen boats. It was awesome! I'm happy thankful! :)
Hey, let's cut off all our hair and wear extentions!
Thanks for the kazoo! Daughter might become professional!
Apparently the Puyallup is closing. I remember the lines when it opened. That lasted about a month ...
I just want to sleep
obviously trying to take attention away from that face
You can rest in the fact that the supernatural power of God is being released and at work as you suffer for the sake of the Kingdom.
Ms. NIa is glowing
So now my dad wants a twitter?
Hungry. Too late to eat. Damn.
i hope your dream comes true, that you get your iphone =)
You have an amazing voice, you are one of my favorites on #AMERICANIDOL! (:
Netflix has me addicted to the Dr. Who series but they're missing several key last Tennant episodes. No!!
RT : Life is like water. We want to hold it in our hands, But it flows through our fingers. Make everyday count! ツ
Women's symptoms are different from men. : Here's a heart-healt myth: a heart attack is always a sudden pain in the chest.
Thanks for the follow friend!
Check out photographer Bobby Neel Adams' "photo-surgery" technique, piecing together fragments of couples, aging and family. (1/2)
“: Thanks for the follow” thank you right back!
The really happy person is the one who can enjoy the scenery of a detour. ~Anonymous
I can't believe I picked the right horse. I didn't put money on it, but still. Simply on the name: I'll Have Another
Looks like this guy I caught in the rain with no umbrella Ella Ella
I see your drugs/alcohol and raise a great scene study class/the reminder that you can do something right now and then.
Won my first week of Fantasy Football... Thanks #TomBrady!
fux with me on Friday then
First day as a college graduate! Still can't believe it. Walking across stage yesterday was surreal.
A 5 team game of monoply to make the flight go quicker?
"Come on we're going to the eastside tonight." "Hold on, let me grab my mace."
You got the 1990s Enrique Iglesias/Ricky Martin thing join on. It's Risky... but I like it.
if you have the golf up. Ernie Els just gave this really crazy face before his birdie putt on 18
Love can touch us one time And last for a lifetime And never let go till we're gone, Love was when I loved you One true time I hold you
Towns and park today?
#likecomeon WHY DOES MY LIFE SUCK SO MUCH. I hate back stabbers that act like my BFF then go and talk about me? Like bitch, NO
Arthur Laurents wrote the ORIGINAL book #WestSideStory & directed this version which builds more on the emotion than any before
How is business?
I'm just excited. Not much goes on in my everyday life.
on Demi's facebook page! :)
I can't take a picture cause Guzzi keeps staring at me 😡
I want some watermelon!
HOLY CRAP! Season 3! It's one of my favorite music series, ever. I didn't know you worked for - that's awesome!
Eighty percent of success is showing up.
#Workout at the #Gym- #Burpees! #KILLER BURPEES! #Great for the butt, abs and core!
is too funny hahahah
Toney needs to be in the D League with Jerome Jordan. He just sucks.
Watching #georgetown v #ncstate at the Dubliner
I always reassure them that is the case.
The CATS get it done again! On to the SHIP! One more game and banner number 8 will be hanging from the rafters! C-A-T-S CATS CATS CATS!
thanks homie, love ya have fun in FL!!!
If a hitter gets thrown out trying to stretch a single, is he considered to have reached base for the purpose of calculating OBP?
Tomorrow is St. Patty's Day! Anyone cooking up some corn beef and cabbage? A traditional favorite, but was corn beef always the meat of...
Perk of being a working woman--when 5:00 roles around, I'm done. No homework for me!
Gonna get.my haircut n take a drive out of Milwaukee
It's Tribe day, Tribe day, gotta get down on Tribe day! ...Happy opening day 2012!
El Segundo Cantina.. such great service tonight! And congrats and good luck to Suzy and Scott :-)
I love you. Everything will be okay! You should have checked me out tho!
I'm making a summer bucket list rn,so if you wanna add anything,tell me!c:
I cant right now with this Laker Game tho
hahaha aw thanks :) & i love that name too <3
my birthday was on Easter- I requested ice cream cake :)
Welcome to Friday!
i wondered about the cube... are the windows all weird?
YOO REAL TALK...YHU INSPIRED ME ND YHUR MY ROLE MODEL.. KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK :P
#TextMessagesFromAStalker Your uncle Charles said hello...
If Barbie is so fucking popular, why do you have to buy her friends?
Any news on your cousin?
RT : SAG + AFTRA Merger. VOTE YES because it's the ONLY option for the FUTURE.... --> Agreed!
Finally on twitter beautiful lol. Haha
"You know the guy...always wears his sunglasses on the back of his neck and a Got Beer shirt." Yes. Yes I do.
Shout OUT to the real #OTAKU which is #TEAMJUMP SJ VIP
At #hispz12 film screening in little havana. Viva independent #film!
Going A Day of Foster.ly this weekend
Good Luck tomororw and the rest of the girls team! The #BlondeSkwad will be there rootin you on!
Debating whether or not I should follow because & get kinda creepy when they tweet about him
"people are stupid, especially teachers." lol, charley they've taught you everything you know, so.
Meme of the year = Standards are like toothbrushes; everyone has one but no one want to use anyone else's (heard over 3 times in 2 months)
Yes, that is also big as well. hahahahaha
FREE WITH NEXT ALBUM PURCHASE: Hand-drawn "Ladies of Lifetime Movie Network" 2009 calendar (every month is Judith Light)
Looking for a great place to celebrate #SaintPatricksDay? Try Our indoor seating & outdoor patio make us a premier #hotspot!
I don't care if you just left, I already miss you.
Nice weather and I have to go to work :/
They talking bout rose like he off the team. My goodness.
Somehow I always manage to find the edge cases in any piece of software, the bugs nobody anticipated or has experienced.
Officially in love with 's tweets<3
Thank you !
RT : What are your thoughts on the Super Bowl? Did you think it was an exciting game? Did your team win? Ours did!
Where what was coming from? The anger or the fugure?
MUSIC=LOVE <3 RT : That moment when you realize that all your friends have girlfriends but you... Then you feel forever alone.
Bon Iver is a product of Wisconsin, people. Get on board. Eau Claire FTW!
Just a local history enthusiast. My name's Bryson. Always enjoy your feed as well.
I'm at that point in grading where all the essays seem the same. Come on, kids - surprise me!!
I just earned the Crosstown Magic badge on #Yelp!
MISSING OUT DUDE!!!!!
Moment of silence for that wreck I just passed. It was pretty brutal.
Easy chicken salad: 2 cooked chk breasts, shredded; 1/3 cup plain Greek yogurt; 2 TB mustard, S&P, halved grapes, chopped celery
when i'm in the worst mood ever*, mac miller makes it all better. c:
Here comes Sipp, there goes the game.
Introducing $14 Tuesdays! Any 18" pizza with 2 regular toppings ONLY $14 every Tuesday.
Already thinking about my next trip. Barely even started this one.
CONFESSIONS OF A SLIGHTLY NEUROTIC HITWOMAN by JB Lynn :'I should have known that my plan to go home and spend a nice quiet...'
you're really starting to piss me off, so i'm gonna stop talking to you until i can calm down. take it personally.
"I havent heard any questions or comments that seem fatal to lorc": live blogging #FDA review of new
“: Fan favorite Red Panda about to take the stage/court. #bemilwaukee” one of the best!
Hahaha RT": “: Just take a xanax, you'll forget it ever happened.” I need one after this game"
at skool me & my friend were talking about the cutest couple. this is what happened. Friend: mehh i want a boyfriend Me: Me too Both: OMG
dont be sad your Mahomies are here for you and when we see you sad it makes us sad so please cheer up baby <3
You know what's a gross word? Sprout.
Going 0-8 at the plate but finish as winning pitcher, I'm guessing that would be a first (since 1900)...
Fact: Space Mountain NEVER gets old
We can't access usage logs, so as with all our research we do have to rely on people's self-reported behaviors (1 of 2)
Thanks for bringing together over 150 years experience in #sped #law today!
of course most interesting will be to see what comes of it.. my gut reaction is they should be cautious w/ response, if any
I miss you too
Hi Stacy, Thanks for the heads up on my account being hacked. i hope we've corrected it. Thanks you
Hugo count: 5 out of 8
You're welcome!
#Knicks how about a win..did we forget what that is..lets go!
In regards to my book deadline this week, I can see the light at the end of the tunnel. But it's gonna get dark first. Real dark.
Dedication: RAUL JOSE MONREAL GONZALES, Hey Dad, I miss you and I love you very much. I'll make it ok and I'll take of my bro. Barb
so grateful to you & Gretchen for yr support & #solidarity! Great to see you tonight at #keldaparty (kinda weird when I use it!)
we are very interested in playing in Mexico!!! Email us
ABQ Police pop 15 people at DWI checkpoint set up Friday night at Broadway and Coal. Also seized two vehicles.
Idc how old I am E.L.Fudge cookies are bomb
How could they? No CP3
It's been 7 months since she died bt it still hits home every time I think about it
If anyone thinks Mike Leake has it bad, check out Yovani Gallardo's line.
It would make my day if you'd follow me!
. jersey sighting at the game. Also, hockey is AWESOME.
I fall apart and it figures, It's just the way I've always been
Central Cali is crazy HOT!
I know, those high end options sounded super fun.
Thx for following!
beginning of the year: nothing special about him. middle: he's cute. now: I'm falling in love with him...
YES! :) RT : - next #beerclub field trip may be at my house to help me drink it all.
car vs cyclist..east bound Platte on Powers bridge.. Traffic slowing.
we'll have to see how much my brain cells have been diluted by the end of session
agreed. I walk
Today's Magic Relationship Word is UNDERSTAND.
just emailed you!
heck yea!
thanks, not it, but it's making me think he was somewhere on lehman's site. i'm going to keep looking around. thank you!
If we r not in digital humanities Humanities we don't know how to move beyond 20 min paper. Need help.
If that was me writing A Nigga at 2 sone he would have tired to GET MAD BUT FUCK BECAUSE HE LOVE MAKING OTHA MF HAPPY
Yep-_- I'm in my world history class
I like it. There's a ramp up to the door and everything.
Winterer lied to me
the convos we have
Just listened to sing the national anthem on WLXX Lexington, wow
La Cofradia will be closed on Monday, July 4 th in observance of Independence Day.
Headed north for the California STS retreat in San Fran. Excitement vs. Sleepy.
I have a new hobby.. I love collecting phone cases I just got the COOLEST one at the mall :D
Smart often take from strong. Don't forget to be a student of the game! P.S. Being strong doesn't hurt.
He didn't attack a fan, but more brutal. Can US Gov legally tell him to change his name back or at least to not be World Peace?
I'm sitting at work watching suspect shit go down? Or is there such thing as pregnancy paranoia?
He demands I speak in my Irish accent when yelling. The outcome is us laying on the floor laughing. He's a good man :-)
RT : 2 great album releases today! Marilyn Manson's 'Born Villain' & Hurt's 'The Crux'! Make sure to catch Manson here on 5/19...
The pics my dude likes on Instagram >
The worlds best friend's birthday is TOMORROW!!!☺ looking forward to it!!!
Dear media, pinning a classmate down and forcibly cutting his hair is not a "prank." It's bullying and assault. Start describing it as such.
thunders the best in the west!
Well just found out some pretty interesting stuff today, and i also got my heart crushed :((((( and now i have a headache
Starting some new cosplays I will be posting pictures of my Date Masamune Cosplay very soon! I will start tomorrow!
regression is good.
i think you're fine you really blow my mind maybe someday you and me could run away i just want you to know i wanna be your romeo hey juliet
Just booked my dream wedding cake with Cynthia's Cakes! Red velvet yes
Didn't forget about you #golf?
Just found my Ray Banns >
Mike Carp, Mike Trout, and Tim Salmon; A school of outfielders they would make.
High achievement always takes place in the framework of high expectation. Charles Kettering
Daytime karaoke today at the wicked hop 2-6
TPS will produce a white paper on color technologies for a digital solutions company in January.
awww, your pretty n/h I don't want any of me on here!
Another trip to #Costco! So much #kosher Solomon's Beef, Amnons Pizza, Brookside chocolate covered fruit. What's ner & kosher at yr #Costco?
Fat Tuesday Specials all day long. We'll have Jumbalaya, Gumbo, and a Shrimp Po Boy!
Seeing The Game #TripleH walking with Team #Mayweather .... Classic!!!! Good Fight
The only winning move is not to play!
Me neither. But I've been surprised how long it took to build scipy on ubuntu running on my laptop....
Kirra -- 1000th follower? That is SO cool. :) Very yay (and connecting with a kindred spirit sister, too).
I sang this weekend with my old singing group the Chamber singers. I am so
I may make it a life goal to make inappropriate comments to as many bestselling YA authors as I can. I've already offended at least three.
okay I'll do it soon :)
packers trade up to take aka Jerel worthy
That's right apotheosis CDs available soon
that is one horrible website, thanks for sharing.
“: You can count on it. I know from experience. #LLAP”
good morning and good nite for some as well... i hope your day/slumber does ya good!
oh I know after opening day and he's just out of it. Tomlin's coming around though...impressed there
May sprinkle contents on unheated applesauce. Swallow mixture immediately without chewing.-instructions for Omeprazole
amen to that one!(:
Im gonna kill this fucking cat
Lmao RT : The Lakers playing like the Niggas from "Think Like A Man"
just got back from with where we saw our friend Ciara and met a new one, Adrianna!
I must get up at 5:30 to study for an anthro midterm at 10:30. Then I have class, a guest lecture, and work. Back to busy
RT Awesome! RT : Proud to have voted twice for the SAG-AFTRA merger. Have you voted yet?
RT HATE IS FOR THE WEAK
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninetly - nine percent perspiration.
Taking it w/ a grain of salt. It was great to have a day to focus on it, but we'll have to feel out what's realistic for us.
sorry - prob not gonna happen.
And today was a day, just like any other.
Was that really a gamble?
The official hashtag for the American Academy of Religion - Society of Biblical Literature conference is #sblaar. See you there! :o)
If i'm not your girlfriend or close to it, don't fucking worry about who i'm with or what i'm doing with my spare time.
they just said that straight to your face? Was it just a student or something?
It's 11:15... So that means I can have Fire Hot Cheetos for breakfast?
Just got convienced to step out. 😒 dont try to get me drunk. But it is $1 Drinks.
Ask and you shall receive. #Belly <3’s #Austin 4eva. A special shout-out is in order for one of our Belly Boo’s -- "
I wish Rupaul had a "Cool gay-race" cuz I would sure win! Lmao
DSM psychiatry has gone down path of miscasting behavioral disorders as diseases to pt harm. "Perspectives of Psychiatry" shld be read by IM
My French teacher is so retarded all she did was break dance in class :D
Did you try the link and were you able to go directly to the funny part?
" , , and competing this Sat !" Good luck!
Looks like my time on the #solopr chat will be shorter than I'd hoped. I guess I'll try again next week. :(
Check out tons of photos & more on our facebook page at "Slyder Football" and please "like" us if you can.
Pumped for my tax return! $430 buck coming my way, yeah buddy!!
we met years ago. Had dinner a few time downtown Summit NJ with you and your dad. You need to see our program.
I had to cook, it's been several days since I've been able to chew real food. Sigh.
*reviewing new opportunities to start July 2012* ping me at
I got a big laugh tonight by reading a stupid post on the Saturday night show message board
thank u for voting for me : )
From our family to yours, #HappyThanksgiving everyone
A Birthday is celebrating that you're still alive for this long
If I want to reach my dreams, I must take advantage of it as it passes by.
2peoplethatbelongtogether Michael Jackson & Whitney Houston
": WARNING: Massive amounts of David Williams hate is about to come from my timeline." Bring it there cant be enough hate for him
Congrats #BC on your third national championship in three years! Go Eagles!
I hate how on my days off, I just sit at home. It makes me wish I was working -.-
In fairness I am talking about the South Station T stop, which is indecipherable, not the train station itself.
may I have it now? :)
haha whys that?
hey. We're meeting up though and we WILL meet them!;)
BUT I MIGHT JUST DARE TO SAY, THAT I LOVE YOU.
! and what is wrong with it? Seems very bitchy
We suck at driving! We miss every exit and end up in riverside...why?
check the time. everyone is also assigned a time.
of course... My son went through a pigeon phase RT Of all the animals my child could possibly want to see, he keeps saying 'boar'
The Monday after St. Patrick's Day weekend. How many people in their thirties are still hungover?
Thanks for the follow Keevon!
I just found myself saying EXACTLY what my mom tells me...
Tweet Tweet! I've had this acct for sev months & never get on it!! Don't know...
yes girl!!! Thank you!
What up Kgoo?
why don't you allow users to upload photos for contacts and manually add FB/Twitter URLs?
I'm Bad With Interviews Though....
Assumed you were throwing 24 down for Kobe.
•You can’t buy love, but you can pay heavily for it
Still working through Intermission on the false assumption that "oh, these are short." Three hours later, here we are.
nah, they'd call it "apples & apples" I bet, though.
Turned on the gas fireplace in what is quickly becoming a vain attempt to keep the heat off.
r kelly is really a foooll in feeling on your booty lol
I slick waisted a outfit on illusions!!
I think it's cool to be out of touch with whatever is cool today. #IReadBooksToo :D
God has truly blessed me with an amazing life. I am truly thankful.
Ready to rock the red !
World series champs my ass! Brewers win6-0!!!
meet in conference lobby for lunch?
Editing Drums and tracking vocals tonight.
Go to Google. Search 'let it snow'. :-)
lol real talk bruh we are
clouds quickly giving way to sun...partially
Cold this morning AND downtown? Stop in at SCC-GA & say "hi" to Jen! Get yourself a Mint Meltaway to warm yourself up!
I didnt know they were fried bananas, it was so good, so good
We're having an exciting day w/our new #iPhones! Busy loading/updating all of our contacts, calendars, & maps so that we can serve u better!
Watching #milliondollarlistingnewyork, which broker is most annoying? All of them! Who is this couple offering $16mil?
please lets not "blame the system" I think a lot of great teachers are now overwhelmed with the other stuff - cant teach
Tf is this bull shit they tryna pay me.
#realshit . I'll get over it .
Glad y'all had such a great time! Maybe y'all could wind down the evening in the Perch?
LOL ok then cool
Ben Hurricane
i got a shitload of money for my confirmation wanna help me spend it saturday?
Looking forward to having 500 followers asap, please RT. Thanks for the great support!
I more meant
Happy Cinco de Mayo San Diego! Before you party like a rock star, book a cab/limo/bus, so everyone can get home safe!
More athletes gotta be like and Shelden Williams. Fans love to get tweeted @ by players.
RT : Lemme get my ass up that sleep was beautiful .
hello, my name is Courtney Brown and Im with Dan Wilkinson
RIP Elizabeth Taylor. I would shed a tear for you, but my over indulgence in plastic surgery prevents that #ABQ thanks for making me pretty
I doubt it
If you can dream it, you can do it. ~~Walt Disney
Pistanthrophobia is the common fear of trusting people due to past experiences with relationships gone bad.
Re post: Museums too often offer what's NOT wanted. Where do you see the best/worst match of expectations/offerings?
#AGoodGirlfriend doesn't let her man's eyes wonder.
Thanks for the reTweet! I hope we get to see you at the event!
Bring me a filet mignon sandwich!!!! :P
Praise the Lord for you and your friend. We have standard teaching guides but personalize the lessons to fit our kids!
": TEAM = Together Everyone Achieves More."
Hey sexy!
just in case you forgot, I love you dearly, best friend.
Just got my Incubus tickets!!
Last day to vote for Heinemann's favorites - to appear on the menu at the Pfister Cafe. Vote: www.thepfisterhotel.com
Had a crazy afternoon
I wanna make you feel wanted. <33
that really explains Forest Lawn's gardens lushness.
i'm pretty sure one of my students is pulling in the plot of The 300 in a response about the evolution of the classical style in scupture
im facetiming savannah, i can see your texts lol
Happy First Day of Spring! Despite the 41 degree temperature currently. What big plans do YOU have this spring?
Love Pema Chodron from previous Tweet! It's a quote from her and speaks so much truth
Ex-Raider Chester McGlockton dies suddenly at age 42
C'mon, Pepsi, make the site live and send me a confirmation with a link to vote!! Stay tuned peeps ADL Center needs your votes!
Building a monster
Thanks for the feedback, good ideas :)
what drugs did they overdose with?
Servant ldrshp begins with the desire 2 change oneself. It then becomes possible 2 practice servant ldrshp at an institutional level.
Pet peeve: people who clip or file their nails on public transportation.
I guess NCAA's prob is they have to connect the dots with evidence. Even Lyles said there was no quid pro quo.
Television enables you to be entertained in your home by people you wouldn't have in your home.
Taking a break between Dharma Punx, kitchen cleaning, grocery shopping and Food Not Bombs. Shmeekend.
I was there Feb 1967 untilNov 1968. We will never forget, even though a nation forgot us! SemperFi jarhead!
I thought about it but I saw someone do that and lose it all
Don't Forget, The Holiday Art Walk in Beautiful Little Italy is this Weekend!
That's my job. see you at 1
like let me get a black escalade and my college education. I'll even take a pay raise to stay with this company. thanks!
Sounds like someone is having a craving!
Yes sir and the crowd is moving tonight!
Should NOT have looked at the Phoenix forecast for next week & should NOT have turned on the #Brewers. SO EXCITED FOR #SpringTraining!!!
Sleep music is Jack Johnson's Brushfire Fairytales. Goodnight, Twitter.
The earliest I wake up the better day I have
Is happy to announce an all ages show on December 11 at Ground Zero. More details to come!
You know what the Mormans say: "the more the marrier."
In case you were counting along w/ : this is our 425th day working on #Beertown. only 7 more to go for this leg of its journey
Over 3 billion people live on less than $2 a day. Could you?
In ten short days rates go up for the Indianapolis Monumental Marathon/Half Marathon/Inaugural 5k! Sign up now for best price!
Decisions, decisions...
That was an album by ALL.
It is not coincidence that Blue + Gold = Green. Luck is always on #mubb 's side! Happy St. Patty's day
yay! It will be good to see you!
:O lol but u don't remember my bday huh!?
Ugh so much to do today !!!! so little time ... To much going on!!!
shut up, u dont even know me! "get a life" u fuckin get a life, instead of telling 14 year olds to get a life
when do you have a workshop for Encino/Tarzana/Woodland Hills?
Thanks for the inclusion!
Trimming roses..
i coldent agree more
People who dress nice during this weather are just hurting themselves. I'm the most comfortable person here.
Is there a way to ignore or report for spam
I believe so... Another cassadine?? Wat u think
do you remeber that time when we texted each other like300 times in one day?x
When I bend over backwards for you all you do is laugh cause that ain't good enough you expect me to fold myself in half, till I snap
Thanks for the follow, John!
Is it Friday yet?? So ready
Dude, this is amazing
Missed a big day of kit unveiling. Thoughts?
Can you say SPEEDO? (JK, threw up in my own mouth as I wrote that)
We'll be set up downstairs for the draft. You will have to stop in to see the action, and check out our Ted Thompson Wall.
RT : if is considered out of shape, Then I too want 2 b out of shape.
Who has the best chance to stay undefeated the Colts or the Saints?
Glad you liked the video that much!
and because the movement is decentralized it is truly democratic. It's an interesting social experiment none-the-less. Interesting.
true friends will not lie to you.
I VOTED AGAIN ON COED, AND YOU SHOULD SEE MY COMMENT I LEFT ABOUT YOU
Wild times indeed. And bomb ass breakfast!
Went to Victoria Secret just to accompany and I'm the one that comes out with things. I can't handle myself... #guilty 😔
Wait, whoa....beer?
I don't really be on here boo
Lol!! that's a long time!!
makes my lil heart melt when he smiles!! ;) Phil for the win!
#WaysToImpressMe sign over your winning lottery ticket
He is. :3 His eyes are my weakness. Like pools of perfect blue or something. :'D
Thank you Erin. Yes - stopped by this week for dinner - always outstanding. They have a BBQ Saturday 4/28.
I think it already might be.
no u r
I would like to know who taught Tim Tebow how to throw a football...
Spending a week or two wit my baby this summer >>>>>
I eat so much I need to start eating healthy again
*waits for american tour dates*.....
“: When you fall for someones personality, everything about them becomes beautiful.”
Be careful who you ignore, it might be the person to change your life forever
RT : Heading to Cleveland today for conference on bus rapid transit.
LOL put them in and pop em out !!
oh my...LOVE that book :)
You too!!! :) How were urs
Hey #Bestie, hope they aint working you too hard today:-)
I just took my longest (unplanned) #twitter break ever! I am so glad to be back!! happy friday :)
Love that - #smallwaukee - aina hey? Hi, Cathy!
you my boy blue! If she uses a crayon to sign checks
": Not going to be a backup plan for anyone . #sorryimnotsorry" omg emily stop!!
Thanks for the RT! , see you on the golf course!?
hey I am over tweet limit :) - Nathan :)
me either but I got hooked and saw them all wish it was still on “: parts...never interested me that much”
I want a baby turtle in my life and name it Timmy Jr.
haha I love that song lol I forgot about ! :)
bad broad love to FUCK wit her head down and her ass bent
I hate when guys say "will you go out with me" like where are we going out to
NOW I choose to do my Spanish project haha
ohh that's nice to hear :) soo what u been up too?
Glad you had fun in Disneyland. Can't wait till summer and you guys visit us at the lake.
i'm not even going to pretend that i'm not bitter about this.
Addicted to EggCheeseMuffin, always makes my morning... ☺:')
is impossible that you see that tweet but im from uruguay and i have a dream that that never will come true but im trust2
Join the authors of the Complete Idiot's Guide to Facebook Marketing - TweetChat Thursday, at 11 a.m. CT.
Oh you. Thanks, Zo!
Bite your tongue sir.
Arizona Cardinals at Washington Redskins kicking off at 1:00 PM ET #cardinals #redskins #nfl (Via )
That's how we roll!
Can someone please explain how is leading a war against Marriage?
It was a double and an error on the LF
who was on da bus today
2 heads are better inny day
NEWWORLDCULTURE"S LOUNGE SKATESHOP GRAND OPENING MAY1 WIT AZ"s OWN DJ ELEMENT GIVEAWAYS DA WHOLE 9 ..haha Page Themes Page Themes Page The
The pod is always better when Rog and Mickey sit down in the same room.
Thank you! I was in the hands of and she is one darn talented photographer.
#teamfollowback I will follow you back, <3
Aw thanks :) you do know that you also make me really happy when ever you say that you love me and you show it !*)
time to get functional, my dude. Leave the bench press at LA Fitness, try
I just made a Pandora station based on anonymous 11th-century French polyphony. :-D
I should've kissed you, & I should've told you how I feel.
Need #MondayMotivation check out my tweets
But you believed in everything but me girl I don't get you.
Two things I've seen enough on Twitter today: Andrew Luck to be a Colt tweets. Hologram-themed "jokes" in tweets. Neither are necessary.
#Palomar college budget guru Joe Newmyer: "Nxt yr is gng to be tough even if the rev stays the same & if theres a cut its gng to be tougher"
as I put it I have a better chance of being abducted by aliens than meeting an attractive educated man.
And by baby i mean my car.
HOT SPOT! In-DAS Engineer in Phoenix, AZ; Detroit, MI; Seattle, WA; NY/NJ Apply to: or 312-912-8748
Content Summit: Jesus Ugalde explaining the diff. between the Assembled and the written UBIs and the Plinean Core adoption...
Romney is against character assassination but character carpetbombing is totally copacetic.
Any dog lovers in #LincolnPark? Which local businesses care for your pets? We wanna know who's the best so we can get 'em involved!
I really do, love you.
Looking for game recommendations for the Wii or Nintendo DS. Wish LA Noire were on Wii
My friends> yours
Tom Brady time in exactly 1 day!
trying to figure it out
I hate leaving my room on my sick days because my mom usually doesn't even know I'm home. Then gets angry with me.
mother daughter breakfast. im modeling....yay... at least my twinny is doing it too (;
we were totally inspired.
totally praiseworthy!
26.2 miles!!!!baby!!! My time 3hr30min my first marathon!!!!another milestone in the books baby!
truff...what's really important that i'm working on i don't talk about much, except when really necessary
they obviously aren't familiar with the concept, either.
Hopefully my mom got my back like chiroprac
Not one to be outdone, Romney condemns not only #SSM, but civil unions.
What agency are you with?
yes! By 1 point. Rondo steals the inbound but C's couldn't get a shot!
jay is the one who said he'd look!
I read it last week! Thought it was SUPER cute. I'll be reviewing it soon. :)
even better
Knowing Tony, I think this is just a complaint about general perceptions of humanities. Not about DH.
Similar to my philosophy "If you wouldn't say it to your grandma, don't tweet it" RT : Tweet only what you'd be proud of
Media spectacle is the way to media celebrity. It is not about meaningful content.
Pattie Is Our Beautiful Mamas :) xx
Know what you are worth...
New York mornings. Cool, sunny and filled with aggression. God I love it here.
I really needed a little NW recharge this weekend.
Happy Friday! New all red wine tasting kicks off today with 3 CA & 1 Oregon wine. New wines open today with happy hour until 7pm. Enjoy.
#nasty RT : Rub me out like genies....
hm...youthful? i doubt any of them will "outgrow" their racism.
just saw & perform #TheMotto live. my mind, is blown. best concert i've ever experienced. is fricking incredible.
I lost count and started countin again.
use the rules for citing a webpage with no listed author in whichever citation style you are employing....
Listening to "Crazy Clown Time" from David Lynch. To quote my wife, "It sounds like he discovered Fruity Loops and drank turpentine."
BentleyPC.com, where all your computer repair dreams come true...
Q5)Safety policies, essential tool use, and probably "transactive memory" aids.
RT : Da bomb is the hottest hot sauce I ever ate
love you guys from well.....a bus from Syracuse to Albany.
ikr xD dude i almost died xD why kill me?! What did I ever do to you?! o:
Thank goodness that NBC rumor was false. Whew!
ITS SNOWING
Aw, thanks! He's such a ham.
thanks for doing The Golf Affect show. Tiz spoke highly of you after, inc HOF rec. Believe me, that is not lightly given!
just incoming text messages that have been sent in chinese not all of them. Thank you!
What exactly am I supposed to do with over a hundred hardcover volumes of pre-1990 American Heritage?
I mentioned this Boeing Hanger is big - but President just said you can fit Disneyland inside
Westing: Apple has patented some gestures, but I have no idea how you could ever enforce patents on gestures
we said was jitters in 1st start & now 1st home start. I sure hope ur right lovinthetribe bcuz he needs to be better
Leicester push the scrum into next week
really good documentary on Netflix about Vogue mag, The September Issue
omg. its phoebe fox. when you were little didn't you say you got her a teddy bear like yours. HAHAHA HAZ :) .xx
Yeeeeee-haw!!! RT wins a Silver Pencil at the for Craftsman Radio! Congratulations Teams!!
sparky is going to do it or you. Get 80 quid in the sock and get to blackpool.
have become OBSESSED with mashups. taking recommendations for dance party on Friday.
make sure y'all check out #mke native made today
IMY to girlie it don't matter just let me know when
Definitely not, but most of the others are usual suspects like Oakland, etc.
Listening to Hush Harbor at wofk rules!!
#Kings asst. equip mgr is son of #Coyotes equip mgr Stan Wilson - he does a wild dance after big wins to keep the boys loose, he says.
“: Chris Paul's 1st choice is the Knicks.. willing to wait & sign w/NYK as free agent next summer" #DearSanta #NY<3CP3
Damn he makes me happy.!!! <3
What? Surely I would never need to do that!
nothing. But you just reminded me how sad I am that you moved to Kentucky!!!!! >:(
*wipes crust out my eyes* good mornin' :D
we have good and bad news
That is all very awesome news! Can't wait to read.
Oh, what an endearing show! Final wknd for 's "I Love You, You're Perfect, Now Change."
Why are people from #occupywallstreet movement being arrested for visiting a Citibank as a group to withdraw their money? Crazy!
RT : they'll be there soon enough...they just hit 100 million users & expect way more in 2012
Fabulous afternoon with educators from rural schools...great discussion with their admins this evening...but glad to finally be home.
Updike on Williams' last time at bat: "I had never before heard pure applause in a ballpark."
I apologize for my broken English. It's my second language, I want you to know I'm trying to communicate, it's basic for humans.
forced vacations are good for the soul.
Cool! Thanks man!
Major News! Golf Quests, Inc. (parent company of My Golf Concierge) just partnered with Golfweek Magazine to offer an exclusive deal for al…
oooohh, I like that!
Gonna need that free Slurpee.
why is it weird again? Lol
When u high noodles are so nasty
lies the greatest
came in, pencil is missing. not an auspicious start to the day :(
SexTip Guys, if your girl starts to lose the mood during sex, return to foreplay for a minute or two to get her back in the mood.
On the last day of school shit finna be popping *gets my popcorn ready*
I don’t want a broken heart because I’ll lose the pieces
Bye, OR7. reports 1st gray wolf in CA in nearly 90 years headed back into Oregon yesterday.
Good Morning! Have a great day!(:
I have no words for this. Y'all are crah-zeeeeee. But happy birthday, either way ;)
Thanks for the follow - more on the website www.Historic-FortMyer.com
I think that's good for me!
Ikea?? “: Swedish meatballs, you temporarily soothe me. #sweetsweetsaltpellets”
Thanks for the feedback! RT : Just had my daily gummy vitamins, they are so good!! I wish I could eat em' all :)
Will be praying they find this sicko... He needs to be behind bars. You guys stay safe. much love from nelson family
Big Josh got drafted!!!
hopefully you do! Would love to see you guys before you leave since the hob show was a fail to hang after haha
Its a beautiful Denver!! What are your plans for today...
you're too sweet!
Happy Labor Day Weekend from the Black Lab Theatre. Hope you all enjoy the extra day off!
Lol. She will be back tomorrowww!!! At least i think..
I carry my TAP card in my wallet because I unapologetically love Los Angeles.
can't seem to catch up with u today. Went to the 711 missed you and now on the lawn. Where will you be next? We want to go!
I'm not for sale. I'm fucking Love, do you understand what I'm saying? Like, the Beatles were for sale. I give it away.
chris Jericho needs to retire or better yet fired cause he sucks
Ok, good luck. It's long, so give it some time, but he begins it with a bit of a bang.
My students did great auditions today. Moving on from Commercials now to Film and TV next week - away we go!
Hey ... Need a dinner suggestion for the Falls, Germantown area... Thoughts?
way to break it down tonight on income inequality! Now gonna follow and "like" you:)
Hitting on girls via blackboard.... I have no shame >:D
Yes, it has been important to others. Has often been a battle to explain that I'm a capable developer even tho was not my title.
yay! We can learn together!
#ASAHQ Additional Analysis of the CMS Final Rule on Medicare Conditions of Participation: Anesthesia Physician Supervisio
Warriors, make sure you stay safe over the break. HAPPY HOLIDAYS!!!
Research paper <<<
Playing the new black eyed peas game lol !!!!! ImaBee
“ good night”
": What's a nice way to tell someone they're dead to you?"send a funeral bouquet
In other news, "Welcome to The Black Parade" is trending, which is quite awesome since I just recently became a fan of . :D
Immortal Technique now on stage at May Day rally in Union Square. Says no need to welcome Occupy back. They never left.
Good morning twitter followers;)
The school I originally attended is going to the NAIA world series. Figures
I dont ask questions Wat u mean
<-----is totally amazed that its after 8 and all my kids are still sleeping.....this like never happens
individuals have been contacted.
pray for my man , that's all I ask.
Your family is hilarious :) I'd do the same thing if the press was all over my family. Maybe now they'll leave you alone!
Thought you would've asked me out by now...
Based on text messages alone, most people would probably assume my mom is a 14-year-old Hungarian immigrant.
school tomorrow
Worst spring break ever </3
I'm no beauty queen I'm just beautiful me :)
Ashley Bass presenting on ERMS to Dominican University MLIS program in River Forest, IL tonight.
Thank you!!! I think I'm going to start a whole series of them. RT I LOVE IT
Probably around 6 it's on a Saturday. Hopefully we get the jams this week
I can laugh at my own past :)
A friend is looking for an apartment in Stockholm for the summer or longer. Any ideas?
no fucking way. zerg rush causes ... CLICK RAGE! CLICK RAGE!
i am amy, thanks. we really miss the fuck out of u on there.. in the groups. please come back lol <3
I wish i can go back to public school
#FF some fine folks at
Im deff recording extreme makeover home edition on dec 2 everyone tune in to see
Sunday hangover equals sunday brunch before work.
Want to hear all about Baldrige this morning.
Is entertaining 8 girls at hotel my daughter's 13th--teenager and jbieber cake to boot
Are the corners of the ice at MSG kept dark so the hockey players can still get mugged during a game in New York City?
message me on fb when you get a chance (:
it was great! Clean and organized. We'll see how long it lasts that way.
Thank you Encinitas!
YES! Book candidate #travel for interviews in your calendar appt - drag/drop changes, alerts, maps, directions, expense reports
AH! The level of joy (and terror) in that pic make me want to move back to be close to you! You da best.
Want FREE tix to the Van's #WarpedTour Aug 1 Marcus Amphitheater? has them at 8 tonight. Listen
'how do i reach these keeeeeds?'
They say retweetin Poised Creation is cool!!! ;)
House of AnubisLife after the mystery 108 - blankets and throws
Congrats on today on both accomplishments.👏 If I had a finish like that I'd throw my damn back out!
Awesome piece by Reminds me of James Madison Park in Wis, where I saw a dude talk on cell, dribble and smoke a joint at same time.
Busy Days
Thanks Shane.
How many walks in that span though?!?
Filner says to turn page in SD, we have to break special interest stranglehold.
The videos and covers for the "What Makes You Beautiful" cover/music video contest have been amazing so far. Keep rocking out.
ya so what's ya doing tonight
why am I physic? Haha
Ha ha ha ha! We could change it for different events!
Sweet. Don't have work until 1 so that works out great! I'll get a hold of you Thursday after work!
TXT ME BULLY LMAO
i am just in a terrible mood today. everything is pissing me off.
I saw the paperback edition at B&N last week with It's pretty awesome!
I didn't realize you had such power over the weather.
Nope! RT : DO YOU HAVE TO LIVE IN NYC TO GO?,:(
Just finished the .5oz Oaxaca. Got a "library" of 9 different flavors. Looking forward to the Woolloomooloo Bar.
I'm Chief tho ... Lol, how could you get confused.
k. But no forrreeaall
For story/script = confirm that all 7 points are there, that they connect, and make sense in their connections...
I mean, that's basically your life now.
OH MY GOSH HAHAHA tell me about it!! I just went on a shopping spree at forever 21 2 weeks ago!
Skied on the wide open lake this morning (everything is frozen here in Minnesota). It was awesome !
Thinking about roasting S'mores w/ my hubby last night! XOX Did I mention it was yummy too?? Love to ab :)
Our Colorado Rockies play twice against Pittsburgh today at 12:35 p.m. and 3:35 p.m. Dominate the games, Rockies!
Love sees the invisible, believes the unbelievable and recieves the impossible. Have faith in my love for you.
I can't believie my neighbor is work outside in a thunder and lighting storm!!! He has balls!!!
The Halloween Block party on 21st street was a big success on Sunday. Snow stopped it Sat, but #Loudoun rallied for fun the next day.
Random thought: Rick Santorum got out of the race for the same reasons everyone does: Ran out of Money and faced certain defeat.
well so far. not too much yet. but i'm going out partying tonight
thanks for sharing! Definitely need to read up on this...
Writing a paper in English about who inspires me. is the first person that came to mind. #KingOfClass <3
RGIII and Andrew Luck as co-hosts
wow!! Congrats..and good luck : )
in dc. Great music, weather and food from and good to meet the guys
Just made a donation. Hope he gets all the money!!!
Was there rally enough Yays in a room of 1200 to elect the new board? Bout as many as returned the -IO to Jack's OH.
okay i'll call you
I remember the day and followed me. LOL! that's never happened:(
Goodbye Denver and goodbye #D2L11. A good time was had by all.
Happy first day of #Passover, a weeklong festival commemorating the exodus of the Jews from Egypt & slavery. The experience of the exodus...
I am so glad I could solve that complex engineering problem with a single tweet.
Chasing cats is fun. I live with two- a brother and a sister and they like to play along. It's one way to get exercise!!!
Wow congrats! How do you like it so far?
I'm sorry if I don't hit anyone up this week. Finishing up homework and studying for finals will take up all my time till Thursday :)
i wonder if earworms are part of your subconscious?? and what the meaning behind having a song stuck in your head the whole day is?
Your So Cute!(: You Look Like My Kitty!(:<3
anyone going to #SCBWI in LA?
A Rhianna song, then 5 seconds of her + Chris Martin, then a Coldplay song does NOT equal a groundbreaking collaborative Grammy performance.
Super excited today... About to go see the only man that can make me laugh so much that I cry! ;)
LMFAO the people in front of me were sitting down (on the Internet on their phones the entire time -___-) so I could see xD
Why didn't you bring us chief !
I'm addicted to The Secret Life of an American Teenager. #ohwell. 😁
This week is going by really slow.
she said it in front of me. It's ok though because she always stares at me too long. I think she's gorgeous anyhow, I don't mind.
on a day like this!
#throwbacksongs iris- goo goo dolls. Pop up video for life.
Crowded ass cafeteria, ignorant ass workers...
thanks jacko was hoping for a rain delay to get a strasburg double header tomorrow :)
is tangible.
Todays special! Any hot dog make a combo for 1.00 more
What can I say... I like you
Ah insomnia needs to go away so I can sleep
#quotes #leadership A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd. Max Lucado
Honda Guy: Let me see that book. Is it a dictionary? Me: No. It's a computer in disguise. Honda Guy: You think you're slick. Me: I am slick
After the game, free highlighters for everyone!!!!!!
Music fans all know that moment of finding a song or album of music that is exactly what they wanted to hear, but had no idea it yet existed
can u tag me in some of the pics from lastnight jesus!! lol
Loved Adrien Brody's portrayal of him in 'Midnight in Paris.' Did you see the show of his works at Philly Art Mus yrs ago?
I fucken hate myself for tonight....
New police search fri and sat for missing NJ girl will be area where her car was found running in park.
It was great meeting you too!
i stay off hollywood
I do not have any plans to come to Michigan.
Morris Police Dept. looking for a few good officers
lol we used to get that Alot
In my day kids got pantsed and wet willied at school. Nowadays kids get shot smh
Thanks! Still going through the list to add more..I'm cheating by looking at yours! ;)
#Padres so due for a no-hitter
The CST system consists of a series of modules that may be acquired and used by any
24 hour countdown until registration is closed for #LAMARATHON!!!
Hm wait a minute!
omgomg; i gotta tell you some stuff tomorrow!
The Silk Tie likes Ian and funk crusading! We are tie crusaders, thesilktie.com
In School On My Phone Listing to Music nd Seeing Tweet's = AWESOME LIFE<3 :)ILYNickMara<3
dont know why you are, but you are so,why?
Oh, now I get it. Hipsters are hip because they don't know they are hip.
Brilliant. And platforms like Twitter/Facebook help you leverage the value of your worth.
Hell yea.
Anyone see durant try to ht Carter?
follow back? :) x
thanks for the #ff John! hope the last weekend is full of twists and turns just as the season has been..have a great weekend bud!
GRAND. (: i miss talking to you D; . i fee like u dont like me wahhh! :'(
Ok so we were hacked so if you got any weird messages we are sorry
/ Twitter says to follow you. What are you doing that I should be concerned with?
RT Make a #pisces laugh till they cry and you found a place in their heart
We are still doing our Month of tips and getting involved! Retweet us to be entered into the drawing to win a $25 Best Buy Giftcard!
Yes...that just happened!
More World Series endorsement ideas: Tony La Russa & the Rally Squirrel for anti-fur PSAs, Ron Washington for Maalox
Overheard : "I'm friends with three dogs on Facebook." (cc )
glad you like them! :)
When anger turns into gun violence... talking to Dr. Wendy Walsh right now.
When you think you're good at something always remember that there is probably an asian kid out there that will shit on you lmao
Aw, thank you so much. :) is that u in your icon?
Thanks! I liked that story :) your good at writing.
hm... fire in the pouring rain? jkjk, we all know
Why do people act like friends, but talk so much crap?
Hey old and new friends! If you got a Facebook , go like our page and download our music. Tell your buddys!
Of course I'm going to a fake ICONiac's house for a party on madboyz birthday 😞
thanks fam....play some of your joints...
#holyshit- how did u know
Kids Educational Videos - My Body
I love you so much! You and your brother are miracles.
UCF Homecoming. Downtown will be great this weekend!
Karmas a bitch and she's comin straight for u....
Just realized that super troopers is almost the same cast of beerfest
Have about 40 more bows to make... make it stop. :)
RT : Mobile tends to be an afterthought when designing online campaigns seems like a mis-guided notion
Filner says he has what all the candidates talk about, experience, new direction.
Yeah because she's gonna tell you what's wrong on the spot in front of people ? Think! Lol
A loyal Starwood guest. Trying the aloft brand for the first time.
I wake up to find is on! That made me happy:)
Tony Gonzales. Smutty hasn't tipped his hat yet. Gonzo is deadly.
someone DM me ,Mention me or something ! gawd damn im so bored
I made my own
4A State Baseball Playoffs at All-Star park today! It's a perfect day for watching baseball games...anyone headed up there?
Great meeting 2nite at Tribeca Film Fest. I had no idea he was making music! Great performance and a perfect gentleman.
its for tomorrow u down ?
Harry & Izzys sounds wonderful rite about now !!!!
hahaha yeah maybe not a good idea :)
I am very bummed out that 's Northlanders has come to an end. Such a great book with so many good stories.
& taking part in a milestone in the life of a "True Live Princess" 05/26/12. I can't wait! This is history!
Ok guess who I had this Convo with?Ugh I don't feel good Me:Oh hey theres Christian Person:ooohh I feel better looking at that
good morning
hahaha :D I have a case for you.
open for dinner tonight?
Hello to our newest follower ! Us Grannies look forward to reading about your rentals and packages!
hope you enjoyed the set up! Come by tomorrow if you want and happy to share with you every detail about it =]
Need a list of folder titles and associated container numbers. CSV/TSV doesn't matter; goal is to get it into Excel.
Thanks. RT : Wonk will work, Great job!
Nobody puked last night or this morning, yeah!
Going to fix my truck that broke down last night! :-( stopping to grab some healthy McDonald's first...
Please join us at www.dealoria.com fro some unbelievable upcoming deals. Past deals includes 75% Off State Street Brats
Webbies how do you talk each day with FRIENDS&FAMILY? What technology do you use to read, write&communicate? See the Tech poll in your email
Got two new belly rings. Ones a dragon :)
thought I was the only one that saw that. Hate the Cards just a bit more now.
oh I see , well I'm going to bed lol night
If you refresh...no problems
I love Marquette basketball, but it causes me a lot of stress! Ah
That's the plan! RT : *insert cleverly crafted, theory-based tweet here*
Happy Fourth of July from the Silverwood Team!
The Avengers right now with Mario, Drew, Michael, Bobby, and Luis. STOKED!!
The Blue Angels are ripping through the skies this afternoon.
we need to talk
I just finished a 3.17 mi run with a time of 36:53 with Nike+ GPS.
The human heart creates enough pressure while pumping to squirt blood 30 feet!!
Gaylord Stinchcombe is probably my most favorite fictional name that I have created.
just added Internet Heading on Resume :)
In our mailbox, which is three blocks from the house.
Alone in this section of library; two people just down at *next* table. Need to look as crazy as I actually am, maybe, to scare people away.
Nigerian driver at the end of the night recommends Vee Vee's African Restaurant. Says he gets the goat head. (At least I think.)
How am i supposed to anwer the rest of these questions when our class hasn't even learned about it yet ?
Hopefully I get that call/txt b4 I go to bed
Woww! Two parties this week for us! Another later this month, this is really exciting!!
Happy Birthday to Bobby's. Momma. :-) ": Everyone Lets give Bobbys mama a HUGE HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! with....... xxxoooo"
Looking for an arm candy date. Must be able to dance the whole Night. Please apply within message. Hehe. Prom 5/11
me neither that.place was so good dude
says he told the president yesterday "my marriage hasn't harmed any heterosexuals."
ah damn. Well I'll see you in July sir
I'm giving you one right now honey :) Love you!
Basically, I'm a fearless, independent bitch on the internet & a shy, friendly slut in real life.
I'm a proud mahomie :)
Nice post. Use of "curation" in archives/library space is fun to debate. We should discuss some time.
Why must my flight this morning be So. F'ing. Early?
if you think trading rondo is a good choice you should be in upper management on the celtics
You're welcome and have a great day too!
AWHG all day man
Hard at work on the NOVEMBER issue of ... Politics on the brain.
been there and there is nothing more frustrating
AIN'T NOTHING WRONG WITH CRYING WEN U HURT JST DNT DROWN IN UR TEARS.
Oh, I want a follow I want a follow Wa-want a, want a follow :) !
Robby is a damn punk...
Great. And we're easy to contact if you do have any questions.
4Weeks left of school , lets the countdown begin :)
sorry it took so long to get back to you. Thanks. We'll be back soon. We'll let you know ;)
Greg P Russell after 15 Noms! Maybe next year
Um ... don't waste goat cheese people.
Welcome home boys...We missed you.
Nasty public restrooms
M'Baby don't likes strip-mall sushi !
Just fyi, his handle is There's a typo on the slide.
BOTH? i got THREE! lmao and HELL YEAH!
Atheists need more holidays. Get on this
I wouldn't say utter shit, but it was mostly negative
Just learned that is trying to bail on our #UFC NYC weekend. Actions... have consequences... cc:
I just love when my mother forgets to pay my phone bill. Sure hope I don't have a wreck on the way home and have to call 911.
I'm trying really hard.
Game, set, and match. #Gators take rubber match 2-1, win series over
I want to view my following's tweets on Shuffle. My ears can have it, why not my eyes.
Mitt Romney was the first man to walk on the moon and he also founded PETA
hahaha take us to your bio dome!!!
FIRST DAY OF SCHOOL TOMORROW!!!!!!
S/O dem niggaz got some shit in da works
Dam girl u make me feel so good ,only youu :)
#Chopped is playing the theme music from #Halloween. Surely, the entree wasn't that bad.
Last night in Milwaukee. Finishing off an amazing trip with Pizza Shuttle & Rascals $1 happy hour. Two of my very favorites!
Ninth Suggestion, Life is so short and we never know what is in store for us. So always be prepared so that you won't have any regrets.
Just invited you guys to a G+ hangout. Join when available! :)
I'm home alone after work screaming at my tv. Feels goodman
there I one in Wisconsin!
I'll say it again: All 3 men have such intense rationals for why they should stay in that this will only be decided at the #GOP convention.
damn I've got some catching up to do!!!
Got the logos for the team helmet, they look fucking awesome...
Audition went well, on to the next!
We will keep you updated!
Bye week for Sporting KC, why not get your fix with Sporting Reserve game! 6pm Swope park - That's 45 minutes from now! Let's GO!
Went outside to smoke a cig and a cat I've never seen jumped on the porch, ran up and rubbed its head against my leg, seems apropriate
Hey now, Sophia Coppola's death scene is a classic.
Greg Brinda should be banned from talking about the #Cavs & #NBA. Absolutely clueless.
I'm glad I wasn't the only one that saw him holding her hand..
James has been upsetting me these days... No "likes" no love cc
well, : suggested videos of #indiana's breweries - I like that idea
I think it'd be punny... #imlameRT : is it a bad pun if I saw: Sweet !
its sad meeting a great person in life, but knowing once they're gone, you'll never find someone like them, which is even sadder.
I'm hurt.
I just quit my job at Afni where I worked with Tim XD I have a job interview for goodwill on Saturday
or air
Once you tell people there can be good money in dolls, it usually shuts them up.
#TimberviewMemories when cedar hill came to our school and tried to fight us
Hope you have a nice Thanksgiving! xo
Yes. Making a note to self to bring dongle and put the staff excellence behind me.
Thanks for sharing the #SunStandStill message, John. We are glad it's igniting your #AudaciousFaith ^staff
Lol this nigga got me rolling!
Come to the Echo, pick the winners, win free pizza & beer!
what time are you going up there & when will you be done? I'm going up there later, don't want to get in your way!
Time to plan the first ever Glow Stick party. Lights out, only glow sticks.
Album Of The Year - Faith No More
can't meet u in the roc first
Thank the lord for clean hits like Ovie's, eh?
i think imma go bck to bed im tired
Coffee always gets me going in the mornings.
now that is how work gets done!
Excited to get to to see take on Good luck #JeremyHall and
Remember when we actually made Advertising?
that is absolutely beautiful!
Yup! He was!!
whatzz up i having a kca's vote ur favorite singer and vote like the wind!!!
oh my... I bet it does. You go girl.
The best advice I've found is don't look down
hey guess what!
": SR HIGH CARE GROUP TONIGHT!!!" // I'm bringing CFA cookies tonight
Buena suerte. Never understood such headaches until a nasty volcano in Chile made me feel like Tom Hanks at Ezeiza in Bs As
Thank you much!
Super Special shoutout to Liz M and her very generous donation of $100! Your prize pack has extra love!!
I love but #whatsyournude?
BUT you still aint @ him and say it...i aint fighting him copping the first PLEA i can
i adore the ricky gervais show.
ima txt you
I wish that the iconic and justin bieber follow me
If it is so bright that you have to squint, you’d better wear sunglasses!
My day was perfect ... Until I got home.
Thanks for the #ff !
Get better soon!
Sounds like a freakin plan. A plan I want to complete. D:<
I hope your parents know what you're doing, silly child.
I love my coffee pot with a timer, I can't imagine life without it.
Aldridge has to work his way inside the Olympic circle, but a big man who can stick the 20 footer... that's a skill Team USA could use.
GET MONEY
Trance Kitchen.
Going to need that Justin Timberlake gif, guys.
No #DRose, no Joakim.. doesn't look good y'all
I don't see any location info
So his telescope goes inside your cave
Great workout & run!! Now its time to watch the tourney
That In Your Arms video, with the jelly beans...well done.
Way to end it Corey, but.... RT Please let Rickie's hand be okay..... :-/
Pan tostado with mijo and before Finals Week kicks in. One more week and then off for two.
Thanks again for visiting yesterday! If you haven't yet, we'd love your feedback at Yelp and Google Places!
What exactly is the point of a roundabout anyway?! No one ever freaking yields! Ughh
can't wait!!
You didn't see a defense of tweet quality by claiming SM's primary use as a megaphone is authentic communication?
Can't stand black ice, went tits up earlier
hey sweetie how are. You
Pretty cool! Miss America is Miss Wisconsin. Now all we need is a Packer win over the Giants.
I am hosting Table Topics tonight at SF Toastmasters, the hottest club in Div. E. 6pm @ Schwab - 211 Howard @ Main. www.sf-toastmasters.org
before you know it, he'll be up there with me in tweets lol
Pain pain go away; do not come another day! :( greatful I'm alive!
clearly, not a sports guy
RT “: Hey everyone, fill your gas tank when it's half empty and enjoy the illusion that you're spending less on gas”
Os game, caps,NBA playoffs, done college and myrtle on sunday
Hey...everyone needs a little 'elbow' room once in awhile...
Haven't tweeted in a while! has a show with Hoodie Allen coming up at webster hall!
Dear Page One clerk: when someone tells you they are a Holocaust survivor, "congratulations" probably isn't the appropriate response.
She ratchet
what text?! Was it recently?
HAHAHA...yep, that's pretty much what we'll hear from him...if anything at all. :)
#Neversaynever to #God. Always say yes or the journey will be longer with more trials. He does it because he #loves you
I'm reading The Hunger Games right now and it's so reminiscent to Battle Royale. I think I'm getting bored.
Yes! I'm starting it right now!!
um so I got the glue out so I put the cheetah nails on and I can't lift anything (x I feel ghetto
#imagine My owner kissed you<3
I'm glad I had the day off so I could do accounting for free all day.
An Educated Hillbilly is a dangerous "thang"!!!
Yo, I need a pair of shades actually Katie. Your boy's gotta get his swag on soon. How you been girl get at me
I feel bad that I'm using #seo jedi mind tricks to access content behind Wikipedia's #SOPA wall ::cough:: view cache ::cough::
Tomorrow will be my first day off without a show to worry about in a long time
DANG GOD IS SO GOOD
if you were here with me you know what we wud be doing *wink *wink (; EATING TACOS ;D
He'll love our pick though. I mean AJ's pick!
Pro Re Nata => For an occasion as it arises
"regular show" is freakin awesome!
Dear Football gods, please deliver a solid cover CB to my #DetroitLions. Another solid OL & RB would be nice, but I'm not greedy.
Experiment w/ in-class ?s for Adv. Res. Techs went well. Qualtrics displayed students' responses instantly.
The quickest way for you to forget about what God thinks about you.. Is to focus on what everyone else thinks about you!
hm...hate is such a strong word. Teehee :P How about I just throw something at you? lolz
I see u and moon runnin 93.3 now dog!! Yup yup.
I was winking towards the macker tweet as in if you need an extra guy and/or cheerleader let me know
Have not been on in a while, will be gettig back in touch with those who I have spoke with.
Reafy at the office. Good morning.
Speaking of Bryan Cranston. He should win "best death" for drive. That stuff gave me nightmares
I do!
My little cousin got his first girlfriend. Time goes by so fast. It was just yesterday when I remember a little baby throwing up on me.
Private Coaching in LA. On-line sessions available for students around the world! Call (323) 620-6951 for an intro session
#sxswLAM Librarian meetup on the 10th and LAM sessions. Would enjoy unscripted opportunities to meetup and talk shop
": Yea, I'm in a gang." Let me join
Remember when the Heat were the "Road Warriors?"
Red hot Dempsey is right. YUM!
"Casper"?! Where's your creativity?
Be thankful and count your blessings for what you have, rather than what you want.
Erick's Last morning show with us :( He's moving up the news ladder and going to Boston! Congratulations to him but we're trying not to cry
i hate regretting when i tweet things out
Just finished creating a series of 15 sites for a Washington law firm, most of them are already coming up for highly competitive words, fun!
thanks bro
Happy Saturday, friends. It's a beautiful day!
Another weekend of prom in Eugene. Fantastic. Wish were here.
I wonder how many girls are going to be named Katniss in the next few years.
"[Haunted House] This is the sound of cosmic sludge, dark and eerie with a host of spirits set free." -Bruce Lee Gallanter, Downtown...
Vegas, 1961. Poolside at the Sands. 2 am. A stool sits empty at the end of the bar. "Have a seat, kid," says Frank Sinatra.
I'm calling my next band The Mike Daisey Situation.
Great day so far! Feeling good about what's happening
#BackInElementarySchool when you couldn't chew gum
I'm going to see Spy kids! WooooooHooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love when a guy knows you like him but then he talks to your friends that he doesn't know at all and completely ignores you......
82.5 million moms in the USA!
I can't wait to see these places!
Hahaha seriously? Oh lordy I'm so excited!!
Whether the wolves were fresh off the trap line or came from trapper's freezer, they're still dead.
We must teach capitalists how to literally fuck themselves. That will finally give them something productive to do with their useless lives.
Happy Birthday!
"Good God Almighty...Good God Almighty that killed him!!!! As God as my witness, he is broken in half!!!" - 1998 Vintage WWF
For some reason I decided that I and I alone could stop our tubes on the river.. My knees look like I've worked hard for the money Ouch
Welcome to Georgetown, ! : Two words: Free
great guide to Twitter for writers...
#theTrend it's sad that people still cover up their jaded, retrogressive minds with 'African Heritage' ..equal rights for all
Adventures in Minneapolis! Boing back to Roanoke tomorrow.
do you want to test out my follow button to see if it works?;)
Lauren Berger to release All Work, No Pay w Random House Jan 3. #NACEBite college tour coming this fall!
RT : Who is attending #EarthDay celebration on Sunday?! #car2go will be there!
i don't try to impress anyone tho. If they like me, cool. If not, thumbs ip
The Civil Wars won a Grammy! Yay for them!
Your right Skip I live in Ft.Lauderdale and like Chris more than U ! Saying that Chris your wrong about All that was said!
Congratulations to McGraw-Hill Construction on the #MarkLogic Excellence Award.
he can keep up with me full sprint, at 3 months!
Thank u
I went abt 9:30 last nite & racks wr bare RT : Did any of my tweeoples get any pieces from the #Missoni Target collection?
just started rapping.
I definitely want to!
My twitter is blowing up with musicology fun. Still pretending I'm at
The one featured on the #FB page. :)
Get done w/ holiday shopping BEFORE the turkey, giftcards are one size fits all! T&C's apply.
for science we did spiritual studies/science documentary: God of Wonders- on the netflix
Hello, Friday. You are always welcome around these parts.
The #Boston #Job market right now is filled with great opportunities. Please reach out before I make my choice. via
So good to hear! RT : Yes! 2nd time & just as wonderful!
PT 2 - will Flacco EVER change his cadence at the line of scrimmage and force some defensive offsides or will Ds cont to T off
greaat bucks game, we have some talent this season
either she hand picked one or he has 6 wives.
Mike you and I are going though similar journeys. Good luck man!
#haters gonna hate.
s/o to u to my nig!
Bike. The antidote to my day.
I certainly wouldn't know... hehe! RT : What is an extreme pet owner????
I'm so stupid it's mindless
Treat mom to a delicious meal at your favorite restaurant! We will be accepting reservations for mother's day! Reserve your table today!
Ethan said I don't tweet enough!
WE R THE SUGARFAMILY
you force d it
All the good stuff is on the Canada side, eh!
& I look 4ward to tonight.. GIORDANOS w/ a few male friends should b fun
clarify, please.
A big FUCK YOU to the LA MTA for awarding the rail car contract to the Japs! It WOULD have been my biggest contract ever.
Something I saw..
just don't forget me in NYC or NJ
Thank you Cindy for the follow!
OH SHIT SHE SAID I LOVE YOU.
“: But you went away. How dare you? I miss you..” I know boo. I'm sorry. I miss you too 😉
I have been praying for more auditions and today I got booked for 7 to go to during the next 3 days! Talk about when it rains it pours!!
WORDS TO THE WISE: IM THE BIG FISH FRYER - PAT FORD*
Hope you had a wonderful weekend and enjoyed the great weather!
When should I start working on my dreams? Do it now.
This has been one of the funniest nights ever
OH and you can like her pictures while you're at it
Doritos taco is all love but what I'm really waiting for is a Big Mac between two Oreos.
Merry Christmas Eve to everyone. :)
it reminds me of Clarissa Explains It All
I'm making a nakashi instrumental track using the shamisen MIDI sound in #Ableton Live + vinyl distortion + lots of other delicious effects.
have a wonderfull Tuesday my friends.....
Wait, today is Friday? Cool....
PM announces promulgation of new charter
you down with OPP ? hell fuck nah .
I learned real quick not to do that. It isnt worth losing what and who you love :)
i just spent an hour watching icon dancers dance. i regret nothing.
Double Cash Back Starts Today! Check your Inbox for our Email to see which stores have Doubled their Cash Back for a Limited Time!
I'm out of skool at 12 u b ready by 1
Had a fun day with
WGIRLS Milwaukee make runway debut this Friday at Charity Fashion Show by WGIRLS Milwaukee & Aras Promotions at Milwaukee Athletic Club!
Whoa Brooklyn lets go!
:o well Thanks CJ!
"I guess now we'll all be taking our underwear off. I look forward to that in so many ways." Shep Smith, right now.
It's Wing Night! 38 cent wings all night and Attitude Adjustment Pricing until 9!
yeah why can't I be the guy put the team on my back?
thanks for the add ! how have you been?
#PCA really seating arrangements
Today I met this person at the movies, and he said I was really funny. Ha like I don't know this already?
I'm assuming there will e one waiting on my desk today, right? RIGHT???
It's National Static Electricity Day! Hope you have a shockingly good day!
66-yr-old transgender woman: "We live in fear every day for our being and our basic needs"
Another successful clinic - most importantly we kept the quality of our patients' experiences high and addressed all their needs.
#ThisSummerImTryna get really tan!
"Booze Issue" is a great read. First Friday info has us excited for the new things to come thanks to and team!
me mom isn't going to buy me tickets I'm so upset right now :( :( :( my life is over!!!D:
hey umm i am coming over within the next cpl of days though
hey girl! Wanna send you some goodies for your blog! Can u send me your shipping info DM please
#ItsCrazyHow you act like nothing even happened...
I was about to reply to your tweet but then i thought ' Don't get into another Twitter War' Not today anyway...
hello! What's up? :)
hey Massew! :p
you're welcome, capîtan.
Sorry homie, memorial day can be my "eat whatever I want day" I go two weeks left.
I lost the ability to move things with my mind... Comeon water! Comeoooon
Amazing. excited to see your blogs about the trip!
Im chillin bro be back soon i miss yall niggas to man you home for good ?
Or the actually sad inverse...fans of the band turning against them (heh) because of Gobel's announcement.
OMG they are that juss made my night lol
ESPN kickin' off the Longhorn Network today at 5 on campus!
I should name my playoff team The Donkey!
At hot 104.1 About to talk to
<<it would be hard to shift them out entirely. Q4.
Too Busy. How is yours?
The only problem is that we're both kind of shy xD
Hot dogs! Yum(:
In Washington Dc :) wth My family
Ready for season 4 to start!
My wife saw a bad accident on the fwy today. She's fine. She drives daily. I pray for her safety daily.
On that Chipotle grind
Worst starts of the year by Brewers pitching that I can remember- ever!
just found out Brett has a basketball tourney this weekend. starts Friday night....love the advance notice- glad I did not have big plans!
I know everybody was worried there for a sec but the weather is clearing up! No excuses, come out to Bar 7 for Intermix Wednesdays!
Boston US !
First time doing this wizard. Wish me luck!
Thanks Chip
Hoffman: terrorists can frame their own message on Web in ways not possible before Internet.
Never stop learning!
Atleast I know what to say and not to say
some new rnb beats
Android game CandySwipe now has a Chinese language version available in China!
Fingers crossed!
RUNNING THE OFFENSE DOESN'T MEAN YOU DRIBBLING AROUND LIKE A FUCKING MORON AND TAKING A FLOATING JUMPER
honestly, i dont even care anymore.
There's a big storm in Los Angeles right now and we're having internet trouble, but a new "+EV" strip should be posted shortly!
Sphere PM&D is now open for business in our new location! (MARKETING, GRAPHIC DESIGN, PROMOTIONAL PRODUCTS AND PRINT MEDIA)
I got 9200 on vocab today!!! Ima get some shut eye.. better u get some too besty! nite^^
How about we get these likes to 300 only 75 more to go!!! Also make sure to spread the word about us and follow us on twitter!!!!
I love you more #BeHappy <3
Congrats to Kastaway for a successful album release concert at Beer Co! <3
Check out : infatuationclothing.com
What did u have? What u up to know??!(:
Lmfao ! Wordd": See great mind think alike ;) "
RT : Research should focus on clinically-actionable discoveries and be driven by disease and benefit to patients
thanks for the supper shout.
If Bubba Watson doesn't win the Masters, I'm going to eat 10 cupcakes and die.
A survey of 5k consumers rates brands on a scale from -100 to 100. 0 means equal + and - perceptions. The highest score is usually about 60
On the road picking up my posters and some mo ishhh!!!
This may be true, but I can construe that you're life is becoming simpler, and thus better suited for survival
"Motive does matter..." US Atty Booth Goodwin at #fairnessWV11 "Hate crimes laws are important."
Dinner to be decided soon... relaxation time til then
YES I DID THANKS LOL
Take me with you sometime??(:
Gotta have brains and looks when you got a grown man.. Only little boys go for dumb bitches who ain't gone be shid..
Age 3:: *boy kisses girl* Parents: Awwh that's so cute Age 16: *boy kisses girl* Dad: Get the hell away from my daughter. *loads gun*
I hate when my GF calls me a man whore just because all the girls want my body.
"#iwishihadsaid NO to that 1st cigarette" - This you? 90% of adult smokers started as teens. #quitsmoking cc:
haha u r really pretty!!!
keep thinkin that
Hey, do you have an address for hard-copy submissions?
In other news, sales in Apple products are going to grow absurdly high for the next few months.
omgg that bar was so good..bring me in more :)
if you ever make fun of my tweet game again I will honestly just laugh in your face, sir.
we are back in the studio again recording this coming week but this time just as backing vocals featuring on a 10 tracked album.thank u lord
hi, there, I need help. How can I just pull out data from only those completed surveys? set up a filter? how? Thanks!
Follow me that's right.....you never know where i may lead you lol
're going to do an ustream today? :)
don't forget the macarons.
Early going today we have plays posted from 87 cappers so far with a consensus on the side in both FB tonight More to come
I still sleep with the lights on at night for fear of Y2K. I will never feel safe.
good for you good luck with everything
RT : Today we Declare and Decree that fear is dead in our lives and Faith is alive! #fb #declareanddecree ~ YES!
Let's Go Caps! How is everyone?
This treaty is like an exclusive membership for the Titanic. Difference, you had some chance on the big boat.
Man, that would be the worst. Please don't give them any ideas!
#mc220 let's talk about Dexter!
On a scale of 1 (lowest) to 10 (highest), how excited are you about the #weekend?
A group og us should just get together and throw big citywide bashes.
stop telling me who to follow!!
My BF would KILL dude
i don't wanna do my homework can i just watch
I don't like how says 'Pakistan' and 'Taliban.'
I love how God will give us the things we desire while using us to fulfill his purpose.
The Art Engine recommends your paints.
SUPER FUCKING BOWL CHAMPIONS!!!!
Detour from work to Mass. Eye and Ear...something in my eye for 6 hours...
Texting Loves him!
I exceeded the post limit on tumblr...now what..
I use Google Chrome to browsing the internet world ;) And find out something about <3
i love twitter too. i'm love talking to you guys!
i've been on the streets since 7 in the fuckinqq morning ! not going back home lol .
Gah, my skulls are on back order. >:(
Art is Luminous! Answer our FB trivia to win a family pass !
Housing finance changes likely to mean less government backing for some buyers
The mere formulation of a problem is far more essential than its solution, which may be merely a matter of mathematical or exper
RT : We recently tried the turkey bacon and everyone loved it! So much better for us!
good luck even thoe u and the boys dont need it
“: "I didn't always know how it would end" #FiftyShades #ChristianGrey ”
What's up? Is it raining there?
maybe. Few weeks till I would know.
Can we just make spanish the official language of major league baseball?
but its all good, just ordered one on ebay. pretty cheap too(:
Forgive me for my disrespect, forgive me for my lies
Who know where to get quality clones at in la, ie or daygo?
#BSBforever and always!
Dexter day! Ha
#FF RT : wishing you lots of good luck! Missed you last night, hope to see you soon.
~ I want a relationship, not a relationshit.
I'm home from the gym! Been doing 3 a days while on spring break. The transformation is taking shape!
Got 80 pages left of Brave New World...due tomorrow. Gonna be a long night.
Burger king breakfast.
Hopefully getting my hair done tomorrow!
I need to move to the city asap.
Haven't seen a dog in a bag in a while.
And be kind one to another,tenderhearted, forgiving one another.- Ephesians 4:32
Im gonna reply on here from the facebook question.... she told the douche she loved him.. to me thats cheating on the other guy
BREAKING: residents allowed back in homes
lots of injuries screwing up teams up.
MT : Thanks for sharing my #CreativeFlux post Patrick. Hope you'll check out Bublish.
At the Activist Coalition of Towson right now. talking about unity-rally, trayvon-rally, and other events.
thank you for the #FF and the inspiration! You are brilliant
Can u send me a kit too?
Well, me and my stepdad just got our faces washed in cool whip by my sister!😃 no need for her to worry paybacks around the corner😄
Hey , my answer is 300
hahah it is to me I'm such a fricken health nerd. I just can't focus on this stupid outline
Nordo! Can I still call you that, even though it's not your name anymore? :)
I do use Pandora, but I was bored of my stations. I'll give the early jazz a go this morning. Thanks!
we're all members of #packernation, so lets show who we are!
Join us tonight for a big #MMW event featuring & Friends at w/ , &
twitter has a better chance of increasing my knowledge than this class right now
Weird to think how many things are different just cruisin down 95s.
Prom next weekend? Lets see how many people copy
i guess all these girls gonna have to put their lil mini skirts to rest it's not summer yet!
Eeeep.. My new shoez came in the mail. :D
thanks for the retweet!
Are books different than e-books? Should we think of them as similar objects?
is just adorable
Tinky Winky is trending? is that supposed to be the gay one?.
My mom is making me go to a party I really don't want to go too
Thank you. I use the nikon d300s and a 50mm set lens. :) I love them.
RT : I have to straighten up the house before the maids come.
Hey Swets! I'm great my man. You still working with athletes at all bro?
"...so much of the toxicity in this world comes from a collective draining of empathy. But theater invites us-no, forces us-to empathize."
thank you Lance! :)
They did a really awesome series on the anon hacking of HP Gary that they compiled into an ebook. I'm for any long form news.
I keep meaning to do an update, but haven't gotten around to it. There are no substantial changes planned.
Association urges Syndicate Bank to ensure better industrial relations
Did you purchase one of the Delta Sky Club Groupons?
Just saw a horse suck a slug to death and spit it into a bush.
and many congrats for the fabulous day you've had, today!
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Cinnamon Apple Syrup 4.45 / 5 Stars | 54 Reviews by Lauren "Apples simmered with sugar and cinnamon.. makes a gr
damn straight up
We've worked with an NBA team, MLS team & major footwear brand in past month. We'd love 2 work with u! Email
What fun to drop the pots and pans on the floor when everybody else got to party all night and is hungover. Ha Ha Ha!! (I wish I had gone)
It ain't about the car. It's about the dude that's up in it!
I need a Roo ticket!
And OKC just held serve. Plenty of games left.
how have u liked Royal so far?
#Nuggets win!!! Take that Kobe!
and was looking for a laptop that I can rent
Big Sean went in on KO. It's probably my favorite piece of his.
Google VITA if you're a union member - they will do your taxes for free!!
No way. I can't believe the Nashville chamber wants wages so low. Can the state budget can accommodate more people on SNAP?
Im i the only one thhat wants to rip off demi's eyebrows & put them on me ;)?
Science without religion is lame. Religion without science is blind.
absolutely. I would enjoy that!
Lmao, "A Chocolate Chip Cookie?"
who do we want the rangers to face in the alds?
Cubs need to dump house there season is over!!
Earplugs on. Pissed off.
Thank You. We try to be of service for #Browns fans.
Ah yes, the pool at the is devine. Looking forward to our next training session! Xoxoxoxox
Happy Birthday to our man !
Paper is done!! While I wish I could have another month, it is what it is and I am mega proud!
CHECK YOUR DMS ASAP
good luck!
Fair enough.
dunk over Ibaka should make
please follow me!!
Getting tired of hearing police sirens in my neighborhood.
6 adaptations to the education labor model that schools can use to improve learning and save money. See my New Schools VF preso for more.
I'll send you the invite to the Google Group at lunch!
I love you too
Ping! I'll circulate viewing times for the vow
Fred Shaw returns onside kick 4 yards for score with 5:02, lifting to 61-44 lead over Pittsburgh.
Its carnival time and everybody's havin' fun! Al johnson
Thanks again for answering the teens' questions about your artwork They're super excited to teach from your piece!
lol they get a whopping $230 a year to be the good lil nazi ! most they've ever earned in a year tho !
You'll presumably be exercising for the rest of your life. Pace yourself. CG Philosophie.
That a fat ass hoe, like the kinda hoe that's too fat fo the dick.
Thanks to Martin Luther King Jr. for being a leader in #civil rights, which includes #Disability!
Thanks for everyone's inspirational comments! I am looking forward to working with each of you moving forward....stay tuned!
love your documentary oh my gosh so inspiring !
Mask Thursday=<3
i love when niggaz act like big time niggaz is fuckin wit them when they not even close...they dont know yu dumbass.....
Philly fans take heart if any team can come back it's ur Flyers but they gotta win board battles
#Alliwant is what I want. ?
thank you! :)
Where's ...I need another pic to add to my Billionaire Wiener Wall of Fame.
kcsirochman: #sla2010 please DM me if you know how to search for specific sessions-really wish someone would organize them
sluggish route running -- the wide outs look a little dazed.
Recent stock purchases on WeSeed posted to Twitter: Archer Daniels Midland, New York Times, Starbucks and Google. What's in your portfolio?
start Tiger.
#haters too many of them
your hair looks good! :D
Okay. I will when i get home!
First remove the SQUIRREL !!!
you're freaking gorgeous, wutchu talkin about
Had a fun time in Napa Valley. Heading back to New York today...
still bored
Thoughts on SUPER 8. Give them to me. Now.
#VACATION #WNC ASHEVILLE TODAY #FOLLOW A Candy and Entertainment Vending co
wats up with the massage
well i'm listening to the peacock song and it made me think of you :))
alright u do that ha
our says the marchers are very close to the square now.
i get it that you would have lots of followers, but to only follow ten is using social media for all the wrong reasons. for shame
KC defense or SD this week?
~ Thanks for the follow, love!
#LocalRapperQuotes "Check all the features I got on my album!!!!" You forgot to mention that you, by yourself SUCK
Group chat with my team is so entertaining
What up, breakfast tacos.
and there was a roll call and the bots crashed the party
One Direction Infection ;O;O;O <3 They're all beautiful <3
tentatively it will be the 7-14th maybe the 16th if i wanna stay a couple more days to visit... locking in the dates by next weekend
IT IS RAINING OUTSIDE?. I BELIEVE SO. GOOD CAUSE I DONT WANNA PUT ON REAL SHOES. LOO
you probs should just stay off twitter, everyone's talking about her :)
Give me a call if you're hunting for some GREAT, PERM IT/SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT TALENT! *312-616-7974*
OMG ! is Thinking about suicide! She LOVES youu! :( Tweet her!
daw my doggie wants to cuddle wif me tonight. 🐶💜
Penn Station is the best station.
Obama is magic. He sings some Al Green, I forget all about increased drone strikes. Damn.
Agreed. And generally more expensive. I'm trying to be more budget conscious. That's the reason I'm considering a change.
Watching scream 4...
I think UNC's Roy Williams would have had more catches than the Bears Roy Williams if he played this year.
I'm telling you, prayer really does do the trick. It's just what I needed!
Only a true fatass would trade nuclear weapons for 240,000 metric tons of nutritional assistance
he keeping better track of my bday than i am
*waits for scheduled fire alarm, knowing I'll still jump when it actually goes off*
WE GOIN MASS ST.
#iWishThat you would vote for ! Arabella Jones -Undo It tinyurl.com/8xndlcj
I WAS IN ROOM AND MY MOM THOUGHT I WAS DYING
Given the size of the universe...Life's ups and downs are meaningless!
I'm addicted to work and money!!
Thank you very much, sir. We'll send you an invite to the party, in case you happen to be in Portland. ;-)
rite behind ya! 48!!!
Re-reading Informing Innovation: Tracking Student Interest in Emerging Library Technologies at Ohio University (A Research Report).
and we all know my opinion on Starbucks!
especially the kidsdying from improper dental care&the complications that causes like bacterial infections that cause heart disease
Hey there, (HollyWebb), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
Love the way mcdonalds make u feel
wants to cast for YOU. Yes, you.
I would be upset too
finding out someone you knew committed suicide is not the coolest thing... it leaves a crater... is why I don't think I could ever do it.
Chocolate Raspberry Truffle Cake Pops >>>>><>>
we love you.
Are you related to John?
HEY :D
okay he good
Specyphi What you Believe.......
Hey- I'm getting into this Blog Action Day stuff. Just posted about it.
Christina Millian is on Meet the Browns :)
We're at The Wood Shed in Adair, OK. There is a man with real cowboy boots on. With tassles and everything. Awesome.
Ribs at Outback and 3 books from Barnes & Noble... my parents love me today...
Thanks! - also nice to see a #Jacket2 presence on Google+ (I added you to my #sparks) (via )
it's gonna be awhile...
i must be pretty important to you if you tweet about me often, lofl
#Summerfest June 29th - July 10th. No traffic, No parking when you reserve your ride and Let Us Drive! Shuttle specials!
Um oh well thank you anyways :)
Hw done for now. Now what
We're so happy to have you back! Thanks for joining us tonight!
That could never happen in the U.S.
ate you gonna bring me some?
Winds of plague fell the fuck off
congrats on the lil' one. We'll get out to Boise for sure with Would be cool to catch up.
Just because I said I don't care, doesn't mean I really don't.. Why are you so clueless?</3
I had heard about this and didn't have time to participate
what's the name of the show you shot a pilot for I can't wait to see it :)
hey congrats on your piece tonight on
Be sure to follow Melissa's sister on twitter and also check out her fashion blog!
I'ma hit a slow jay-walker one day for 100 points.
is it possible for you to follow me today? #NeverSayNever :)
yep. running the half.
Near 70 in ATL over the week end and now snow on the radar! Darn you global warming!
pretty crazy how fast sold out. if you have that kind of cash to burn help us get some nice vinyl pressed please!
Wow I just drooled on my hand....
When my windows are open I get the scent of roses, same as when they are closed. Yay! Love our roses! Wahoo!!!
happy birthday :)
Boutique salon helps women bring out inner strength and confidence
The fml momentwhere u have hit snooze for the last 1 and 3 mins and u only have 30 minutes to be ready for the day.....:O
Hey, thanks for the RT!
Going to the Chicago premiere of "God Bless America" at tonight. I cut a slit in my dress pants to show leg like Angelina.
heading down to The Weary Traveler for some beers and food - join me if you'd like!
Make sure to check-in on Foursquare for specials and the mayor always gets free ice cream! Great Ice-Cream, Hot Dogs and Slushies!
nah I was talkin about smokin doobies in your profile. Crack is wack, Chill out lil guy.
Happy birthday, new year!
Wiz Khalifa killed that Chewy remix. One of his best songs ever...
It's a gorgeous Saturday in the #DesignDistrict. Come join us for Gallery Walk.
George W. Bush had most scandalous past of any candidate in history. But #CorporateMedia scrubbed it all - and still does.
What he just told me. >>>> omg <3
I haven't read it yet either. It's now become a point of pride.
It is helpful to signal to the driver, especially at night. We're sorry to hear about your issue.
should've showed them Lester elem. the P.R.I.D.E
love your profile pic!! OMG FLAWLESS HAHAH
is your name twitter cause baby i wanna be on you all night long ;) lol :)
starting another week off right. Planning with for the #homeless simulation in April.
you should totally dress up as nutella and surprise vincent ;)
Let's just say that I'm having a very successful Victoria's Secret experience ;) x
Travis Wall Workshop tonight! Can not wait to see what he has to bring to the studio!
Have a wonderful Wednesday! ;)
Good day congrats to all the #UTC graduates
Yes 20 years in sw Florida now tho. Grew up by Belmont and Kenmore and lived in Antioch and chain of lakes area
I love it when I'm given a project that makes me bring out all my design skills. Makes college debt a tiny bit less depressing.
please follow me
While I'm glad you're happy, I want no part of any Celtics happiness.
Happy mothers day
bad dm me
yes always have them with you, you don't know what will ever happen!
I thought today was going to be a good day... I guess i was wrong.
Just finished seeing #contagion. I'm afraid to touch anything.
TMMK CHAMPS no big deal!
if you were close you could have lunch. Taters, bell peppers, onions and gumbo! :)
dm thanks for following us. We are working on an initiative to deliver the best engaging curriculum at low to no cost.
Congrats to all!
The waiting (for project approval) is the hardest part.
Hahahaha unsupervised bagel and gogurt fight, yes.
Ugh why
Why not?RT : Didn't go to the Louisville game today! Waist of a ticket! Smh
Hahaha! Oh man. Yeah, issues. I guess I won't add to it by licking your avi.
TribeCon! Get ready for another star speaker in the making! Let's hear it from ! Wooot!
What about mystery? Has anyone read some chilling mystery tales lately?
: Thanks for the #FF. Good to see you in Bradenton.
Being sober on a bus is, like, totally different than being drunk on a bus.
last night was crazy wild
Be careful who you call your friends. I'd rather have 4 quarters than 100 pennies. but that's just me.
Charity and I decided that I fit into Hawaii. Rocking no shirt and my trucker hat all day long!
I usually don't state my opinion but that girl needs a reality check & not the one she's getting from her new reality show
Noticed you are doing hoops too lately! On top of signing day...you are busy!
Who ready for black friday shopping? #FieldDay Lol
It is too dangerous for anyone to walk alone at night. If you must walk somewhere at night, get someone to walk with you.
Dear twitter girls if you're going to put up a fake picture at least pick 1 that looks like a real girl and not a brushed up supermodel..dum
Madison Pharmacy Associates: Born from a vision to help women manage symptoms of menopause thru customized, natural hormone prescriptions.
All my prayers go unanswered because there is no God. TOP DOWN, TUNES UP!!!
Has anyone gamed where you ride over a predetermined route, or time periodand try to list as many different WIFI networks as you can?
Music is as much a part of history as many other cherished artifacts.
I wonder (& hope) the donor had the same level healthcare options as Cheney had.
I can't bare to stay on here for updates because it's making me jealous.
well, they are not hard on the eyes... and therefore there are a lot of tweets going out - with photos.
#MyBiggestFearIs being suffocated or drowning
the sky duhh jk my friend told me to say that and nothing much what about you?
will meet , , , , & at later tonight with to the rescue!
I've invested far too much money into one Triathlon. I thought I was a marathon runner. Cheaper! let us get tires this weekend!
Odale good to see you on here tambein.Nice working with you.Los vemos.
eating a popsicle that taste like 7Up pop!its good stuff,haha!
how are you doing?:)
Long Live Rock!!!!
Best Way to Escape from your problems is to Solve them …
so u cool?
While I love using if my love ever goes away, I have no easy way to move my data out. Yes, I am a premium customer.
Snowing. Glad I brought in a big bunch of lilacs last night.
You know-cliches become cliches for a reason...
Too true. I had to break up with my last agent because he didn't do much at all. Bummer.
RT Hope u get a chance 2 read this but can u hook me up with a few of Crookeds HHW acapellas? Im only missi...
I can't believe it's already been two years since my brother was born.
unroll measure cut fold tape crease fold fold tape tag ribbon bow repeat.... sharing abundance & thinking of others-the real gift
Oh, Boy! See Our Fave Ladies Who Suited Up in 2011 2011 was filled with fashionistas wearing pretty dress after dress. However, the ladie
Art Directors Guild ‏ | Let us know what you think of the production design in The Avengers! #ADG RT ( #Awesomesauce )
not in Detroit
I love how u guys reply & keepin touch with ur fans unlike other hot celebs out there.U guys seem real.PLZ reply,it make me happy
Thanks for shopping! Enjoy the new mat :)
forget we think you're swell.
I'M THERE lol RT : ASIAN FESTIVAL next weekend come thru for some good food n some pretty asian women lol
me raven got in a lil fight but its coo now
Advantage of being colorblind: You can solve a Rubik's cube as soon as you pick it up!
Hello Monday.What do you have for me today?
nice! I'll make sure you get a million press releases from the library :P
RIP Dick Clark, didn't know he was having health issues, New Years will never be the same again
after the drama from last year...not sure how this would play out in Denver. If Broncos sign Manning, keep or trade Tebow?
Waiting in line at Second City because I like comedy, not because Jason Seagull is here or something
OH: The number of people I want to beat into a paste grew today.
On to Step 2 - looking at the context. Conduct and internal and external scan
Race for the Cure tomorrow morning! Will be a great emotional day! Follow for all the updates!
put your cheeks in the beek!
TEACHER: “Why did you bring your cat to school today?” KID: “My dad said to my mom he's going to eat that pussy when the kids leave :'(“
Great article
Hehe ^^ & glad that you're smiling ;) I'm good, thank you xo
The rumors are true! We'll be there in September!
that's the best!
I won't be in SF in June, but I will be in SF at LMA Legal Tech in Sept. I would love to get to get together--coffee/drink?
I so need a weapon to kill this flu me bug. But wanted to tweet out to my friends. Follow my daughter in law TY
cant wait for #Angryboys this sunday!!!
fans of my music or gameplay mothersday is coming up and i want to make it a special one for my mom any donations go to her for mothersday!!
glad you got to go and support the team, Russ! They are a talented, likeable bunch. Hey, like us!
": I got an idea for a song w/ me & Retweet if u'd like to hear this & I'll hit em up & make it happen!"
Who is this?
its all about research and development lol
So much fun to know .
I bet knows. RT : NFL teams are 12 for 12 according to Jon Gruden. What were the odds?
Nice to meet you Kimberli!
Way to compete! RT : How bout 'dem Hawks & !!!
What planet do you live on??? Lol how can at least 1 not like or play hockey?!
The future freaks me out. What if I told you Quietdrive opened the show?
Somebody go pick up so he doesn't have to sleep on the side of the road somewhere in between Vermillion and Souix Falls.
I owe BIG time!
The useless things we do with money...shame.
Rad peoples Good to be followin' ya, tell ur friends ta listen!
OMG TRISH TWEETED MY YOUTUBE VIDEO!!!!!!! IM SO HAPPY RIGHT NOW!!! Loving life getting comments saying im pretty omg :)
A6 pt 1: logo leaked prior to announcement, but having do the story is not a bad idea, but 6:50am is early!
If you're easy to get, you're easy to forget.
In school tweeting
Heartworm and Parasite Preventive Recalled Virbac Animal Health voluntarily recalled one lot of its canine heartworm and internal parasit
Running another 4+ miles after the race of my life wasn't the smartest I just finished a 4.34 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Discovering who you really are is one of life's continuous journeys...
yea pretty much bro. LOL
": Me: Mom, can I buy this? Mom: No. Me: I have my own money though. Mom: No."
Live for you, not someone else<3
Wow...he is fast.
-__-+- G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
#FreeNatedogg happy birthday by the way haha
youu getting some?
:D Anything Else?
We are giving away some issues of American Cinematographer, Creative Cow, Lighting & Sound America, PhotoMedia, and other magazines. Stop in
Dave Donatelli always impresses me........
RT : After hearing Jim Irsay call Peyton a "politician," Rob Lowe now reporting that Manning has entered race for Rep. nomin ...
SORRY BRO! i didnt know it was possible to answer those while taking a shower
Today is the day I complete something....anything really. I really need a
Aww It's the Pisces in me! You're pretty great yourself. <3
ATTENTION MAHOMIES RETWEET THIS IF YOU LOVE AND SUPPORT
Thanks to for following VSU Archives too!
These days are going so fast.
This weather is fucked up. Pissing me off
Lol.... Silly rabbit... Tricks are for kids:-)
3... Guys that have hazel eyes <3
algebraic expressions and hieroglyphics are also hard to read ... for the layman ... point being?
a conservative and Malcolm X a liberal? I would argue the opposite, based on economic strategies, but not sure that their stance on violence
He was adopted and tainted our family's and my father's good name. A horrible human being...
big fan big fan.
Haha good! I was giggling pretty hard, too. Great visual.
just have to get through tomorrow then off for a week!
a boy can dream..
lololol I thought I was gonna fall down the stairs at school today
#fridayreads Linger by Hopefully #sundayreads will include Forever.
What are the most important features you're looking for in your platform? I'd be happy to share my knowledge of both platforms :)
Over 30% of the submissions to the first OGI Conference were used last year, so your voice DOES count!
yum! Can u fedex to Seattle? Lol
#TheVoice has been successful in making me completely despise Christina Aguilera.
they'll win both.
you know your a P.Y.T don't let them haters get you down.
10 more tweets left till my 200th tweet!!..
Will do – thank you both!
I was, but can't find the hookups yet. The images from iP are almost good enough. Thought an app might help.
I'm back! Hehe miss me??? *evil grin*
deep breath. deep breath.
#wildwesley wobble what what
Congrats to on a VERY successful grand opening last week! If you havn't tried one of their burgers yet you're missing out!
You are right Mike....The Admirals desperately need these 2 points vs. RF....Good luck to one of my fav Badgers!
Bennies for lunch 😊
heckk yes and i know its gonna be really good. take your time tho, songwriting isnt something you want to rush :)
Not saying today was the best or something I just liked the tweet yea
A&A welcomes another new member to the celeb advisory board! Please welcome actor, singer, director Please follow him!
Please take your time for some golden opportunities at my profile.
I need a pill that can just take all the bad memories away. Help me forget when all I can do is remember. I want to not cry, not be sad..
Definitely gave an amazing performance in #TheAvengers . He was devious in all the right ways. Bravo sir!
Stay awaaayy from the UGA bookstore, they're about a million dollars if you try to get one there.
On my health kick again, let's see how long this one lasts
Has anyone started thinking about Teen Read Week? I'm brainstorming some ideas. Would love to know what you're planning!
wait. You're going to have another grand baby? CONGRATS!
Punting Flowchart: Is your punter Australian? Yes-Entrust the ball to him. No-Probably go for it
too bad more guys don't realize this.
"maybe because you a spooky bitch"
Catch me with a DJ in Petworth this sat. at Chez Billy from 6-9 3815 Ga Ave. NW it's the grand opening !!
Formal education will make you a living. Self-education will make you a fortune
favs: "Is there a happy hour after this?" Omg, last year volunteering in Botswana..." "Idk...I guess, just put it over there"
Thanks for the follow!
early bird I see. Just woke up. It'd be half an hour before I could be ready to go
kk let me know
#Salute RT : in the booth with - OG in the radio world showing our boy the way!
thanks for thinking of me Amelia! Awesome!
I swear if #oomf is at the airport when I arrive I will be the happiest woman alive! Smh idk what to believe anymore lol.
ManU Report: Plaque for cricketer D’Oliveira
Why is it that a female/male show all kinds of attention when they're no longer relevant, but when they had u
Couple gone already but still more discounts available for custom surfboards...www.foamily.com
RT : Dan, Improve perception of schools, aggressive innovation centers, adult education (re-education).
Can not wait till my iPod gets here
You guys should dedicate entire segments to D.Rose's toe.
*creepy smile* and walks off
I really need a poster of you so I can put it right next to my one(:
And flip-flops! RT : It's going to be 50 out today! Does that mean it's okay to wear shorts?
nothing. I was just bored.
Ten’s favorite quote: Mark Twain on Wagner’s music: It’s not as bad as it sounds
Still not used to seeing
Glad you enjoyed!
looking forward to hearing you as well!
I thought they were rolling this out, we still mostly use ustream.
#SomeoneIWantToMeet ! I'm sure wouldn't mind meeting her either
Laid back relaxin watching my favorite movie Goodfellas...
some real nice praxing this week with new lineup- starting to feel it happening again!
Have a nice day :D
Keep you girl from bitching Make her cum, take that nut from her ass.
Last day of the month! Can't wait for Christmas, Chuck Chucks birthday, and New Years!
"he's not a licker, he's a sniffer"
Thank you! Have a great weekend!
happy to take those December to Remember tix off your hand :)
changing the mistakes on the paper sheet music that music notes sent me. Song is staying the same. :)
That's it! Who's down to set some fire fans on fire with me?! I am in need of a bigger and better Bellydance routine, bring the flames.
“: nails...sometimes in my way...?” yes! True story!
In love with two songs rite now you guys should check them out... She wants me by lil crazed and that girl ain't cute by young blaze
if so - they may need to delete all the stripes!
you know how fans used to call Zito and Vlad the "Mariner killer?" Raul has to be new one
hey this is just the fanpage! Hit him up
If you had done anything positive for America in the past year, today would have been a good day to showcase it.
Ok....Thank you so much for letting us know!!! We'd like to offer you a free meal on us. Show this tweet to your cashier.
"What a goal by John Carlson, a good ol American kid who played in the OHL for the London Knights under Dale Hunter."
3% so i'm out this thang !
What are meetup groups and tweetup groups just wondering???
": My mom doesn't like that fact that I have ink on my body ....."well I do lol
I live here. I know what's goin' down. Also: I have many, many friends in the CPD.
Funny how I dont feel very rested after getting 12 hours of sleep. I guess it'll take a bit more to make up for the last two weeks
If you know the thread count on your bed sheets we're in different tax brackets
whatchu think bro 😚🍃💨
Oh I will and I always do!
Hey people claiming to be #1 at something. Let's see some supporting data, and no a note from your mother is not sufficient.
Splendid brunch at Fives in The Peninsula Hotel. Able to use AmEx Platinum card hotel credit for brunch. This card is good value!
Now watching: Notorious B.I.G. Behind the Music on
don't die wondering what if.
Homework or Mass Effect 3? Hmm...
Thank you for your beautiful performance of Celtic Pops last night. It was a truly special event!
I haven't had this good of a night in a while :) thanks and
you're not curvy, you're just fucking fat.
That's just gross. Take that bitch to McDonalds and fatten her up.
I love NYC in general. I am always all over the place.
I wanna go to, but have no one to go with!
Lol the sun was just out like 4 minutes ago. What the fuck happened..
aww :) Thanks! It was actually from my most recent trip to NYC!
have astrologers unionized? I can see it in the stars and is a moron
keep dreaming. Wont happen. NHL needs to contract teams not add them.
And the internet was leaking all weekend: #roflcon is over forever, but it was great to see it at peak lulz.
Seattle Symphony? I've been looking for a good Pops Orchestra out here.
Mazel Tov! RT : My voice just made its cable news debut.
Purple be my favorite color.
the man came home early 2 check on his little scraps. i let him look at the paw & give me extra head scratches. free of charge.
School would be fine if we had to be they by 2:00 and they had fast food restaurants inside like taco bell && subway:/
Making chocolate/caramel candy apples for Halloween.
K, I'm gonna go cry now.
The object of the superior man is truth. Confucius
*WHAT* is with FB and captchas this morning? Geez!!
I'm so excited for prom this saturday... yay
A late night movie night..
you're a gentleman!
I just got a shotout from Adele.
I heard about the show The Choice! It is real right?
Love it! Thx so much for sharing. Hope all is well where you are. Sadly, I missed my spring DC trip this year :(
People are not what they say, they are what they do
Sadly, no mimomas or bloody marys this morning, or it'd have been more than ideas buzzing. ;)
AUDITION: Norwegian Cruise Line
DT is dropping tweets- The last one referred to an unsolicited email sent by a customer recommending us to for an award. ;)
teaching my son to drive...can't believe he is so grown up. Time flies.
": “Most people have the will to win, few have the will to prepare to win.” – Bobby Knight"
Freaking out on the old jail cells. #ghostadventures (via )
What you should see? That's right, LA BOHEME (SPOKEN) at the FLEA. Talented people!
without me you got it all, so hold on.
You would be amazed at what anti-virus software can't kill. I have up to date protection, but these new viruses....
What do you do when your life comes crashing down in you and your hearts broke?
Dear NYC, you gave me everything I never knew I wanted. I <3 u!
Shots of chartreuse. Yep, that kind of night.
thanks I'm trying.
Hey thanks for tweeting my article on !
#ICSC will be offering 13 Special Industry Groups (SIGs) at #RECon12. Whatever your interest,
what's that?
North Carolina #brutal. You'll learn!
RT : Did y'all know red and blue makes purple? Damn learn somethin new everyday < oh you didnt know that ms politics? smh lol
Both of us are going to find the right guy, and it's going to be amazing. Merry Christmas to you and your family!
Itchy, red, watery eyes and nose with boisterous repetitive sneezing.the evil #springallergies are back. D:
Do you think the #Seahawks go after #MattFlynn??
the only source of caffeine my body intook was from soda, and since I gave it up I literally have had no energy.
Double cup love, you're the one I lean on.
Finally back in my room...
the guy makes GWB look like Albert Einstein.
Leftovers from make for the best Sunday brunch.
#AlondraH18 sorry for the absence, we are focusing more on #JulieFoudy. We here in the background if you need us though :)
*sigh* it's gonna be hard to talk her out of that.... :(
do the number game old man
Twits at the LOC
congrats!!! Boiler up !!!
#NP my fav Band- The Kings of Leon
“: No one plays Draw Something the way I play Draw Something. #FACT” I cheat. 😱
where that be big O?
Heading to da doctor
hahaha ya bieber/1D blogs ftw! :)
New York City back to acting like it's winter. Duuuuuummmmmbbb!
Check out the new Machete trailer on youtube.com updated. Machete premeirs Sept.3rd.
Not looking forward to being "30 & alone!!!"
tell ya ma she ain't following me.
Reception is apparently better, but Verizon phone service is BAD...
I'm good! Busy busy!
Super sore from riding yesterday!
Failure is accepting life below your potential.
yea!!! U goin out
I only regret not having twitter apps on my Blackberry when I do conferences. Otherwise, it's been a good decision.
hm, au poivre if you will
Laptop, phone and ipod get taken away. My mom goes downstairs for like 5 mins, i take all 3 back and she doesn't notice
Tonight's show feat. 's corporate chef Chef Nino w/ a dish you can easily make at home. 7pm, WLAE-TV Channel 32.1 or 14.
i know right i luv my city
Our Johnny B Gouda may sell out today. Get it while you can!
Only one consensus on Washington from picks posted from 76 cappers tonight off a 2-0 Monday Nite..See ya at the window
the 47th Ward's new ward superintendent starts this week. Welcome Erick Norton!
I'm gonna go ahead and call this: Sweden, Finland, Russia.
Fuck homework. Not doing it. Again.
awkward turtles yep
i hear you. been working since 9am--should be done here in about a half hour.
Looks good! What kind?
Last non-sequitor tweet tonight: if you play pickup bball like it's Game 7 of the NBA Finals, boxout whining and all, you're lame as hell.
but of course.
I think I made a lot of friends at work because I'm just bad ass& everyone wants a chance to talk to me. Lol jk
Having dinner with friends and just spotted that Karina Smirnoff girl and Brad Penny. He's playing this year?
'Co-opetition is the name of the new game.'
Working hard on revamping our website. Anyone want to give us a hand?
you can make your tweets private if you care
Yeah, you should stick with marine biology....
Ok - it's late time for bed- I have been on this computer to long today! Good Night!!
Can't wait to go to Bed, Bath & Beyond after work!
Day to of #NFL_Draft starts in 50 minutes. What positions do #Seahawks address in Rounds 2 and 3?
Seriously don't feel like going to a baseball game this morning... But I probably don't have to go anyways... (:
I got u
You want me to do something... tell me I can't do it. -Maya Angelou
Blood's thicker than water, and when one's in trouble; Best to seek out a relative's open arms. ~Author Unknown
get so tired of seeing paraphrased wikipedia definitions of rhetorical terms in my students work. Correct definition; wrong context
you so dumb, i got to go cause my dad took my phone and my brothers are feenin to go on the computer! ttyl :) <3 Bray :P
I don't even remember the rest
Dude I LOVE Torchwood! Have we discussed BSG? RT : Torchwood? Don’t mind if I do.
but didn't Atlanta win the championship yesterday? They had nice, colorful streamers!!
This is the best chicken you will ever be
josh you're a hot mess!
Elena Kissed Damon TVD Finale Hero Stefan I THINK Elena Kissed Damon will trend for days! LOL! it has to!
"Racial profiling is unAmerican and counterproductive in keeping us safe" (D-MD)
ha.haha.ha :D
Actually this is pretty entertaining. Feed away.
blahbahahah. so excited for my trip to IOWA :) (: can't sleep <3
My Fathers name for one of my Aunts. RT : what's a sizzle chest?
Is it ever! And I've repressed none of it.
woah! What's wrong wit the ordinary dudes?
People who have never been stoned are stupid!
LOL - wait until you have only 25 days left...the freak outs are much more often. Eek!
real original.
Cigarettes for breakfast, lunch, and dinner
I know that sticking a Post-It note reminder to my iPhone is a failure, but mine or technology’s?
Check out our latest tweet to see how we used their donation...coming in handy!
Definitely and keep Fields as well. He's pretty good too.
Thanks Hannah!
Tonight is Wig Out at the Bordello in L.A. with a dress to impress Ragtime theme!
Right back atcha Mac! It was a blast to finally meet you!
#BackInElemantarySchool I would steal pencils
Congrats Dustin! Awesome group. ": Honored to be reelected Chairman of the Miramar Ranch North Planning Committee tonight!"
"Life is what happens while you are busy making other plans." John Lennon
HEY BROGAN, how'd your day go?(:
Like this question about the wives...good call, Wolf.
#packers defense is way too undisciplined. The presnap movement is hurting them more than confusing the off. Guys out of position at snap.
I will call you tonight boo. I promise <3
my tits only get smaller & smaller, i swur
YAKITORI: Skewered Pork Belly, Chicken, & Rib-eye glazed in Teriyaki w/ Bell Peppers & Onions. Screaming Tuna- More Than Just Sushi.
Should I get a design for our televised game tomorrow or not?
I focused on journalistic enterprise. Actual reporting, not re-writing or opinion journalism.
RT if you also disagree: RT :portland has voted no baseball major or minor. I disagree but I'm only one person
Thanks for following! Greatly appreciate it :) Have a great week!
Good morning everyone c:
Awh Justin makes usher feel old becuz he teases about his phone & how slow he types awh poor usher lol Justin is such a teaser lol :D
they're all laughing cause his first kiss was katelyn we all know that and bryan doesn't hahahaha
yes, we are very excited! We went shopping last night for some puppy essentials :)
Looking at freshman pictures. God, I was so wonderfully awkward.
TVP team taking a little mountain meditation trip to this weekend. 65 and sunny in Colorado, gotta love it.
I love seeing all of these #FollowFriday tweets for ! THEY ONLY NEED 6 MORE FOLLOWERS TO HIT 5,000 <3
I guess the refs only call roughing the passer if tackles the QB. Geesh!
once u go forward u cant go bac
#IPayWithTheD. "Do you have a credit card?" -No but here's my dick
is it that obvious? Not drunk ...tipsy..:)
Noticed everything is up and running for you now...good luck with your fine establishment!
LB i need you!!!! help a brotha out!
Sure! Sounds like fun!
Finally the herb come around!!!! Happy 420
O'Malley signs environment, social media bills - Baltimore Sun
...just like George Bush Jr. couldn't help being.......well you know,lol.
yea so your mom called me. She is looking for you.
Having p.e 6 period hot af = everyone seats and do nothing.
I don't know what you are talking about, you must have been shopping for your five year old ( )
#BeTheOne~Respected~when you care about being liked UR willing to compromise on beliefs & convictions & don't stand for anything
Now, no one freak out here, but yes, I am looking at the top of my desk. Yes, I can see it. It's is miracle!!!
read the other article I retweeted that shows all the benefits he got from America. Least he can do is pay his taxes
Lookin like a phatbooty Celine Dion, sex is on fire, I'ma king of Leon - a - Lewis.... Beyond the truest
Ooh, it's the birthday of ? John, I hope you have a tremendously happy birthday!
RT : I wish you the best!!>>>>Thanks so much! John
I hate riding the black buses
I can't wait to meet you. C; <33
Love your blog
We are not the LAB. Chromosomal Labs analyzes your DNA & we run them through scientific databases & analyze them further.
Lot of DC Fire EMS activity rolling down Nebraska Ave? What's happening?
s/o to my new follower I'm rocking with you baby
Thanks for the RT ! Very exciting!
don't worry you'll find one.. i'll help u XD!
Closeup of the moon...coming right up.
made some bomb ass pancakes 😌
please ive been trying for forever please for my daughters :-)
lmao I swear I was shitfaced the whole weekend and yeah definitely just Hmu
It's amazing the lengths I'll go just to avoid human interaction...
It's the hottest day of the year and #Naughtons has all of your cooling & A/C needs. Come see us and don't get caught sweating it out.
Always a pleasure to have you, Tracy!! Cc:
Glad to hear you enjoyed it! Thanks for sharing :)
your welcome :D
Workout time. In the Gym for the next 5 hours! Preparation is key. Getting these kids ready for Dallas, Arkansas, and Houston.
Sex aint always the key, Love first
Excited for #erl12 next week, my first conference!
10. my house
I didnt see anything relating to your race, but you did say "ratchet muslim" sounds a little edgy to me
haha yup. i'm always running to class!
You're instiscriptionalized.
#OnTheLastDayOfSchool i want to flip off my math and science, and social studies teacher
GUYS! I just had a thought. Davy Jones died on a leap day so we can only have a yearly retrospective every fourth year.
watchin Rachel Crow's performance singing Justin Bieber's Baby and singing along.
Have you played with SimpleGeo?
I love the smell of freshly cut grass
-- Thank you Junior Achievement for your textbook donations to adults in prison taking Entrepreneurship 101.
“Don't gain the world and lose your soul, wisdom is better than silver or gold.” ~ Bob Marley #quote RT RT
ugh difficult ass!
Oh no!! Hope you'll get better soon, dearest. :( Hugs
COMING SOON: A downloadable version of our User's Guide - learn all about Fonts HD! Also coming: 2009 Fonts Inventory - see what we got!
look at the dressing
Thanks for sharing BID story.
I’ve learned that everyone wants to live on top of the mountain, but all the happiness and growth occurs while climbing it. – Andy Rooney
LOL!!! You are so kind and considerate....#cheesecakeangel :)
It all boils down to something. Gotta figure out what that something is.
S/O to MEMPHIS, CHICAGO, BIRMINGHAM, and ATLANTA...what a MF trip!!!!!!!!!!!!
I sure hope 😔 & where you stood to take the picture omfg too much sexiness to capture 😍
follow me if u want baby to stay on youtube 8
Gotta get that new Bobby Valentino- Vitamin V
..|.~| G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
If u haven't visited Technology Cafe yet, you're missing out! Hands-on experience w/YouTube, GoogleDocs, Tegrity, & more! Rm 201
Design tip: Measure and plan your room first before you purchase furniture. www.cliointeriordesign.com
Real NECN journalism alert! Wait...it's on sports. I suppose you take what you can get!
Tuna for dinner... #yum!
Sad to see go. understand. the loudest ppl r the always the dumbest. Peace and much CLE love to you bro.
Olive got lucky tonight and got a jump from a Jimmy.
Enduring the last minute of Glee for New Girl :(
Not much snow and ice here in Milwaukee. 50+ degrees today.
Pay day >>> #MakingMoney!
yes! I want to see you all!!
Missed Another Tweeting Spree... Maybe Soon My Day Will Come. Have An Amazing Show, Hunter. Love You (:
thank you for the #follow!
Aww he's singing boyfriend by justin bieber for mee <3.<3
They ain't crazy they don't know how insanity feels
Now time for hockey.
I hate guys that force themselves onto me.
Having a great Wednesday so far! Lookin' forward to new event meetings, SupperClub later!
well I'm sure california is better than detroit anyday
Tomorrow ill be signing my posters in Chino at Yanks air show!!! Come say hi :-)
Some days the coffee kicks in, some days it don't.
The two most engaging powers of an author are to make things familiar, and familiar things new. – Samuel Johnson
This time via the HBP as opposed to BB.
How are you gonna ignore me, and pretend you don't care about me, when i remember not to long ago you said you loved me..
I can't deal with this "Greensboro" sh*t
LOST: Three minds, belonging to boys ages 11, 8, and 5. If found, please soothe and return with alcohol of choice for parents. Reward.
I prefer plain old #JavaScript over #jQuery. I'm curious how common this is amongst coders?
purchased #watchthethrone today..
Thank you Charlie ;) One of my faves. So appreciated! Wishing you a great Friday and weekend.
boo! Such a disappointment.
good stuff, Deena. Hey, does "One Life, No Regrets" have a Kickstarter thing?
I think just had his account hacked. Unless he really wants us to help clean out toxins and lose weight.
Currently writing our St. Patrick's Day coverage. Are you guys doing anything to celebrate the holiday?
I'm starting to lose faith in music artists...
oh, nothing official. some apple reps on campus currently giving a workshop on ibooks author. thinking about possibilities.
I cannot put into words the foodgasms that I experienced this evening at Amada. Uh-Mazing restaurant!
- The last 10 min of the match were awesome! It was a nail biter once they added 5mins to injury.
Working with Carithers Flowers today. Filming an employee customer contact training program.
I agree. I'm pretty sure they just listen to whatever there leaders tell them. Not much independent thinking going on over there
I'm always so undecided about whether to keep my hair blonde or dye it brown.
That's hilarious
Thanks honey
hi! planning to go there tonight, where can i see your menu?
working on anything good tonight?
Thanks Paul! Now it's tied!!
I heard something about a rumor on KSR today but Matt wouldnt talk about it...no idea what the rumor is but curious.
we like how you operate :) ^ag
What if I don't want to start the week great?
Only Apple could unilaterally reverse how scrolling works and get away with it. (It does feel much more natural...)
does the bernie dance
Is it really only tuesday?!
I like trying to negotiate. Finding a middle ground of manifesting my heart's desires into reality. Some cats can pull it off..
And so we enter hour 8 of me wearing wet socks and shoes.
Welcome home :)
On my way to NYC! I wonder if there is anything cool this weekend?
Jimmy, please send us a direct message with your email address & we'll contact you.
On this day in 1864 the CSA government ordered that 1/2 of the freight capacity of all ships had to be reserved for government shipments.
totally. Just mediocre chain restaurants.
Hoping the Jacobs family is ok.
We gave up on it. So buggy, and the beta only made things worse.
Warren Buffett – no signs of economic recovery - I think he is wrong. House prices are stablizing and the Stock market is on the rise.
do you really wanna be like them? do you wanna be another trend? #GoodCharlotte #TheAnthem 
The Craigs List email confirmation waiting game is the worst, you guys.
Always the French Apple (or Lemon Meringue if it's around).
We have a new winner this week, has been dethroned as the weekly winnder.
“: #Pisces are big soakers if you know what I mean.” I don't
First Person: Blogging for Small Business
why was i not one of the 1m trial users!!?
Marlins offer Albert Pujols a 9 year deal
Join our Irvington Green Initiative for All About Upcycling and find out how some local businesses are converting 'trash' to 'treasures'.
they should be pledging $ to be having dinner with YOU instead of other way around!
Check your driver's license for the "STAR" - Real ID Act - You've been marked! Signed into law by GWB.
Just heard my husband come in the door singing Ive got Moves like Jagger...#Really??Okay
Why does today feel like a Monday?????
"then we'll fly until there is no wind so lets crawl, crawl, crawl back to love."
I googled my son tonight and found his winter indoor track stats! that was cool. Printed out to keep. Maybe spring stats will be there soon.
I am good. I love your pic.
Did you know if you buy a bundle of ten boxes from us, you receive a 10% discount? We also sell a wide variety of packing products!
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there ! 💜💙💗💚💛
Why 7:15? I thought we we're meeting AT Amaris' by 7?
Booked a worldwide commercial for Amazon Kindle today !!!! :D
hahaha from me ? (:
yeahh she like made up the last part on the spot hopefully it gets better.
Show time 1st round clash just start
Plays posted today from 113 cappers on football with the side even in the cotton bowl but over is strong at 23-7....Back Sat. NFL
Kevin Garnett is one of my favorite players in the last decade
Tower Garden? Easy home or restauraunt gardening! No green thumb needed! Tweet me 4 info. Restaurants, Moms, Vegans, Retired...so fun!
Everyones beens asking where you are ? Edibles and Me miss you !!!!
hey. Call me
Me im a 1D fan and im 12 haha!
ayo keep the sweet tea but pass the red hots
where's the petco at? Might need to head back to DMV..
no problem :)
Watching The Biggest Loser with Viggle Tue | 19 | NBC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
HAHA! I was in a hurry to get over to you! 💗
The problem isnt getting guys.. It's keeping them once they figure out how crazy i am. :p
omg it was the best show ever
Clean windows at Multi-tech, how about your office or store?
Arizona needs Murray St. to beat Tenn St..... Bubble Busters...
Even while about to die, Tyler Jon Tyler still cheers me up. Zombies gnawing bone. not ready to die.
Why are you an actor? Do you know? Exactly? In 10 words? Figure it out.
From the base up, Hegel's Absolute seems fantastical. Looking down from a local synthesis, dialectic is recursion.
#Maddow podcast is up, download away!
why is that bad? :/ i saw her for my 17th birthday, haha.
although that's not all bad. You can dispose of excess, but you can't go back and get it.
agreed! Fitness robots!! 😳💪
what's wrong
that's really what the Adobe creative suite is all about. Letting you get the hang of it and then changing everything.
: I'm at 10:45 today and presenting on the TV show Dollhouse and it's "failed feminisms."
OBZH-broken chairs....Park-B-day....Rain-blood...
You can run, you can hide but you can't escape of my love ♥
I'm having a ball with these kids....smart as hell kids fm all over the world. This is pretty amazing...
Beautiful hands are those that do.....deeds that are noble, good, and true.
Blake wouldn't tweet or follow me even if i hijacked all the Bacardi, crystal light and sprite zero's on the planet.
I'll have to look for that. Decapitation always holds reader's attention.
Love the lilac bush blooming in my front window & that it's warm enough to put a fan in the window to blow the scent through the house. :)
K , fine I unfollow he's too arrogant :P
virginians: take 20 seconds to call (804) 786-2211: "My name is ___. I oppose HB462 ultrasound bill and call on the Governor to Veto it."
Tuesday its tiffany
undertaker not retiring that is GREAT NEWS ABSOLUTELY AWESOME
I didn't think it was going to get stuck in there!
Smoke a little smoke - Eric Church<3
Let's get back in the W column!
I'm just gonna casually take random quizzes and post my results.... o.o
First time we've been outside all day hehe
Steady songwriting discussion with Kevin Fox and John Kays over the past few days. Known these guys for years, but band = vital as ever.
Good Job Jags. One of the steals in the draft!
Why is it so hard for me to express my feelings?
you're in the wrong species...happens, we are human
let me know when that pop off
10 more tweets away from my 100Th tweet YAY !! Im catching up ^.*
they also removed Duty, Honor, and Courage
I can only assume this is a late April Fool's joke........
Not at all. I said it was awesome and it is!
what reform? So far all I seen from u is same "richpublican" tactics. Do something real for the people. Sad
“: So it's been decided. Anywhere I live from now on has to be near a Wholefoods, a Starbucks and some decent sushi.” totally!
followed bro, give me a shout out!
Susan B Anthony who campaigned for abolition of slavery & women's rights was born right here in Massachusetts on 15 February 1820
Hales on urban renewal: We should be able to declare victory after 20 years
Heading out for the "E" marketing & commerce conference, discussing new trends, etc....sharing this info right here at 7pm est. Be Here!!!!!
I believe no matter what.. that's what fans do right ? ♥
ICE CREAM SOCIAL!!!
Don't Forget!! Free Coors Light Draft and Free Pizza every Friday from 3-5!! What a Deal!!
Short game work
Huge sales and discounts @ www.allsportsshopping.com , UGG boots, Nikes, Acg Boots, skate Boards, All Sports Apparel after holiday sale !!
Reading a woman with a kite. The most powerful set up in the zodiac. But with kites come responsibility You have to embrace the power
u kno u bored when u look up songs from like 2007
In my feelings again!
Thx for the follow
Kirko bangs drank in my cup!!!
looking at old photos of my mom when she was in her teens, apparently she had let her hair grow out till it touched the ground!
#Tweetdeck for desktop, I love. Tweetdeck for #iPhone - I loathe. Always fails me.
you would! You do realize ur the wackadoodle king pin right!?!
hi there! I'm great how are you?!? I love you too! Xo
I'm gonna fucking cry. New music from the biebs tomorrow!
Will be serving between 6th and 7th on Walnut.
Great #PBL learning this week with in Columbus, OH! Thanks for all of the ideas!
Keshia was acting up on that one visit man
So my gma just told me I use to didn't have a butt...but now I do
Wrap up your Holiday shopping early with a Choice Eating gift certificate.
Can u buy ur ticket at the door
Thanks for the mention! Peace!
Good afternoon everyone! What's going on in Denver today?
Had a Nice Work Out
What's the crime scene activity near Temple this morning? Roads blocked. Live trucks. Mobile CSU..
At least twice a week I question why am I pursuing a graduate degree.
shit has been b.a.n.a.n.a.s. an effort to be as dope as possible, Im subject to limited social media... just use your imagination
lol at what you just retweeted about a taurus. #DoYouEvenKnowMe?
Happy Mothers Day to the best mom & my best friend! Dont know what I'd do without you! Im the luckiest daughter ever! <333
A few interview slots are open. Join me tonight at the Beavercreek Barnes & Noble to discuss your college plans and Winthrop University
Thank you!
Homes like this are why I got into Architecture... Inspiring! “: Hunter House is very cool!”
#WHAT'S GOOD TO EAT BEFORE YOU GO TO THE GYM
I'll have to play the night version. Working in the morning. It was fun! Thanks!
nice picture i said he was cute but u think he is ugly
Thanks Christina for following!
lol it's your fault
Roll one.
RT : Greco: its not nonprofits themselves that are inefficient, but the rules in which they are forced to operate. Huzzah!...
Lost all of my contact, so text me.
While it looks great, perhaps I should print out the cover letter w/o my signature.jpg and sign it myself.
It sure would be nice if YouTube was W O R K I N G! WTFH, YouTube?
If Anchorman 2 wasn't enough, now they're making Dumb and Dumber 2!
yea your mad baby
gfd brewers. back to the bucks game
Omg I want to be there so frekin bad you do not even know I am crying:'(
Do Monday's ever get easier? I suppose they do when you retire. Unfortunately most of my generation won't ever be able to retire!
If you fail under pressure, your strength is too small. Proverbs 24:10
Thankyou for the fine reporting :)
I see -thanks!
bitch ass city takin it... Too many tickets...
thanks for the out!
‏ Thanks, Lindsay! #werealotlikeyou RT Please enter "PEMCO northwest profiles" in youtube if you want to know what the NW is like.
and #BryceHarper is on
Noon maybe?
Yes, definitely. And too? #sushi #lifechats RT I wish, that'd b fun :/ next one pls
I'm in love with it haha
#Contempory #Baltimore #LISTE indubitably worth checking out.
Maybe I'll compromise and just go with a CSS canvas-type theme?
of course!!!!! you make my day :)
How bout them mavs
We clearly have different perspectives and opinions on causality. Thank you for the spirited exchange.
#3wordsofadvice hope.strength.courage :) :) :)
RT : Hm. VW Jettas (older version) simply aren't meant for two car seats... cc
My girls birthday tomorow and i cant't forget my dogs!
yes the key is make it positive
Good morning! It's Wonderful Wednesday! Follow me
lost my favorite ringg (h&m but it was still pretty fucken cool) :(((
So basically they killed He Is We. Wtf. ._. Downsides of the music industry.
All i could do was stand there and nod..
Car review: Hyundai Azera - The Tribune
w/ aging DEF its good to get quality and quantity
Quote of the day: "Give me a place to stand and I can move the world."- Archimedes
Hehe I have 41 followers thanks so much <3
noo I'm not :x
Beautiful event tonight @ the elegant 900 Biscayne w/ Electric Avenue, Commissioner Sarnoff, Silvia Morales and many wonderful Downtowners
I thought he was hitting the spider with his gun
Old RT : Why am I in bed already
not arguing about Ryan's actions, just about how you're trying to make people react.
lol. Missed the Toto tweet before...D'oh!
for some reason my twitter won't let me write you back on a message! :/
RT : bringing a bunch of bad bitches to - I wish I was cool like that. cc:
who are the best deep threat wrs, specifically available in the 3rd round?
Through the trees, the red tips of the Lake Mohonk Mountain House come into view.
if the reports are true, i guess i best start using google+ more often! :)
If you are one of Zappos' 24 million customers, you might want to change your password. There was a security threat.
just killed it at showcase!
Brewing a lighter version of our Irish Amber Ale for the lightweights... And bottled some AA, our good ole American Ale.
One day I was walking by with a Walkman on..
screw everyone and come to Baylor
"Girls never suggests that a smoothly pleasant sex life is something worthy of serious aspiration"
What will it take to get some #Crew96 news on the airwaves during local news?
MODERN DEFINITIONS... DIVORCE: Future Tense of Marriage
Eating at cracker barrel
Big shout out to our new followers , and Getting us over the 250 Followers mark.
The best educational academy is a motherhood, happy mothers day!!!!!
text me when you can. I'm a wreck
..tell me about it, damn!
I'm drinking like I still have samples of here.
hey better not let christa see this 😏
wisdom teeth are coming in:(
The Indians just can't seem to get anything going this afternoon.
All clothings from American Apparel We can relabel at a low price
Bourbon and cigars in the southern night.
Never make the same mistake twice
Don't start reading 's THE ASSASSIN AND THE PIRATE LORD unless you have enough time to read it straight through!
Startupism 2012 was off the hook -- cheers to for making it happen!
It's at times like these that I smile so hard and realize the joy of having you as a friend . (:
I wanna say thank you incase I don't thank you enough!
#Creepyoldmantweet Thank's for the follow!
time to get #slammed!
You Aint Never Seen Nun Till Ya Seen Ce!
Ur the perfect combo of thug intellect swag charm handsome political n southern too!
music is one of the ways to express your thoughts and feeling to the person you wanted.
Ya. I just bought myself flowers. :)
they should do a twitcam and dance like that the whole time.
it was and I won't ever do it again unless it is someone I know and would do it for. Yeah but it sucked! It was crowed and yuck
#nottrue RT : I did my #taxes all on my. own
LOL I just went to this house party last saturday & Wellington was there haha :)
1-0! wins again. Goal for Marco!
you know it.
Local: Idaho receives $23 million undergraduate program grant Idaho was awarded $23 million in federal grant funding to help more Idaho...
May 1st.time flies so fast.
56 Million People Watched Obama's Speech About The Death Of Bin Laden..Those Were The Only Ones Left With Jobs Who Could Still Afford Cable
Hey, how are you? How did everything go?
u know what? Then i'm doing it today.
Tried to reach out for you several times, dont quite understand how this works but trying again.
i can do something better but if u........... lmao ima keep that in bad thoughts
love the image
Well, let us know if there's anything we can do for you. Stop by if you're in the neighborhood!
Thank you for the letting me know- drive safely out there :)
Michael McDonald keeps on running with a bacne powered KO on
im guessing you guys arent enjoying the play, haha.
hahahahaha!! That's awesome! Well we are gonna have to have meetings for the club. Any ideas?
I wish//RT I think you made those words up...
Skaters hunting for area ice time
Do some people really not have anything better to do than walk around the mall?
Another successful spring game for the #Badgers, mostly because nobody was seriously hurt.
If thats the case every time you post is just random....
Seguindo de volta
Enjoyed your web page does your shop do mail order
We're working on creating some promotions for our members soon. Any ideas? % off for checking in on 4Sq/FB? % off for referrals? Other?
Get back on my drake mentally
You're so awesome! :)
lol all he talks abt is jb, his twitter account used to be a jb fan account.. Give jb stuff a break I agree wif my bro
As soon as someone starts telling you to be realistic..cross them off your invitation list!!!
Hi miss u so MUCHH ! xx
20 months or less :)
Oh what a bullshit day.
alright that sounds good
about to get off actually. hahaa.
Happy cinco de derby!!! Enjoy your mint juleps and margaritas!
Lol my 7 year old just asked if I was going to watch grey's amanity.
would love for you to be following me. You only have 98 you are following so how about 99 or 100 would be awesome!
netflix is my best friend
ATTENTION IS THIS THING ON.....LBS? ???
Callbacks are done, now I wait . . .
√RT Headed to Uptown lounge with it's about to get crazy!!!!!
Your past doesn’t define your future. Today is a new day. Walk in it with confidence and boldness!!
hey looking for songwriters for your artist
it's better than Gary.
Cutting this grass <<< this lil bro job
so when are they gonna make the Justice League movie?
When ego is lost, limit is lost.
Hate the taste of liquor, but I love the feel of it *shrugs*
Suggestion – Eighth, Mention something positive about the speakers who spoke before you, if there were any speakers.
We have a new flavor! Come try Chocolate Peanut Butter!
A lil late, but showed great previews of Scalar projects from and Deb Levine
See if your library has the DVDs. Getting hooked on Mad Men would be a fun post-graduation project for you.
Really ready to go home.!
Reflecting on the end of an era and came to this conclusion, I think I like Peyton Manning more than I like the Colts.
When You Think About Me Text 143 That Means I LOVE You!! xx <3
What a romantic idea. Love it. : HTML is the DNA of the web. via
I wish I could be the host of Punk'd !
i couldn't even dance with my bestie without roger jumping in
Yeah.... It was said... I'm not sure what it means.
I hate the feeling of a full stomach, why did i eat so much?, i probably just gained like 546688 pounds!
hey thanks Shadoe!!
Next time you and I will battle in SingStar!
Maybe we can meet up halfway sometime.
I don't love you, but I need you.
Is Jim Nantz's winning call going to be "Bubba-licious win"!
"Your statement is ready" is my least favorite email subject line! :(
second guessing <<
I'm fine but my pussys finer ツ
OK, I'm embarrassed to admit. I have no idea what "derp" refers to.
cool! Thanks so much
"I gave her my other credit card, but by the time she swiped it was too late…sorry father."-
fun idea :D i've always wanted to go kickboxing!!
do you ever do fan meetup things at the mall or something? cause i live in austin & if my friend met you she would die [:
Good morning #twitfam The condensation on my window pane tells me the days is already brightening up ;D
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 68
RT MadiSimon12 People who use others for their money <<<<
Coconut greek yogurt and coconut water were purchased in my house today
this family member was able to confirm my census findings, and found out more info about my gg grandfather... #genealogy is so worthwhile..
Thanks -- It is nice to meet you too!
Home sweet home
Sorry for the technical difficulties tonight guys. One day soon we'll have proper working equipment!
Sit yo ass down.
Be ready to leave at 3
Men in uniform are so hot.
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 49
going to get my hair done!
Need to create 5 new videos before Memorial Day to promote my art for the 2012 #Atlanta #Jazz #Festival in
girl be standing beside me right now!
Great article in #Forbes today re "Stop Selling" Bravo!
Sorry, couldnt resist taking that out of context.
it's gets noticed a lot-- what you say!! ?
you are so much better and drawing on that game than me! Tell me your secret! Your lobster was so cute haha!
So proud of my boys!
Sometimes life just really sucks.
I need to find a summer job. If anybody knows anyone that's willing to hire 16 year olds please let me know..
I had 2 acquaintances say something 2 me about drinking beer within a few minutes. I wasn't drinking but it's how they said it.
I'm not slowing down.
um that is def the new nickname for the ravens, i really hope that sticks
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. - Lao Tzu
Its probably time for me to get new Sperrys when i cant even tell what color mine were originally
Going to chuck e cheese. Just for the heck of it and today's my friends birthday so were gonna go there. Be jealous
haha nono i'm going back to bed (;
Heading to the tooth doctor for some routine construction
Ha! MT If you're watching CNN Obama just said he supports same-sex marriage. If you're watching FOX he just made it mandatory
A beautiful day for writing!!! I get an entire week to actually do just that. Makes me feel like a million bucks.
Okay, so one day, before thanks giving we were given homework, and I didn't do it. So the Tuesday it was do and the teacher asked me wher...
Im not happy for you at all..... In fact i feel bad for you .... Goodluck you'll need it KIDdo.
Another gorgeous day on the Bay at One Union Recording Studios!
Is everyone else refreshing Twitter constantly hoping for the #Braun decision?
shut up hahaha.
So mad! I couldn't see the midnight premier of #projectx! Ah
#Dodgers lose 6-2 against the
I can now ask for Kaopectate in seven different languages
RT : but if there's a team to cheer for, that's Boston.
What's your go to track to get you through a rough day?
the best
Any of my followers in south beach tonight?
best thing I've heard about Feb 14th? If Xmas can overrun thanksgiving & even Halloween, why can't St. Pat's over run this Hallmark Holiday?
Unfortunately your email info didn't go through. Would you please DM us your email address ASAP? Thank you!
It's Sarah Michelle Gellar! Bring Back Ringer
I wanna go zip lining
A 5th grader just told me she enjoys the , I feel good there is still hope in our young people.
your welcome ^_^
Someone come make me lunch
Congrats to Manchester City and their fans for capping the Premier League's version of Game 162 with a long-awaited crown.
thanks, was going to mention that the 1st link didn't work.
I love you like a love song(;
May the Fourth be with you!
Spent the afternoon checking out the Tim Burton exhibit at LACMA.... it was really crowded but an excellent show
When using a camera with an LCD, be aware it has a brightness setting. Check it if your pictures are turning out too light or dark.
RT : Go see the first three floors of the Moore building #DesignDistrict amazing!!
naa i wish the worst for you, for causing problems with my relationship, ruining my life, ruining friendships, you just deserve the worst.
Interesting paper, where'd you find it?
At Cantor Fitzgerald....
You're featured a few times :)
This is not the America we used to know. So sad...
Tools Programmer - North West If you can demonstrate please get in touch. Passion and aptitude for timely delivery of effective tools and…
good luck tomorrow!!!!!
There's a reason I enjoy you so much on First Take ... and I was reminded of it today. That was just like a bad faculty meeting.
I could go for a right about now! been craving one for days
Twitter is adding item level content from any Amazon link. And Amex app will load discount if you use a hash tag.
There's a reason for the end. It goes back to who the Cop represents. Thx for watching! We'll def sign up for the contest!
I thought this only happens in the movies
that you are. Happy for you, and a lil jealous. #formerrockstar ;)
It's easy to love the lovable- its the unlovable we should reach out to😊💚
happy belated birthday young man!
RT: The main reason I'm glad it's not 1997 is Sugar Ray.
- wasn't me but thats a damn good idea.
it's so disappointing that u sent a guy out on a Sun to set my service up & he couldn't. Now I can't get anything for 3-5 days. Sux
Happy World Peace Day! Maybe if more people around the world did musicals, there would be more peace!
SHOES,SHOES AND MORE SHOES COME IN TO CITY GEAR DERBY HERE!!! ROUNDHOUSE ADIDAS,SHELLTOE ADIDAS, AND MUCH MORE
#WhenBlackPeoplePlayMonopoly They always get mad and the board ends up getting flipped over.
but 4 years ago, I used the same brand of hair and went swimming and things were fine. I'm convince the quality is falling
I thank everyone that is praying for me, the devil wants me destroyed, but the angels have my back.
I understand.. How it's hard in the beginning.It will Always be easier said than done.You'll be fine. You're a big boy! Lol
Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius?
Worked on a project today that required 6 different colored highlighers (for organizational purposes, of course). Gotta love PR!
So do something
LMFAOOO called me a "Twin-Tower". XD I'm not THAT tall.
work hard for what you want in life the harder you work the better life will be Hard work pays off so we takes no days off
Happy new ipad release day!
My grandson won me a down Packer jacket on ebay for just $25! It’s NWT (that means New With Tags). I can hardly believe my luck!
that's awesome Katelyn!! Keep up the hard work! You'll make it far in life!
Butt in chair, head down, fingers flying.
was that u with you crying on.my..voicemail last night? Hahahahaha
Yep. 1878. Crumbly old journals, yo. Gotta love 'em.
aw how sweet
hahaha me too! :)
look for 50% off your next invoice! Thanks for the business.
,I am doing lot better now, thanks,stay Blessed
good morning everyone. ready to tackle the day :)
Tired of paying too much? We save you #money on your insurance through
It has been a while... You can still download our EP for free www.historyrepeats.bandcamp.com download the entire EP you get a bonus track!
Thank GOD that was a dream. Every woken up like that? I just did.
Be Careful What you ask for; it may just Consume you.
TRUTH! "You have to have confidence in your ability, and then be tough enough to follow through." - Rosalynn Carter
the enemies primary deception is to use friends and even spokesmen for God to talk you out of carrying your cross (Mt 16:22-23).
are you going to update your keeper rankings at end of year or wait till beginning of next? thanks
I love the new shirts! I'll add them to my stack of "I plead the FIF" shirts!
So all you need to do to have a reporter like want to talk to you is to sit near ? What a joke.
Haha sorry to bum you out, but I wasn't on that record. I was on the following record "New Again"
hack-athon project? create utility 2map how tweet(s) go thru dictionary & lead to influence topics - if only I cld code :-)
Stick Just Called -.-
I AM ON SOME SHE-HULK SHIT TODAY! LET'S GO!!!! SMASH, FUCKERS!!!!
its true ! I learned that
Video conference with India. Kind of dragging now, but it was totally worth it this morning!
can really help with business networking...
Hey LADY! I miss seein' you, and yes, outing required VERY soon! How you doin'?
also don't forget to follow , and our rad manager
I hate acronyms with every part of my soul. If you don't KNOW that I know your stupid acronym, TYPE IT THE FUCK OUT
get up and dust off your shoulders. it happens to the best of us.
Hard reset or connect it via ethernet and check for updates. That should help connection issues in the meantime.
good numbers for uk game.
Watch likemind on BlogTV.com Friday morning, 3/28 - watch Twitter and Facebook for URL!
c'mon man you gotta rep yo shat!!! We don't watch time time watches us!!!
the music students had a fun reference assignment last week that brought back memories of my LIS 'Search and Seiz(ure)' exercises.
Willie O'Ree Lives!!!
Alright, second job interview completed. I am not sure it went as well, but I am completely unable to read phone interviews.
it was so much fun! Can't wait to see you guys again soon! Much sooner!
The video of Chris Bosh punking Lebron's interview is fucking hilarious.
It's tine for a game of would you rather. Would you rather saw off your pinky finger, or chew on broken glass for 15 minutes?
Gimme a Boyd Cherry #GreyGoose Special - #WTF RT : Late night at the 21st visiting with and
i was asking...but i have a feeling that everyones gonna play..i see ur a fan of new york teams..
Well I don't know about accurate....
RT : Speaking this afternoon in Da Town 's home grown<----got ya strap!!"
Need suggestions for a laid-back, budget-friendly vacation spot for November.
definitely. Now he can draft himself a hefty DT with that pick. Andy loves the big guys.
Aww, Happy Birthday!
#valkilmer...he is the bottle on the top shelf.
"There used to be certain words you couldn’t say in front of a girl; now you can say them, but you can’t say “girl” – Tom Lehrer
2011 is going to be a great year for me. I think I will get to follow me this year. YAY!
if I was a rock star or a movie star or someone that wants to look effing amazing...you're the one to make it happend.
lol damn i aint know that
And we were joined by the TWU Local One Hundred
The Los Angeles ripper is finishing up with sound post work.
Since when r u not allowed 2 share a sub at ? And then told if I share I can't refill it? Def NOT subway policy
Waiting for the supermoon to rise over the trees.... Another hour or two.
I know what you did last summer ....
awesome photos
“You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose." -Dr. Seuss
I like Austin. Loooool. (:
Best #ValentinesDay tip to save a lil cash! Stay in & make ur own drinks: Mix apple juice w/ alka seltzer & u got urself champagne! (#Conan)
It's so hard though!
Uthoff's meeting with Justin Doherty is over: "I had my meeting but what was discussed is confidential," he said.
lets collaborate sometime.
Delay of game.
We were curious what everyone else used, so we can use terms people understand, not just industry folks
Thanks for the #FF. Have a great weekend.
Another member has gone home to be with the Lord....my God!
you should go to the veggie grill ... sunset n crescent heights.. fabulous
yoooooo dude dm me your num I got a new number and need to finish this gypsy bitch on my arm
New blog post on art storage project coming soon; look for clever, economical ways to safeguard your art
I'm feeling some type of way today... :-/
Finally have an excuse to write about my favorite YouTube genre, cigarette request erotica. Thanks, history of media theory class.
does mommy? :3
I can't believe I'm missing the #Yankees #HomeOpener today. Go #Yanks!
Sometimes it's fun to pretend you're on the road. So I'm working from a cafe a few exits outta town. White line fever! LOL.
thanks, Jack! Cheers.
thanks for the helpout though. Auto-reboot is no longer enabled on my computer.
Watching Phineas & Ferb with the little one. Love this cartoon
yeah he is, he's like the dude in the big lebowski. I'm counting on it.
follow me plz
Hey buddy. :)
": RETWEET IF YOU WANT A FOLLOW BACK AND HUGE SHOUT OUT FROM ME!!! [Did&FollowingBothPages]
Judge Hearndon says god is not magician. Idea that must be miracle is wrong headed
watchin the blind side with Trent. <3
Looking forward to checking out the new #FCPX update. Seems to be addressing many of the concerns I had...
I had Rangers in 6 over Yankees, but didn't tell anyone! Just to be safe, let me send this out to the interwebs: Rangers in 5 v. SF.
banana bread is in th oven hopin it does not run over it will B close lol
Good to see you back man, I hope all is well buddy! I sent you some emails too a few months ago
tomorrow, i will cry.
Athletic Vs Athletico 0-1 sad about it, but the match is already in game!! Aupa Athletic!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ;)
Should driving with "FIDO" on your lap be outlawed in the State of New Mexico?? Rhode Island is trying to do it. What you say? Tune...
You always were a smart cookie.
drop it like it's hot. drop it like it's hot.
Do dogs have nightmares?
can you record the sound for us to compare? I kinda want opinions on r's yelling.
“: That one follower you wish you could fuck.” AGAIN!
Thank you Caroline :)
Omg Kevin <3 you are hilarious. Laughing Out Loud!
Woke up from my nap thinking it was tomorrow...
Early morning #Crossfit because we're signing the lease and starting to move in to our new #townhome later today!
Looking forward to the show tonight at Staller Center for the Arts at SUNY-Stony Brook!
Happy to be shooting on a sound stage this week after a 10 day shoot in rain and mud. Goodbye Seattle, Hello Los Angeles!
LUCKY! No more braces for you.(: too bad im still a braceface. .-.
I think it's funny that you guys tweet about us so much!
thanks for tweeting about
I enjoy reading this because I picture a fish bluff catching you and you rage tweeting in the parking lot.
it sunny in daytona :) yay that mean we gonna get all 200 lap in oh yeah! go kevin harvick and whole rcr team!
people should be able to learn about engineering and practical science alongside textual history and literature?
Hey Bianca !:D
But I just want someone to love me as much as Kanye loves Kanye tho... *Ye shrugs*
‎#menage Mondays #two girls are better than one #atl #live #tonite #atlanta #good #food #alcohol + $5 wings & fries
Nah. Our tailgate is located on the grass along the tennis center. No parking lot for us.
The Girl with the Tintin Tattoo - A mysterious girl with no eyebrows becomes computer animated and runs around the country while pouting.
Glad to help! RT People are already finding their coupons for Need-A-Nerd? Computer Service! Thank you Valpak!
literally in two days time I've made 2 huge decisions on situations that have been up in the air for + years
Way to blunted to sleep
RT : Yes, I am an groupie, but it's because I know better than best.
“: cool got it ! Email me ” will do check in the morning
Today is a lazy day for me (x
Thanks for the support. See you tomorrow!
I could never hate you..
The jury has reached a verdict in the sanity phase of the Brendan O'Rourke school shooter case. It will be read at 10:30 in Vista.
So many things to do today. >.<
Nice! Who do you currently use?
ostrich...emu...kiwi...penguin? Although people do east ostrich.
yea whipping these bitches into shape tomorrow.
spoonful of peanut butter with Ghirardelli dark choc chips
The side by side photo I have tweeted today shows a comparison of Winter's tank live as it broadcasted today 4/15 compared to Sept. video.
Like John Wayne said: There is people at the head of charities getting the most of the money. While the cause gets little help and money!
That's what flasks are for. :)
Sent nephews down a steep hill in a wagon with a long rope tied to the back for a break. Its what uncles do right?
i love your pet cow Mo
I think he would too. RT : I'd bet he'd pay 30% if asked to
Nothing more frustrating than playing your A game and consistently being ass raped by ridiculous online beats!
Ahh that's a good one! :)
A few of the photos from a lovely wedding at Hotel Parq Central are posted on my blog
Hands down, Cuban and Mavs r payin these refs!!!
McConnell told CNN that there is ageement on lenght: "We're going to pass a short-term continuing resolution over into March."
Yes have to tell u all about SanFran trip my husband just took! He was called unexpectedly, just got back today! Will fill u in!
Get your Mid Week Salsa fix at Lalo's UIC Tropical Wednesday. Salsa the way it was meant to be! Music by DJ Double O. www.onqnites.com
OWS:Exposing evil but at the same time persuading the adversary and keeping the peace.Those three are tough to balance.
If Lee wins. I will start a riot. El Paso will burn to the ground. You've been warned!
Another long, busy day 🚥
west village one is better. Less crowded.
RT : happy birthday! :]>>>Thanks so much, Kerri!
So surprised it wasn't COLDER! : in DC April only 1.5º milder than March #dcwx many cities April cooler than March
Thank you for a great Blog Break. Everyone enjoyed new information about blogging and the interaction.
You can still enjoy the basketball games this weekend with a big slice of Sal's Pizza. Find your coupon in the paper today!
Worth a look ": Checking out the #NationBuilder webinar with There's another one Tuesday, worth a look!"
Why must we create a new website for EVERYTHING...
I don't watch tv much but when I do, it's Chopped.
my phone is randomly unfollowing people! At least im making it right and following the people back again!
God bless all the brave souls of the men and women of 9/11. You're in the hearts and prayers of every American out there.
I put that I'm in Jacksonivlle, FL, because I'm here right now. I suspect I will be in Brooklyn, NY in a few days.
Listening to the thunder and rain.
Before you go, Could you love me just a little bit more, 1 more time.
Friday Night is alright!!! Come on Down! Jimmy is at the bar!!
im very well thanks.. why you ask?
“: I'll let him know, but I doubt he'll come. He can't get comfortable in the car.” I will fireman carry him
I wonder if he knows he's all I think about at night?
That's where I would have been in the 60s
Georgia bugs are so disrespectful.
please follow me
I had no idea that existed. That's awesome!
This why I don't gamble :)
Thanks for following us on Olioboard, Stacy! Love your work, seasonal changes, and that you also hail from our home state : )
Lol hey Soule!!! Yeah I'm on here from time to time how you been?
Ha ha ha! I need someone to help with 3am diaper changes! ;-)
There are some really pretty ladies here tonight. Way to go Jess!
getting these Akron Zoo kids lined up for you! Super stoked for this!
Aww I didn't see ur tweet, I don't have twitter on my phone,looked at friends but u was gone:( y'all were AWESOME! GREAT NITE
SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG SWAG!
I'm getting high just to fight the low. Cause its all I know
I'll probably put a trimmed-down free version out at some point after the next release (more features coming eventually).
So nice to be in
#Oscar nominations are kind of blah this year. True film lovers would have nominated Melancholia no matter how bizarre Lars von Trier is.
Brewer game for Lindseys birthday and to celebrate the life of the Macho Man Randy Savage.
Yafeh nefesh -- learn about this term today at 1 pm Public radio listeners: A lifelong love of learning
club butter best club in charlotte by far #clt last nite was ridic
time to work the streets...
it's ok babe, I know you're scared to express your true feelings. Shit, I am too!
no it's just teresa
lemmme find it(:
Up for role on Royal Pains today. Drop offs to several recently met CD's and a meet w a director for some fight choreography. Luv a busy day
How did your gig go last nite @ the Holiday Inn?
yes. maybe next week? we should design it pretty.
I wish would do a show about students in debt. $60,000 and counting, and I'm only 20. A senior in college, I'm not the only.
Naps are amazing <3
Summer Hours. Library GRIND open May 29th 8am-5pm.
Look, I den vented, ate some good pizza, rubbed one out, went to sleep woke up to the sun shining. And I still hate Cj Watson
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!21
Goodnight World<3 :)
Stephen, are you the new EIC of STL magazine?
theres a special place in hell for those two motherfuckers
I like to party, so I like my Jesus to party
To the Mom in NH-ask Gov Perry yourself!! Don't put your child up to it! How #cowardly can one be??
Looks like another long night of work ahead of me,glad business is going so well, anyone need help marketing your website
The beginning of the end of AIDS starts with you. #(Red)
am. Find a good shop. I'm getting another too.
SHE'S SO INDECISIVE.
Little Nicky Raccoon was assaulted!? I hope he is alright! But you cant blame Yuna, he smells of cherries! I'd have bit him!
Be boundless. "Don't go with the flow, you are the flow." -Sugi Tanaka
just got bitched up by my eye doctor at least i got new cute glasses
Reat babyshower Nadine and Jonathan! Love my friends and they expending :)
": I wish I could trade my heart for another liver... so I could drink more, and care less."<<<I think we are soul-mates?
RT Mariano Rivera is the man! Sad for him. Hope he comes back.
I think Im going to get my husband a city jerk membership for our anniversarylol I'd give anything to see a straight mans face ashe walkedin
Yeah... it's still pretty sad. WiFi needs to be ubiquitous at conferences.
"I'm giving you Fox 5 REALNESS."
(not so random, it's Chance, he just hasn't come up here in a while so i'm surprised he made the trip up. all those stairs are hard on him)
Beyond skid marks...tar marks.
Yes the unisex is a little hard. AA is pretty consistent. Run a bit smaller.
I once asked my dad why we didn't build a cloud city on Jupiter (like in Empire). He looked at me like was a genius but stone cold nuts.
Up with the sun again, off to a breakfast with GOP Committeemen. Beautiful day - House to House TO THE HOUSE!
life's short!
Afternoon, young world.
Silence is one of the hardest arguments to refute - Josh Billings
;) you're cute
In Nova Scotia, a regional magazine went for something more permanent than a day-long event… like “bricks-and-mortar” permanent
Omg hate thunder!
Don't wait too long! Oil changes are very important for your engine.
#HappyMothersDay to all the ladies out there who not only GIVE life but make LIFE worth living.
don't give up. Stay Hongry!!! lol
Do the editing of the video. The movie you make will get you to Spike Lee.
brb. gonna go tend da rabbits w. george.
Well, it looks like I won't be staying up late to see how this game ends. It's over already.
I think it pretty much does, but then he knows who Journey is, so . . .
Was it for Literature by Women of Color?
Charity begins at home.
Once again, my life has spun completely out of control.
I could #squeezelife much easier if you sold this stuff by the barrel :D
When establishing your bankroll, stay within your means.
That's the spirit bro.. but I'm thinking a lot of you are stuck in "fan purgatory" for this series.
Anyone have that Fighting Bob quote used at turn-in celebration last night? I'd love to have the whole thing.
OMG that's beautiful !!
Hey wanna make my night and follow me? :) It's been a long day of recovering from the flu and I need a boost!
Thanks for being so nice to me, and for spreading the word!
My Christmas Gift is to see my Autistic Students smile as they succeeded in a feat!
I don't wanna be that girl.
How does this man not know that he smells like an onions bastard child
Wellington Call Me Maybe ? Saw you twice this year !! <3 you guys 469 233 0512
Check out Live at Mossy Volkswagen’s 1st Anniversary Party this weekend feb 19 & 20 from 1pm-3pm.
Don't know what to do.
and I need 8 servings a day...
Growing my beard back!
Lets go Celtics
FINALLY my apartments have #GAC!!
Freshman year was great but I'm ready to be more involved on campus now that I've figured out what I'm doing.
My Gods not dead He's surely alive!! #Easter isn't about the bunny! No It's about God,Sending his son to die for us to save us
oh. my. gosh. I LOVE IT! Emmie, Laikyn, and Knox ❤
I love seeing you walking around but the minute youre out of my sight I pray you trip and fall
At statewide #bagbill hearing (SB511) Sen. Montgomery wonders why its such a big deal to bring a bag?
High #school math will be the #death of me #algebra #sucks for #parents too
Thanks, Jamie!
Sorry I haven't been able to get on and say hello to all of y'all lately! Been working a lot:/
everywhere n back but I just can't remember it all wat am I doing wat I'm a dong I'm living life rite now n this is Wah im a fo til its over
I love you wifey!!
why don't you have to go to school?
Sometimes you realize you spent a week destroying your body and you need to sit in a fixed position and not move except to eat scoops
Has your church sponsored or supported a church plant?
u silly..lmao
So that's what you and Bianca were talking about...?
official showcase for Thursday night, need to get on some day parties, after parties, etc. any leads would be helpful!
Will they be burned by museum tower too? MT: So cute we can't stand it ... See pics of 's mother duck & 9 chicks
Lol so easy to cheat in spanish
I'm the same. I used to get myself in trouble.
Might be catching some trains later, but we'll see for when they show up
Clickbank Secret - Clickbank Wealth Fortune Formula
I choked on my water a little. 's timeline is killing me.
Lol. Fish is playing above the rim according to my friend Brian in the game, fish made quads for a 30k pot, in total steamroll mode
I did the same thing. Did college after. Then majored in English like a genius.
On my way to SUNY Cobleskill/Oneonta for a little boys nite out/college reunion. I brought the advil and gatoraide
LJSchwartz says: WHY ARE YOU AFRAID OF SUCCESS?
Something fundamental & powerful abt the message "everyone is doing it". Social norms influence individual behavior
Lmao no +k for me?? Hahaha
nope :( have you ?
you need to calm down and stop tweeting so much! My timeline is going crazy..
"instead of creating jobs, they have launched a war on women" - Sen. Maria Cantwell. Great to see EL wmn fighting back.
Just woke up on the couch really confused. Must of passed out after using all of my brain power to soak up soccer knowledge.
In yer dreamz! Boom! No seriously, great stuff. Cheers to all.
I'll call you in the am. Congrats on the win bro.
ive said before theres only 3 appropriate answers to 'would yu eat her ass out?' ... yes, no, and fresh out the shower
just cooling at the moment about to smoke some
The kind of asshole that owns a plane.
Thank you! and returning a HUGE SHOUT OUT to
what's the addy?
The VAN PARTY!!! That tops everything in my mind!
CAN I GET ANODDA DONUT?
Now you tell me what sense that make
Tonight the official low low car show after party goes down inside #GBar!!! Don't miss out...
yes!! Who you cheering for today??
I'm blowing your feed up today! Less than an hour countdown left until it's #Tiger #Woods time! Let me know what you think he'll shoot
I was wondering if Joss is on Twitter, or if you knew how one might get a note to him?
just sent in an email about endorsement! Hoping to rep arkaik soon!!
Be entered to win a free nights stay at the SpringHill Suites! Don't forget to RETWEET our tweet!! Good Luch!
The truth is incontrovertible, malice may attack it, ignorance may deride it, but in the end; there it is.
Hm, maybe the Matt Joyce for Edwin Jackson swap in 2009 wasn't such a blowout in the Tigers' favor ... damn!
perfect dinner and now let's celebrate the new year! Xo
Oh, cool.
listening to lil wayne
I'M IN THE HOV LANE
I'm in my whiny mood. I'm forever alone. ahahaha. ahem. true story.
I can't now either Derek and I are going to a party and I gotta get ready but I'll fill you in tomorrow
Still went and got even sicker. Yeah. I'm the ungrateful bitch. If I do it again you'll hit me? Wtf. Sorry im exhausted and wanted 2 be home
This Friday 12/16, drop by Someday Lounge for the Epic WINter Formal, brought to you by ! We're bringing games!...
WHAT! WHERE'S MY INVITE! lmao
Houston apartments opening up in the renovated Heights area this week.
make a soufflé
Thank you and for giving me a voice this morning! So inspired and touched by the episode & the emotion!
I've got a justin.b 2012 calender and now that some months have been I'm wondering if ishould cut them out or wait till dec RT if ishould nw
Big Announcement Tomorrow Going to be Huge...............Specyphi What you Believe............
i am solving this right now!
#YehudaBauer at "no precedent in human history for nazi ideological killing" but it's moral imperative to prevent
Avengers with and twitterless adam:)
it should keep that same letter everytime u plug it in.
that's not as bad as going after unsweetened baking chocolate.
Quote from language craft teacher about using supplement websites to learn grammer "its too dangerous"
Do you check out parlors beforehand to make sure they're clean?
listen buttface ur the ugliest person here
At the ER! Worst ear infection ever....
"A few moments later, The BBC showed video of a man covered in what looked like the filling of a pie in the custody of a police officer."
Squeeeee!!! Back. That is awesome. I hope there are many sightings of it at the cons.
Hi.....u r really hot....i need followers...will u plz follow me...btw i folow u 2...il b glad if a hot grl lyk u follow me
Great memories of #Buffalo! RT “: Congrats to Pearl St: their Summer Ale won People's Choice!”
Thanks for sharing our coupon with your followers ! Have you tried our cereal before?
great meeting you. Let's enjoy a cocktail this evening!
What rumor? Your link didn't work.
Wear short sleeves & Support your right to bare arms!
Is it Wednesday yet?
suffering is not an option. I'm suffering looking @ my frowning accountant
Music is 50% of any film. Keeping the score in mind through production can be very helpful
grilled cheese and kool aid :)
: that's good, b/c i just got my #void card ^_^ yay!!! let's "shoot"
I'm spending my evening steaming veggies like a hippie.
hm..im thinking...Next to you??
Going bed I text every one about to go sleep nite
just waking up lub u homie send ne the pic of me and nova you took last night
Nope. The guys signing the contract aren't Omar.
Nexflix is unavailable....ah! Guess that means I should pick up the house instead. Bummer!
Can't wait to see!
Thanks Jud!! Will try to come soon
Glad I caught the last 3 minutes of that game.
Stand Out is unavailable on ! Bummer! Gimme a second fave track from that soundtrack :)
Friends: Have a dog? Interested in joining me for Pups at the Park at Pk Sat? I have 2 tix (1 human & 1 dog) -- message me pls!
K-WASH AKA "THE BUBBLE JACKET" IS BACK!!
The Clippers assistant coach played the father on Family Ties.
tht was bad. Gotta get one but the suck at free throws
I Just Love How My Phone Randomly Dies When Somebody Calls Me!!. (-.-)
Reminds me of a certain Seinfeld episode...
The good news is 6 fish populations were declared rebuilt. Bad news: 14% of stocks are subject to overfishing, and 21% are overfished.
I want to know who WaPo is calling for these polls? Are they calling predominantly leaning repubs?
Thanks Shadyside Little League, great turn out for your baseball awards last night in the Ballroom! It was standing room only!!!
My music in the streets right now.. Ya baby momma car, living room, ya cousin house, ya guy studio, etc..I wouldnt have it no other way!
good what happened up all night ?
Houston Texans waive wide receiver Jacoby Jones after 5 seasons, just 31 catches in 2011
Monday Night Football! Who do you have winning tonight? Colts or Bucs?
Good Morning :-)
“The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not.”
Mike Wallace RIP
I FEEL THE EARTH, MOVE, UNDER MY FEET!!! - That was some
I know! Only the blah "retweet"...
what I want to know is: how do you make a 1-D flick 3-D? Maybe they'll at least shorten it....
Getting hit on by a new client who saw my staff picture on my company's website...should I be flattered or creeped out?
8 at night right?
Happy Birthday to one of the baddest bassers I know, !
don't drink too hard.
Hey San Fran! Come get some of our prints, tees, stationery and other goodies at today & tomorrow!!!
I do too. I hate closing cause it feels like my whole day is dedicated to work. I wake up, go to work, come home, sleep...
I hope they make Mass Effect 4 and chronicle the crippling depression that sets in when Shepard realizes his career has peaked already
You done seen me at my best, seen me at my worst, so when this shit ends, know it's gone hurt.
no it was pure passion
I don't think it's officially launched in the US yet! I finally gave into premium! It's great for roadtrips!
all that said, blks (by and large) do vote against their own interests when they support gay marriage bans.
I hate when the person that's recording the fight never holds the camera straight and then post,it on
Playing your game and wining your championship is no easy task and Monday mornings have a way of forcing us to do the proverbial
I will work with anybody so long as we are both building our dreams.
Don't forget bachelor & bachelorette reality shows.
": When somebody says you've changed, it's only because you stopped living your life their way."
My mom was the first female member of the Airmen of Note. I did not realize this. :)
I'll happily take a dose of ePDA when the IRL you isn't available <3 And the bloggers can blog on as they please
Come talk to us!
yeah, there is 4g.. There is also bogieG it's huge!
You sound madd lol at who?
I really really like Burn it down by linkin park. 
stop what?!?
It was on Still not a fan of her life decisions.
Hey, thanks for following!
I Anit Been Tweetin Like I Do.
you're very welcome! thanks for doing what you do!
I said NOT a hoe bag lol
I would like to learn more if thats ok with you.
It's a truth universally acknowledged that one's self importance is based upon number of ribbons attached to one's conf badge.
Follow youre dreams. did and look where it got him :)
a buddy made it for me. No I've been there 6 or 7 months now
Rene is pretty 😭
That is the true issue.
Is Guardiola mental playing that formation against Chelsea? Hmm....I originally went for 4-0 Barca this leg but they might be too attacking
Catching up on So good!
my pinky falling asleep >_<
Hey check it out! I'm texting while bicyc
Just stopped by Echo Park Time Travel Mart to pick up a few #LA literary maps. Incredible. If you read in this town, you need them.
If your family or your friends are looking for Christmas or Holiday Greeting Cards, now is the time to do them! Send them to my website!!!
heck yea girl! Early bed time for the kiddo! Lol
Remember that it is far better to follow well than to lead indifferently
So much code
RT : Heads up Prince Eric, Aladdin, Peter Pan & other Disney leading men. If Roethlisberger wins he's coming for your ladies
Google Co-Founder Sergey Brin Caught Wearing Google Glasses
Any specials or events this week? We'd love to pass them along to our residents!
That sucks. I am sorry to hear that.
Nobody has a perfect life. Everybody has their own problems. Some people just know how to deal with it in a perfect way.
WooHoo! RT GoTime\'s Happy Hours app is quite good (on iPhone and BB also)
It's important to stay positive in life and be thankful for everything you have! ►T.R.
I've been out of the shower for like 20 minutes, and just now putting on boxers!!!
thanks so much guys!
Who cares? The is talking about Mexicans! RT : guess time - where will the network news broadcasts begin tonight?
Shawty give me all tht brain and still ain't learned shit
Saw that too. Very bright. Was out fishing until past dark. Beautiful evening.
who in the hell left the gate open! Lol
"I miss you a little, I guess you could say, a little too much, a little too often, and a little more each day"..<\3
what should i name my nipple?
I like the Zooey D ad...don't think it's elitist, do you? She's just so cute!
first it'z facebook thugg'n now it'z twitter jack'n Lmao yall trip me out
Your liver called! ...it's wants a Delicious Detox :D
Hope you feel better.
The dread of death follows from the dread of life. A person who lives completely is prepared to die at any time.
#FF - thank you for your shout outs!
The Republican plan to trash Medicare is becoming THE issue in the race to replace Chris Lee. Watch this race! Dems can pull an upset!
Dr Hoffer apparently stole my idea, and think its funny, that's not funny!!
amen..gloria a Dios..
That's THE question. RT : how do visitors want to interact with museum exhibits?
RT : I'd use the Liquify tool to lose 20 pounds ;-) > Make that 40!
Sitting in the council room by yourself for an hour <
heck yeah! i'm excited for tomorrow!
A video camera? Really? You piece of shit.
OMG ikr? if she doesnt tell her mom i swear i will
With production company acquisitions, YouTube Live, and now YouTube movie rentals, Google's assault on the living room could be shaping up.
“: - taking the spoiled brat to the festival 😁” don't talk about Mani! Lol
sending help! I'm in Pittsburgh! Send directions from Fox Chapel!
Made some album art choices today. Did I mention we're releasing music next month? An EP... Free with admission to the Dec. 11th show.
at least we were never rejected!
The rain is messing my TV up! I'm starting to hate Direct tv but I have CNN live on my phone! My iPhone will always come through for me!
Misread this as "Movies like Ratner."
if you say so ..
You will have to shoot me a message all about it. Let's try to Skype sometime brother
Madonna almost TEBOWED at half time during the performing of Like a prayer, and almost fell of the bleachers.
You know that feeling you get when you want to punch a bitch in the face & then you do it. What's that called? Oh yeah, an erection.
planning my documentary trip to Robertsport, Liberia. I think it's set for Nov. Going to enter in the Austin Film Festival. super stoked.
well they dont have a shirt for that ...
Best combinations: hungry, cranky, and crampy. LOVE IT!
is workout at 9 or 10am tomorrow?
Lmao! Billy Crystal is a fool..
Crankin' up the Chuck Berry as I prepare to hit King Sooper's. Nothing like a lil' Chuck Berry to clean yer slate and fuel ya up!
can you be an alcoholic if you only want one lol if that
Perhaps batterypower.co could help? US company, great pricing, free shipping and a years warranty included!
ugh alright ill find someone >.<
": It's a New Year, New opportunities will arise, all the pages are blank right now, WRITE YOUR OWN STORY."
Not that you're biased or anything RT FUN FACT: If Aceves is pitching at almost any other ballpark, Bobby V is an idiot.
#quotes What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds.
#manningmarable - gone too soon. We learned so much from you. RIP.
Got anything else good I should be listening to??
great highlights, definitely aggregate these afterward
My book isn't arriving for a while. I guess I'll wait. :)
As Joe Paterno laid in his hospital bed dying, Newt Gingrich paid him a visit to let him know that he was now a fan of Ohio State.
yo! I need to do that man..
Y'all so bada** you're making up new concepts. Everybody get their #BalletTime on!
Excited to announce that with be in Nashville this week to record with Joshua Silverberg.
If love is sweet as a flower, then my mother is that sweet flower of love.
Only the Cubs could make that play.
Why couldn't it have been convicted rapist and all-around terrible rapper/person Mystikal instead?
something that you need , sometimes want ... YOU KNOW
Hey otis, awesome! Be great to see you.
your super hot, fire hot, something like the sun in the sky.<3
Watching some Tyler Perry movies on a Sunday evening. Sounds good to me :)
Dom Irrera from Seinfeld at Helium Comedy Club this weekend!
I tell everyone I know to follow you. Ur the best, just wish I didn't for the cam scam.
For our next podcast, and I discuss marketing (good movies marketed poorly & bad movies marketed well). Any suggestions?
I sure am. This week: Wednesday or Thursday. Same next week. Any time of day will work.
Be sure to join us in the library tomorrow 12:30-1:30 for a Maker Break! We'll be creating paper snowflakes and enjoying hot chocolate.
Back to The Can...game 6 Baby!
is the most consistent artist ever. Listen to #tmmlp, shit is ridiculous!
Thank you!! I'm really excited!! That's awesome, I'm happy for you too!! I've just been finalizing all my college stuff.
Number one is doing fine, I bet your disappointed!
I'd never want psychological romance, but when Cameo's Larry Blackmon dismisses it, psychological romance seems like a dessert.
Just passed #lingarden wondering if he has a 2nd job
A secret is something you tell to one person at a time.
Music meeting for (one of my favorite days of the week)
Jacoby Ellsbury injury could be serious. May be out 2-4 months.
Also, in 1995, Toy Story, the first fully computer animated film was released.
Never to early. Champagne is the way to start.
Detox your Saturday night hangovers tomorrow in my 10am yoga class :)
updated baby registries, now ready to sleep!
How so? Would love to see that fleshed out.
If we gonna WHOOP-ASS, let me crack the first can
Friends please follow welcome to twitter
I am thoroughly addicted to my #Samsung #GalaxyS2! Technically the Epic 4G with
Really need a furry animal in my life, but lease doesn't allow it. And no, gluing fur to a turtle shell won't do it for me.
you gave been killing it recently. Love your posts. I set a colleague start on the civil war.
Love the ghetto.
Nice, I was thinking of getting a scooter! They are going great! Thanks for asking.
Best of DVD's eh? I can help. Deets?
I shall always defer to you two on matters of strength.
It's a beautiful and blessed Sunday... Enjoy what's left of the day and have a fantabulous week ahead!
It's ALA Banned Books Week: “Where they burn books, they will ultimately burn people.” Heinrich Heine (in his 1821 play "Almansor")
They do follow. $=buzz=more reviews=impression of legitimacy/worth
C'mon Chelsea!! 💙
Thanks you!
Your pizza dough went out with the mail today. Have a great Monday!
RT : Life is too short to be stressed up with those people who even don't deserve to be an issue in your life.
done with my speech. im so relieved :)
N/F followback??
and Larry Scott's success could be attributed to his experience outside the NCAA.
Good stuff
If you are a member of you get into our show FREE tonight! Come see us and laugh your face off :)
Thanks! RT : Your the best :) Can I get a retweet <-- just one click will make my day :)
yes ma'am
Lakers against Heat ...who would win!????? HEAT DUH! lol
I know the feeling. There where times at college where I thought I would start the game but coach changed his mind
incredible story to read of an entrepreneurial spirit such as this one. These kids today are amazing.
I bet Andre Beltre gave up that ball in blink
spam bots have no appreciation for irony
I Been Working On Ma Mixtape Just Going Crazy!!
Is this photo of the Gaylord in Dallas?
it's by the water tower in north park. I was a sub.. not sure if I'll play again. Good way to get in shape though!
Sitting in the Pittsburgh airport. Flight delayed an hour. Hello NHL GameCenter Mobile.
RT : When you really care about someone, their happiness matters more than yours.
no but I can it's legal now
Without spilling the beans, we have so many cool #solar products in final production and can't wait to share them with our Twitter Fans!
Happy Take Your Sons and Daughters to Work Day! Visit us and let us know how you're marking the occasion.
For those who are in the threat of all this horrendous weather coming, please have a plan of safety! Apparently it's gonna be real real bad.
i'd never get a female dog...to me all dogs are male...so i'd call it he anyways, so may as well get a male dog...
Unknown~ Most people rust out due to lack of challenge. Few people rust out due to overuse.
needs to put on slow-mo!
that would be perfect! but i'll take slightly chilly---i'm makin' cocoa!
Congrats to on getting the start and helping Dallas get a win tonight.
er... i have no clue what that is. so put me on the uncool list, too. although, i think i've always been on it. :)
Brownridge is playing VERY well!
awww...I love the bats! Enjoy!
If I had to sum up my #LOEX2012 experience in 1 word, I'd pick "inspiring." I'm looking forward to a summer of planning & reading.
We're still hiring. V. small company!
Obama supporting same sex marriage is a win. #obama2012 all the way.
This one photo has it all in one place. The family dining table -the 50's - a time of peace, prosperity and cool stuff.
Having a piece of mine premiered 4/13 (Friday) at St. Andrews Episcopal Church in Highland Park, Pittsburgh. Downbeat is at 8. Seeya there!
Did I see you racing around campus earlier today?
matts not wearing a GIANTS anything! Ha
Which one of our singles do you guys like more: "American Dictation" or "Create, Sustain"?!
Thanks for the super shoutout!
o sup
The Lovely Boners
Thanks to & the May Festival for honoring Mrs Nippert during her birthday celebrations
It doesn't feel the same right now
oh, that looks great. Thank you! Am absolutely going back for another visit and will help to get better sense of its history.
Audrey, How is your day going?
Maroon 5 doesn't hold a candle to The Beach Boys. ??? #grammys I'd expect this from NBC, but not CBS.
Up an at em for an exciting first race day with Feeling a tinge of anxiety but very much looking forward to this.
I like Finley over on 6 TD's. Think he'll have a lot of redzone looks if he can stay on the field.
NAFTA planted seeds for drug war. MT It was surreal to realize corn tortillas I bought in Mexico were made in US
Turns out it's not going to be tonight on my bday. Poor woman has been in labor for almost 30 hours.
I signed it #VerifyBrandonRoach :)
last year, Anzac day march
alpha brain is $35 and really good stuff
RT 6am coffee,cookie , shake,gonna be a perfect Fit Kit day. Brother. HH
i mean i've been in the club ;)
is the latest county to use ENR for their #election reporting online! Happy to work with you!
I think we have been seeing a sanitized image of MSNBC being 'at the protest' in NY. The protesters do not notice. Odd. Unnatural image.
Formula for my upcoming project is [global positive message + good cause/charity + viral marketing campaign = win + money + feel good]
Love the "ACID' sound!
yeah, I understand the budget thing too. Lol. I just spend all my time & energy getting sharp accurate light into the camera.
HOW SO MANY FOLLOWERS????????
waking up to an empty house though <<
Sometimes I think that this is all a dream
Recipe: Authentic Taco Truck Cinco de Mayo Pork Tacos - Washington Times
May I join you for the RA. ONE screening?
Apogee drivers, you are the suck.
I hate being cranky
well the back of a dress couple be backless/cut low so you can't wear a strapless
This sun makes me want to be out on the water. Anybody else?
Picked up pasta sheets for pumpkin ravioli tonight. Talked about the recipe at the store, might have a few people following me home tonight
We proudly serve three of Intelligentsia’s Iced Teas at Provence. If you are a tea lover, come visit us and enjoy a cup of...
yes, voluntary agreements between a buyer and seller. i'm saying right to work is reaction to previous, intrusive legislation.
"All conversations should lead back to your website." - Fitts
Been planning our exhibition opening on July 6th !
Happy birthday from a long time fan!
I need to start packing snacks like
my sister is weird
WAKE UP LAKERS!!!
Everyone Please Follow Us On Twitter
US #Spirits Volume Climbed 2.7% and Sales jumped about 4% to $19.92 billion in 2011 according to DISCUS.
Flying home now!! Yayy!!!
#4famouswords "Shut the front door."
Thanks! You too!
#RAW starts in 1 hour and 2 min. :-)
Somebody should really text me right about now
(c) get in trouble and now I have a really bad headache...ugh I hate her...
Going to a trip tomorrow at Manhattan. its going to be fun so by now, goodnight tweethearts!
Choose to see the best in others; don't allow yourself to focus on the differences & disagreements. Choose to luv no matter how different.
24 hours away.
I like that.
omg! your so god damn lucky!!
Scary cleats up slide by Myers...e-gats.
smh and u talking crazy? Tighten up sis lol
Peace to all and to all a g'nite ... :)
In the woodlands(outside H-town) Widespread Panic is going Bananas in the pavilions!
i am here! It's amazing, thank you for being so kind! I wish you were here too! xoxo
Detroit Tigers #TWlikeyou Update your Like
Thanks a lot!
what time are you heading out to Orlando?
lol you should! see you in the AM <3
Have u ever seem a fly bum chillen on the train lol
take us through the narrow door from which an endless river flows into a new body-wounded but unafraid; through JC, the passion of God. Amen
Congrats :) RT : What up #panthernation?! I'm baaaaaacckk!! 💢BOOM💢
I"m offering a free CD to anyone that recommends my page to their friends.
Thanks... blocked in many ways :)
warner bros.
Waking up at 5am should be illegal.
Critics Consensus: Battleship Is All Wet This week at the movies brings us a trio of cinematic adaptations from disparate source material
I asked; as I expected he knew of no books on mule trains either, although he was aware of their use in WWI and possibly WWII.
Baby Raises Awareness of SMA
Rümi lounge tonight no cover 21+ to drink and party!! I'll be live in the mix this one last time for a month!! Come check me out!!
When you're out at the club and you see a fly guy do the creep ahh do the creep ahh! When you wanna make friends at the ATM do the creep ahh
Ending a gorgeous long weekend at Mohonk Mountain House
"why does your tv ruin movies!?"- leonard. lol
hey i am watching you on net flex damn I didn't know you played precious?? Fucken hog
That annoying moment, when you realize someone else is using the pencil you lost.
Totally satisfied with my most recent encounter with a customer service rep. However, it was via email so I could understand the person.
#NP Baby cham ft rihanna- boom boom!
I guess there will be no Mobb Deep prostate cancer PSA like i imagined "there's a war goin' on outside no man is safe from"
Haha thats gonna be in the next chapter...but im not writing that one till later on
playing guitar on my porch while it is raining is a sublime experience.
Congrats Edgar!! RT: A second sale for at !! Go Edgar!
There is a girl that looks just like #caseyanthony in
Thanks Ashton! We're planning to come to vancouver next tour so 'stay tuned' ....
if Dolphins don't start Tannehill Day 1, they are idiots. He knows O better, Moore & Garrard are not anything special. Put him in
You really could own a piece of 'internet history' and at the same time be a part of something even greater like finding a cure for cancer!
hey every day adds up! Or so I tell myself.
Must see WCAR this summer no matter what!
Going to tour my dream college this summer: University of Pennsylvania <3
105 cappers with action posted in today's games and 3 NBA, 3 CBB, and 4 NHL consensus from their picks
Thanks for the shout out and RT! Seems we are on the same page! Here's to your success!
RT : Submitted my orders 2b the #AirForce honor guardsman at the ! So proud 2 represent all Airmen & the !
Great presentation today from Tracey at Ready, Set, Grow Marketing!
Another unfortunate side-effect of the recession: can't pay professional actors for your local commercial. Hence, the Red Rock Jewelers guy.
It's not going to fix backlog or most delays in getting patents. No one really knows how new post-grant procedures will work.
U wanna know why I ride u so much 2 show me how u feel? Its becus I luv you. Got damn. I luv u & cud really give a fuk about any1 else
I can't believe they peed on Frank White for this.
Stay hot Tyler Tyler Colvin!!!
So tired, gonna go to bed, been reading Go Ask Alice all day, so sad but so good :D
I went back and took a look at that Futurist classic - Up-Wingers by F.M. Esfandiary. The copyright is 1973. I guess the future is here.
I hate typos!
Great Birthday party this evening for my son Dylan who turned 9 years old today.
our spring twitter contest is still going, but not for long! tweet us how yoga has helped you #spring back! winner gets free tee!
I recommend the Delafield Hotel as an awesome, first class location for an event. Nancy there does a fabulous job.
started a Facebook like page, got Madame LaQueer to do an interview with me
DON'T FORGET TO BRING THE MONEY TOMORROW! As soon as you get it put it in your bag! 
for bookings and photo shoot scheduling plz contact 347-445-7275 or
Happy New Year, east coast friends!
I love Texas. One of my favorite places to go. Ink...hmm. Where and what style?
RT : Alternative fix 4 sweaty feet: sprinkle sage into ur shoes. A dash of these dry, crumbled leaves often does the trick.
Sneak Peak at tonight's set list with Sean Jones & Stefon Harris: Soul Eyes, Resolution, Dolphin Dance, Giant Steps, and more!
Love to have you taste, could you complete app at www.TasteTweet.com and I'll get you actual Taster invite info. Thx
RT The total number of private sector jobs created since became gov has once again dropped under 100k
RFT! He's too cool for us 😒“: I've been following for the longest and he don't even follow me back, smh.”
10 hr days are not fun...
I'm gonna die if I don't win Wiz tickets lol.
Don't let the snow keep you in, come out to the Black History Month College Movie TONIGHT! Student Center, 7pm, Rm 289.
it's the door to the right of center if you're coming up from
oh Obamacare did pass by the by. Remind me Of the thing u were made 2 do? Just 1 lousy thing u were made to do... "interesting"
is thrilled to be presenting "Millennials Mean Business" tonight at ! cc:
www.Web Promotion.com in an alliance with SmartGuy.com now offers your article creation and optimization where your business is the star!
turns on heater
MT : I can't wait til Mitt has to spk to the trees and thinks it's a good idea to grow the Lorax mustache. //He hired Jeff Foxworthy
"I do not see how a lady can go to heaven unless she dances" and then he dwelt on the joy of sin forgiven- the overwhelming joy.
The NIT is a time filler in the states as well. That's about its only purpose.
Was on the verge of buying tickets to Wango Tango this year. Then I realized its the same day as my brother's wedding.
I'm gonna go download it right now! Caught you in portland last year. That was a great show!
#ifwomendidnotexist a lot of these rappers wouldnt have shit to talk about
awesome. I just started #p90x it's kicking my ass. Haha
2011 will bring exciting things for my peeps, accent-wise. Lots planned. Unveiling in a few months. Have a safe New Year's Eve.
Bout to write a new song with and Shawn Christian
Mimi Kirk up next Interested to hear her live #healthy tips!
Thanks for the RT!
I'll enjoy it when this one no longer counts
Annual Conference Offering--Brazil:$100,000 teacher materials for Shade & Fresh Water & other children’s centers of Brazil Methodist Church
This is coming from the field
Walked the Red Carpet at the "New Year's Eve" Premiere alongside Josh Dumel, Hilary Swank, Katherine Heigel, etc. Mirror REFLECTION!
Ran into a nigga that had to be from Detroit....he just said what up doe.....guess he seen my tigers fitted
Thank you all very much!
i have never seen #madagascar 1 or 2...
i smell like bbq
good luck! Celebratory shots for all when we graduate!
i see you bruh nice
Now #hdsholiday, onto resolutions for 2012... ??
Yes. If you count The Beach Boys.
If pitching prospect requires long toss to get ready for a pitching outing, does it limit them to only be starters?
2 days in, sleeping schedule already messed up
yes we are!
if only life was that easy haha
Mullen's made this a game after early 5-0 hold. Columbine leads 9-7 going to 4th.
Fika: Swedish for "our line is shorter than "
An episode of Dean's List was filmed on campus on March 14. It airs today at noon. We'll post a link to the video when it's available.
If they sellout after 5-plus yrs of non-playoffs they can call themselves great fans; til then it's self-proclaimed bullshit!
Baking bananabread for the trip to nationals on saturday!
Thanks for the follow, welcome to Twitter!
Really going to miss our seniors! MT : Either playing #TheApprentice in class or acing my last ever college final
Life is a matter of SURVIVAL...one must take stock of what they have and do the best with what they have been given...WITH GRATITUDE!
Lmaoooo RT “: He so cute... *pulls up avi* ok ok if you squint he's kinda cute”
Great housing deals in South Florida from 50k to 150k you can buy homes
hey, thanks for the follow!
Mike Wallace dies he was 93 RIP Mike
Hello Mariah, I hope Nick is going to be just fine. I am a fan of you and Nick. You two will be in my prayers. Love you two
what a little tweeter!
You can take a sneak peek of ARTS NEW WEBSITE at www.areasontosurvive.org
dude that was sick! I hope you win it all.
Thanks so much!
#tennis Wozniacki makes it 4-5 in the third set with Sharapova. Sharapova serving for the set.
I love Satie. These series of pieces are truly amazing.
wut the crap everyone's been tellin me that and it REALY creeping me out and idk wut to do?!!:/ thanks for tellin me..advice needed
thanks we luv u!
Complaining about packing for LA and Vegas? Sounds like fun to me!
so sad
i strongly disagree.
Red velvet cupcakes! :D just finished baking them secs ago <3 I like baking, I really do c:
Knowing you, with no shirt on?
Frank Isola: Red Bulls&#39; glamour Galaxy tilt hamstrung by Henry injury
We're having our first #BWEChat tonight after a three week hiatus. Come by and talk about your #BWELA takeaways - tonight at 9:00 p.m. EST
and with you!
- I am following you. How weird is that? Send some good tweets!
Google sold sketchup!
How u figure?
I faithfully watch family guy at night lol
Came back to the hotel to charge my phone but the power is out..great great great
The 100 greatest runs (or working towards it) www.100greatestruns.com
That is smart. Well done!
going to pick up my monneyy(:
wtf get outta here
How great for taylor!
Big Sean is like the immature kid in 4th grade who only wants to talk about butts and poop
Thank...the......LADIES!! Popped in my head today :)
you know me to well!
I was way to sober for that #Malört shot...
Of course - Let's do another fun chat!!!
Got that Gambino jumping out the gym
Salt and pepper go to right for passing
I got #brewers #packers and #dexter all in one day
Feeling a little more normal post-Dharma Punx. We had an AMAZING guest speaker.
Your making me go then making me Stay why do you hurt me so bad?
shhh don't be a grumpy bear, they're funny!
Rosters updated online to include teams! Please check them out and don't forget to refresh your browser if you don't see them!
Working on a PRS Millenium Dragon replica!
not to mention not responding to emails or phone calls for departure updates!
This may be the one thing that changes my views on that university.
Lunch with my grandparents, I love them to death.
Generating a pdf using data rows from excel and an image as the ...
You're already special!
Let's go with #RiDe or #ride for today.
its whats underneath the mask...
First FNM tonight. General advice?
This summer better be as cool as the last
please come back
clippers will.win the series
So King of the Hill starts showing on Cartoon Network and my son says "l thought they only show cartoons." No sense of reality!
I am so enjoying our shared wedding pinterest planning! If I see cool branch pics I'll def pin them for you. :)
Wow just saw tulisa's new MUSIC video
He's just a boy who doesn't understand whats in front of him. She's just a girl who doesn't know how to let go.
The #Spalding baseball team won 3 games in today, including back-to-back wins against Apprentice, and is the World Series champion.
I mouthed "is that your girlfriend?" -_- RT : you mouthed that to me :O
I think its kind of ridiculous how i have homework.....
Just got some tour info...once things are official...we will let you know!!!
#il1011 The halflife of a skill is now 5 years.
I write that shit boy you aint know
#pancreatic cancer #advocacy day #call in - Tuesday WWW.pancan.org
Florida Under 8
ah that's annoying!
haha I'm too shy
Ha! So it was a term of endearment then! Certainly the positive way to look at it.
😳😳😳 HAHAHAHA omg I am the worst drunk texter & tweeter huh lol good thing you're so smart 😌
Eeew. LOL --> ": You have feelings for one nigga, but you're on your back getting filled in by another nigga? #FakeLoyalty"
single point :O AEX Tech Tips Episode 3: Installing a Single Point Sling Loop
I'm sitting here clueless.
hey :) still don't have any energy,fever & upper respiratory infection ..heart palpitations aka worthless lol ty for asking tho
No sleep ends up with lots of laughter
Retirement: World�s longest coffee break
it feels fucking good outside tho
It's amazing how some people build their own self esteem by pointing out flaws in other people. LOL
yea we should catch up. My next few days / weeks are nuts but could do early coffee.
your welcome (:
May the souls of the 102 people who died in the Ibadan Floods R.I.P.
RT : Don't neglect your hair, says -- ensure your locks and happy and healthy with her tips:...
What #socialmedia topics do you want to see discussed at our upcoming ROI event?
Are you working with a specific platform or just doing this on your own?
I'm so jealous! I want to go to Toronto. It's wedding season so I'm going crazy!!
sign me up :)
oh just let me know
Oh come on, Kris.
I didn't know studied theater for 4 years. You better do it! So much luv and respect.
i don't know why or how i am awake.
Chapter 2012 Page 47 of 366 Got a glimpse of my future today...looking splendid!
glad to be at the table with you IRL.
Zach Britton continues to politely decline Rick Dempsey's offers to massage his ailing shoulder. He's a smarter than I give him credit for.
That's why you need to come back to college station...
we CANT WAIT to see ya! (Bart Scott voice)
Decided to cash in those never taken lunch hrs and left work hr early for a park & blanket date with my guy. #Spring #Wheeeeeeee!
Learned on morning jog, listening to David Blight's Civil War lectures: 2 of 5 black men who fought alongside John Brown were Oberlin grads.
ahaha true true
Sounds great! and I would love to do lunch soon!
Audrey you are soo much fun to hang out with. Had a real good time watching the chipmunks last night
We're at the Red Stick Farmers Market this morning. Come take a picture with Huey Long!
But Bosh moved big guys out of there and made driving to the lane much easier my friend.
Good win tonight #Celtics Nation! Couldnt go to sleep any happier c's advance & lakers losing.... Off thiss
you know where we're at!
": Favorite Artist? Send us a link of their work! #MonaLiza" sweet and talented <3
Looking forward to NBA veteran and New Jersey Nets head coach Avery Johnson talking to our students at Iroquois tomorrow.
Motorola to launch MOTOLUXE in Canada in Q2 – PhonesTabs
Ugh Omg someone come save me.
Happy Teacher Appreciation Week! Thank you to all the incredible teachers around the world who connect young lives to culture
thank you, much appreciated
RT : Study : NYC’s standalone middle schools do worse job educating students than schools w/ K-8 under 1...
Today's playlist? 90s R&B. Wishing everyone a happy #laborday weekend from all of us here at the VAC. T-7 days until the opening!
Just got done with another rockin' awesome acting session with thanks Walker! :
It's Teacher Appreciation Weekend! Tell us about your favorite teacher on our Facebook page and Twitter
fight to protect ur dream!!!
are you sure?
Happy happy birthday you big stud!!!!!! :)
Another beautiful day to help collect signatures! Someone's looking out for #ward5se candidates! N Brookland. Call 202-800-1232 to help!
When nothing goes the way you hoped, planned, wanted... God give me strength
Anyone notice how hot Mitt Romney's sons are? I read that each successive male child is 30% more likely to be gay. Anybody know Romney fam?
Easy. Calvin Johnson. Review that Clemson game tape from his Freshman year (2004). UNBELIEVABLE!
“: The Seattle Mariners and Charlotte Bobcats should combine rosters and start playing kickball instead.”
naa its we have the most haters. Heat fans even talking shit , like I understand okc fans but everybody else can take a seat. Lol
Yes I do, mate. Clint
Love all the things you're doing to engage people in writing!
i'm craving some #teamdeathmatch (:
agreed man, he also didn't have DMAC last year...
Great conditioning workout this am. Ran a total of 2400 yds, rowed 2500 meters, and did 300 double jumps with jump rope in intervals
Each moment of a happy lover's hour is worth an age of dull and common life.
watching #coachellalive on youtube. its almost like im there...except im at home on my couch.
Tropical Storm Don turned out to be a dud here in South Texas.
"The East coast aint got no love for Snoop Dogg...? aight then..."
Single and in a relationship are just titles. Your heart determines your true relationship status.
Review: Uncharted 3...One of the best games we've ever played.
Lunch in raleigh
fact:my grandma posed as Mrs.October for Playboy in their college girl calendar when she was 21. and she jst gave me her playboy necklace :)
Why is my dad putting his bare ass in my moms face? 😣I'm blind
“Change is the watchword of progression” --Unknown
and Thanks for following
It's SO tough! I love food!
john terry!
Hey no problem :P
why is that? Curious..such a water based plant. What is the vasodilator in it?
Good morning guys n dolls, have a beautiful and nice day xoxo
I hope your day is full of beautiful surprises and your day is as wonderful as you are. "Happy Valentine’s Day"
I know he's playing with me, that's ok 'cause I've got no self-esteem.
Lex just told me to rip my friend card in half because of the bad choices I've made... currently taking applications for a new best friend!
What's your favorite color? Check this page out. very cool analysis of colors in advertising and design. See where your tastes fit!...
Women complain about premenstrual syndrome, but I think of it as the only time of the month that I can be myself
I'll need to think of a good name for it..
#PaulyDPregame so excited to watch it!!!
Woaahhhhh(; #bracesfree look at those perfect teeth :)
Me and my BFFs Kalli and Isabel are for from losers
♪Keep On Loving You - REO SpeedwagonREO Speedwagon: The Hits
YAY, you made one!!!!
Did an amazing album in music.city-Nashville yestaday w Richard Smith the great guitarist.i loved it.ut was crazy&fun but world class.lov t
: Afea, I'm @ City Hall waiting for you for our meeting today @ 3pm.
I've missed you too, my dear! I've been swamped at work so I don't get to Tweet as much as I'd like. Blessings, dear one.
Means we use must be as pure as the ends we seek.-Martin Luther King, Jr.
downtown Nashville! I legit was scared for my life. She also called me a dog fucker.
where are you guys coming from?
Ha! // RT : As texting trends upward teens will engage in telepathy.
Any change, even a change for the better, is always accompanied by drawbacks and discomforts.
Law and Order SVU (:
I need a date to ur sisters b day party in vegas, I want to hold ur hand...
It feels like Satan is breathing directly in my room, it's so fucking hot in here.
The greatest pain that comes from love is loving someone you can never have.
What the heck was LeBron doing with his tongue?
Marta says "I have a tiara on. I can't be unhappy"
i agree lol we were just seconds apart on that statement lol
that's awesome
Never underestimate the power of stupid people in large groups. (e.g. Federal Government, European Union)
TACOS TACOS TACOS @ metro center w/ al pastor, pollo sofrito, barbacoa, and vegan purple potato. But don't forget your chips and soup, yum
good to see. Time for people to start thinking like a top notch city. Dreaming of what the new Courtside Club may look like.
Get your butt back home!
Rihanna's song Birthday Cake would be way better with Trey Songz in it...
Of course! Thanks so much, Shelby! Really really really really really glad you like it :)
Mark Sanchez is gonna take over NYC! The guy is a stud..Fight On!!
I'm right there with you. Thank you all for such a stupendous plot.
LADIES: don't be his OTHER chick...be his ONLY chick.
Looks like we're putting out a new cocktail list in the next few weeks.
Even though William Shatner went off the cliff in that bus, I managed to score a deal on Priceline :) TN bound..
so good!
Symptomatically speaking, a good man is a man who helps others without any expectation of reciprocation.
agreed, and i'll get a FuelBand when it tracks run data. Nike is smart giving Fuelbands to big names like and
Text or call someone right now. Tell them something that you love about them and tell them how much you care. It will make their day(:
lol thanks for not texting back . ._.
Spicy chocolate is one of my favorite things.
Why you may ask, I have a great thing allready...but there aint no rest for the wicked my dears.
you still alive from last night? Do we need 2 send the cops looking 4 u or would u prefer the Hangover guys?
Is there a product that will deter a cat from pawing at framed wall art without damaging the frame or the cat?
What a fabulous forecast for Milwaukee Wisconsin! Warm weather is here … at least for a few days ;)
my mouth hurts so bad :/ gonna try to go to sleep goodnight <3
So I'm currently in the market for a cuddle buddy since it's starting to get really cold. If interested, I am currently taking apps. Thanks.
Same. I hope you are OK?
slept through first and second period. again.
Have you pre-booked your next appointment yet? Book another appointment before the end of the month and you'll be entered to win our...
Biology students get their turn today showing research. It’s poster mania in Union South. What’s the best project title?
Great job Darin and. Bruce. great STATE OF ADDRESS. thank. you...
Yes, this has been the playoffs of 3 goal comebacks but no team ahead had Tim Thomas in their net, no way the Bruins will give up 3+ goals
RT : Getting into the holiday spirit at with homemade egg nog -- thanks, !
Planning some time in FL w/ for book writing. Plenty of Vitamin D to help the process along :)
I admire you love you so much :) I hope the twitcam let us know looooooveeeee you
thank you. Everything rings true except for "tolerate alcohol". Seems to start earlier & last longer...
$ZNTR is on an upward move
Had a dream I was at a weird dinner party in an occult bookstore with Terence McKenna and Zack Galifianakis. We were discussing time travel.
what are u still awake for?
Greek the freak out
Doors for Hooterpalooza open at 5pm & showtime is at 6pm. Tickets for this bikini contest are only $10.77 at your local Hooters restaurant.
Immortalize all the pure, testosterone-driven beard progress you made this #NoShaveNovemeber by dipping that new beard in soup!
When I see comercials for the #Olympics I get excited for #London #2012 :)
Woohoo!! Apple Vodka!!
Hell of a knockout
Our God is greater, Our God is stronger!
...conforming to the european editions.
Why is it that its so hard to get vehicles legal i mean damn
Anyone know about using Blackboard to conduct group-based peer-evals? I need quant+qual. Peer eval tool seems 2b just for random qual evals.
not yet, we're still taking resumes until Friday then beginning interviews next week. So hopefully soon!
Nerves are frayed. Jackass has been mowing his lawn with a defective mower for an hour. The struggling motor is driving me up the wall.
ALRIGHT YHU WIN THIS TIME!
Miss y'all too
Thx to everyone who came out last night and listened to me speak. I had a great time. Thx to & Neal for all their hard work.
i got it thanks so very much ;)
These guys have you covered for #WineRiot Munchies
I'm editing a blog post from one of our Chinese writers on the same topic as well. It's an issue that's not going away ...
It can't be helped. Gotta read #WIP from beginning or I may write myself right into a hole. #amwriting rule broken. Unnerving
Thanks ! Its been a treat tweeting, I've actually started my own account...addictive ...
Popcorn and A movie . All Nighter Here I come .
you got it, whens your bday?
good man. How's the SnapBack and tee holding up?
#DontYouWish could be your neighbor so you can be ACTUAL friends <3
"i danced with a hot cowboy who looked like dwight yoakam." "i thought you said he was hot." roomie doesn't get it.
Bulls fans are celebrating that Derrick Rose is on the floor! Sure he is hoping to shake off the rust. Let's Go Mavs!
Thanks! Look forward to receiving your application.
maybe if i was several sizes smaller n a couple cups bigger!!
what? I'm so confused. I mean one of my goals for the summer was to put a video out every week, so I might as well
Is it time yet?
#cowx Rain snow mix in Aurora
Saturday morning and the babe is still sound asleep. Do I dare try and enjoy my coffee?!
Don't ever lie or hide something from someone. It only ends up hurting them in the end.
Isn't it kind of cute? I will let you know how it goes and if I can make more :) Looking into patterning a peplum skirt!
Ha ha! Id venture to say more famous for being Raisin Capital Del Mundo, but w/e works ;)
RT : Thanks for the serious @ replies to tweets that are obviously jokes, guys. Everyone on Twitter really appreciates those.
Next Thursday, wine dinner w/ Winemaker Rick Sayer of Rodney Strong Vineyards. 4 paired courses $59.95: For menu & more:...
Had so much fun last night!! 💗
no Aaron no -_-
Faith > Fear
“Let no one ever come to you without leaving better and happier.” Mother Teresa
See ya Devon Ebanks you freakin' loser!
Who's watching some playoff hockey today? Prediction's on today's games?
Wow... I fell off of the Twitter band wagon, and I am chasing it down and trying to jump back on it.
At the corner of Kenyon & Mt. Pleasant w/ & projecting on to the burnt building
I so think people try to piss me off and im tired of it :(
I think give him another year or two as backup to practice then have him as the everyday and romine as backup
Eve of the new Premiership season = Match of the Day song stuck on my head. Even on the other side of the Pond....
Hey ;P
you better take it back. Don't hate on the hopeless cubs
Warm cookies are the best cookies.
WERE GOING TO THE SUPERBOWL!!!
I definitely coded in my sleep just now before waking up
For free moustache trims your team can visit any participating Kennedy's location. We want to show our support!
I miss being best friends with you.
is Josh doing a show while here?
difference between iphone app. and the registry.The answer is iphone fans will tell you everything on iphone is better.Period.
go tomorrow so I can go with you please
We had a boat captain in my #pathfinder game named Jared, he had overlarge pants and told people to eat meat between bread.
Nice little celebration at work today to celebrate 25 year anniversary of the company's first employee! Way to go Marcia
Small homes are not always best or efficient! Design your home to enhance your quality of life first!
The 2.5 hours I spent at the #dmv earlier made this day feel incredibly long!
So elated
lmao I have done that!!
GOOD LUCK <3
"Communication - the human connection - is the key to personal and career success." Paul J. Meyer
let's ride together!! It will be cheaper!!
New Promotions. 3 Course Chef's Tasting Menu w/ Wine Pairing $30, Red and White Wine Flights, Wine Bar Specials! Come in where it is warm.
you didnt rape pr murder me. Youre safe. And we drove thru the desert
Bazooka Joe (aka Corey Hart) with a nice grab in chilly Wrigley Field
But you perfect for me RT Nobody's perfect
That was well done. Wakefield to Mirabelli.
TRAFFIC - Interstate crash/delays are clear - Previous crash NBI39/WBI90 @ Stoughton Exit
Ill be at work for the game but trust me, ill be checking my phone on a regular and watching the replay when i get home...
Our sponsored happy hour is about to begin, if you're at #digiday video upfronts!
hey do not feel badly. They actually have a death rate for treadmills. Take it easy
Next week I start Scags at 30, the third volume in the Scags Series. Hope you've read the first 2 by the time this one launches.
young grasshoppa, you shall learn:)
SEO is useless if you have a weak or non-existent call to action
they showed it online... And it was pathetically obvious.
RT ": #Virgos are sometimes seen as being far too picky." Cause we are picky!!! :)
I love glee :(
When it rains it pours beer. Beer Garden is filling up fast.
i wouldnt mind a nice cold beer right now!
Workforce: social equity issue - of who is getting the arts and science classes while others are getting severely cut.
lol please tell me college and not high school! Haha
watch me on You Tube Alyssa Holmes singing at wedding please.
Looking for a #Gators win in the near future
I hope so too D;
I miss being 15
Polyester Nylon Briefcase Messenger Bag with Detachable Shoulder - polyester messenger bags
Ballroom dancing at the Elks - Wareham Week
Goodwill Give to Get drive was a success this past Sat! Thanks for the amazing coverage. Thanks for the RT. & Thx #CLE!
Someone remind me to go on the diet and exercise regimen.
RT : To avoid trouble, breath through your nose; it keeps your mouth shut.
Love to ride the F: you get to see the city with the tourists.
If you believe it is stolen, please contact 911. 311 can only take the request once the registration or inspection expires.
Autocorrect - Annoying or Funny?
happy for you cuz& enjoy boxing!:) haha!:) and keep your momentum!~~~ :D
Watcing the purdue and ohio state replay #bored #boilerup!
hush up just watched his video n he freaking fine lol
Taking my placement test tomorrow, shit .
if you are excited about the Brewers Opening day RT this!!!!!!!!
Some of the levels/labels seemed a little wonky/mismatched to me too but curious about overall results-
thanks! That means alot to us! =)
cool!!!!! Did you get any cheesecake?
Thanks Sushma! :) ^dr
"He that would be a leader must also be a bridge." (Welsh proverb) #LHXXX Rock on, Dirty Thirtiers!!
JUST BECAUSE IM GOING DOESN'T MEAN IM GONNA HAVE FUN.
Vic Wooten never ceases to amaze
How can we improve on the content? We want to hear your suggestions.
You never fail to hit up my phone with an extremely stupid text.
During parking lot road head be cautious of speed humps.
Thanks to everyone who came out today to fight
loving the new kitchen too! Great job!!
When I was an R.A. at CCU, one of my residents was from Austin and said that Chuy's is delicious!!!
Do ya wanna? Do ya wanna wanna rescue me?
I know.
hubby says hes not perfect so he doesnt have the right to judge me...r those people holding those signs so perfect that they can judge us???
I think vagina is an ugly word.
Hahaha. Yeah, right.
That was tough tony parker
Hey Britain, your taxpayer money paid for for the $70 million royal wedding today! Did you even get any wedding cake for that hefty bill? :)
they used Eye tech VT2 device
Celebrity watch: getting on a plane with Cornel West.
Judge denies Gov. Scott Walker request for 2 more weeks to review recall petitions, says election likely to be ordered
Is it me or did put these rap bitches back on thr map again
are you at school? And follow me mikey :)
NO BUT I WILL SIGN OUR POTATOE AGAIN...WE NEED TO TUNE IT!!! v___V and will you ever get it back!? xD
For Sure
thanks for your support!
HomeMade Banana Pudding with Whipped Cream!.....True Story!
RT @ @ DESTINYDIXON LOL hi mama!! I love you n miss you! Let's skype 2morrow k?
i wish i could have Blake Griffin's athleticism for just one day...
Make your plans to spend the 4th of July for All You Can Eat BBQ on the Patio. 11:30am to 6pm.
WOW!!! ZUZU Groupon They are selling FAST! Best Hurry and get one now. 1/3 already sold in 1 hour www.groupon.com
I never got my PhD, so you can't call me Dr.Sergei. But i got my master's. So call me Master Sergei.
Crashed out early on the couch, no longer sleepy :(
Stay tuned for our next conte$t!! Lots of $$$ to be won!!!
Man i need a lucy now. Sucka hoe ass niggas these days!
Irish you a Happy St. Patrick's Day!
California first-time homebuyers - Call Mountain Trust Mortgage for details regarding the CalHFA FHA Home Loan program: (858) 376-1299
yes, dear, it is. I should finish around 5 your time
Happy #FF everyone
Love and Light to Amber and Paris of Thanks for your energy!!!
You were awesome comedy club Please follow me and I'm keeping and eye on where you will perform next I don't want to miss it!
Important, thought-provoking article about food and culture - just re-tweeted from Melissa Clark. Read it.
Hello Jordan!
Outside hygrometer claims 5% humidity right now -- lower than I've ever seen in VA. Heading up the mountain to admire the unwonted clarity.
If only the boy who did that like followed through and let me know who the hell we was.
I can't stand people who have the audacity to ask for something but see you all the time & never say hi.
Hahahahahaha! I made fun of Demecio for using then instead of than! *high five* Kat!!! ;) <3333333
When people criticize you, be sure to ignore it. What they think of you is really none of your business, that's their issue lol. (dc)
There's this chick, her name is Shes my inspiration, role model, & my smile. Xo.
At the age of 30, I'll be stepping into Can's tonight for the first time ever to play with Hugh Bob.
It's a lifetime goal.
thank you, don't mind if I say so myself :)
- Rolling Rock over here.
If my phone dies, im not chargin it til tonight.
i know exactly how you feel babygirl
Hard to pick one favorite #Henrymiller as far as I am concerned is one of the best and most unique authors
- where are my seats for said event? Do I have a budget?
James Jones should learn to box out!
What is this world coming to when prescription pain killers don't work!?
OMG, LOL, goodnight!
Hope you have a wonderful time, Jen! I'm sure you'll look great/
yeah my bad been on the road all day just got home. Was out of town for Xmas. Sucks
Good luck at
BROTHER WHY CANT I TALK TO U
Man lesbians love pickles
MAY 13!!! Best day of my life
If you're bored with Sodoku, may I suggest downloading MathDoku (aka KenKen)?
"God knows everything about you, and He still approves of you." Thank you for the reminder,
Cool phone just stop working I don't mind
#NowPlaying Empire State of Mind - JayZ ft Alicia Keyes ... Cannot wait to be back in NY in nine days!!! :-) xo
this particular item wasn't available on prime. (much like my favorite wines....)
Just think of it this way: They are keeping you from getting diarrhea sooner.
I don't know why, but orange juice makes me feel fancy.
happy hour?
Avoid fruits and nuts. You are what you eat. -Jim Davis
my mom did not control her diabetes. Good for your mil. :-)
off to donate blood #opositive /via <---yay!!!
Dale sure has changed.
hey Macy moo I miss u cuz
#RITZ2 this Friday || FREE FOR ALL!! | Ladies FREE Ciroc Shots ALL NIGHT !! | $10 Pitchers | $5 Wings | #tonefide x4
I say get rid of all the children!
Probably threw a helmet at it RT : shit looks like Brett Lawrie crashed my site again
Petaquilla Minerals Ltd. Reports Technical Disclosure Review
So after playing my first real country show I find myself at some podunk bar in Celina, OH. Not bad! Great musicians here at the 211 Bar!
Love and Lust; dont confuse the two.
Bummer, #LevonHelm, R.I.P. Thank you for the memories.
Because of this trip, I can safely say, Google Maps on Android, is a TRUE GPS system. Voice and everything!
I'm watching that today so I can see the Avengers on tuesday, I just have to grin and bear it
howw you doing sweet cheeks.?:-)
Is your phone broken girl? Congrats on the big game. We, apparently, couldn't pull it off.
You know you're being healthy when after a night of drinking you hit up a 24hr and get a grilled chicken salad at 2am.
I have supposedly exceeded the number of times allowed 2 verify my passport information, thus cannot check-in online!
I just wrapped my show this weekend. #thatweirdbittersweetfeeling THE UNDERPANTS has closed.
Hahaha In Dire Need Of A Straightener...
Sports writing for leagues is about controlling the message. Now the media also wants to control the message -
Anyone have decent ideas for lit. mags to submit poetry too? Would like to test the waters, so something small or mid market would rock.
waka flocka be having the best hookers in his videos
#hth2012 interesting tensions. Digital is not authentic (earlier). Now want to reach public but also fear what public would do with data.
Go wit Philly! No need to watch Kobe put up 40 again lol": Who shall I watch next L.A. vs Denver? Or Philly vs Chicago?"
- We're hiring! Know of any upcoming or recent grads looking for a job in the music biz? Please pass along our info! Thanks!
yeah it was so funny. Glasses and everything. I bet he would LOVE to see you! Hahaha
Haha well I don't do friends with benefits and not having any luck with relationships so I'll just have to live with it. ;)
#collegeology amazing work.
Thermovex=❤ of my life!
There are no losers when your nominated for a Young Artist Award. Everyone is a winner just by being nominated.
The cap of my "BIG SEXY HAIR" hairspray fell in the toilet.
We all say shit then take it back
thanks man😃
I feel a lil bad that I embarrassed/yelled at the tourist that cut in front of me at whole foods.
I love my penis.
I used to skateboard and skate aggressive inline to Ill Communication for summers on end. "Sure shot" always got me going.
I get to see you tonight - how exciting is that?! :)
I'll take that as a compliment. I think?
First sighting. Seth Rogan.
It's beyond hot!!
The Boys and Girls Club of Dane County is hosting a Thanksgiving Dinner and help is still needed!
will I kissed a vampire be playing in NY state? im dying to see it but havent found info. also will u do any promo? lmk plz
why the switch?
Celebrate today. Thankful to be alive!
Oh. I see you following me like you want some ;)
Tweet me! :D Im here to listen..to anything.. ;)
"question. Is a Snuggie supposed to be open in the back or front? Either way, I feel like Jesus and going to McDonalds with my ass out."
I just wish that you had fought harder for me to stay.
why all that man :/
love love love :D
#nowlistening "Put a Penny in the Slot" - first time I heard this song, I had to pull my car over. Strong stuff.
Joseph I came today to talk. You were very busy. Have a great day. Cynthia Harris
We are having a FREE BBQ next weekend April 23rd!! Come and Join us. We have what you need! Just a short drive down Federal!! :)
RT : Going to Hillcrest Farmers Market tomorrow? We'll be @ The Center from 9:00am-3:30pm giving free, confidential HIV tests.
Yes i know !! How are they gonna stay in contact with their fanns !?!? Im gonna miss tweeting them ! :(
The place to improve the world is first in one's own heart and head and hands. Robert M. Pirsig
We all have #thatfriend when there talking your thinking...oh honey good thing your pretty 😏
Keep wrestling and MMA seperated guys. Can't work a shoot fight. Just looks awkward.
I was -MB
had so much fun today at the piano master class with Prof. Eteri Andjaparidze at Steinway Hall, NYC!
I haven't been much--just Saturday night and this morning, mainly to drop off supplies.
Editorial Illustration
Finally getting some boarding in...snow not as good as years past but great nonetheless
“ “ that moment when you're reading old messages and you're thinking " where did we go wrong ..””
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and constructing quality homes throughout San Antonio.
Been off my routine. Apologies for not posting daily HBDs on FB, replying in a timely manner to vm/email; new life blessings adjustment mode
I've been meaning to listen to Starlito here lately
Same goes for "The World to Come" by Dara Horn. I can never choose which.
Good Morning, sunshine. A new day to spring forward.
Kentucky is the only program to have 5 different head coaches win a national title. (Rupp, Hall, Pitino, Smith, Calipari)
Doesn't look repulsive today.
Think ima go to sleep
RT : We don't have a county library and our city library is funded by our public school system. We need a bookmobile!
I need that girl in my life
i sent it last night
Cecilia from has given us a run down of some of the statistics of contemporary cities and opportunities that exist in them
beautiful day in #ATX stuck inside doing grad school things
I'll be lucky if my brain isn't mush by 11 pm tomorrow. lucky.
This day is too gorge. Going to the beach to tan before the show tonight. 🌴🌾🌊☀
Stand for principals and morals. Stand for righteousness.
oh I wasn't complaining about the call. you call what you have to call. complaining about Pouliot taking dumb risks.
is giving the "starting a community laboratory 101" overview
Clicking everywhere. What is it?
Looking forward to great weekend of training in Charlotte NC! See y'all there!
Just laying down looking at the stars. It's warm, clear and quiet. Just one thing is missing.
weather.com is reporting a forecast of 89 for Sun. Anything less than 100 is good by me!
"whats the difference between medication and poison?... The dosage."
Melanie Hurley, USA? My internet connection is way to slow!
Bed bed my sweet bed. Cannot wait to be in u in a min
don't open the door, Howard...
": #MentionTo someone you would die for." Iden
We're commited! Let us know. PM
YEH THE PART WHERE THE GUY GOES " WHOSE THAT?" sTILES:"THATS MY BROTHER... MIGULE" HAHA
Would love to see NHL Playoff social metrics after the Cup. Some great conversation/multi-screen stuff in market,
If you anyone doubts Shakespeare was not the 17th Earl of Oxford they should look at his chart. There's no question
Approval plan tackled. Snack time and catching up on
Getting my list of summer must-dos together. What's on your list?
reply to this I want to see if it will fix my timeline I'm not getting updated
Beadles forever ♥
New Moon comes out Fri. What could be better than that?
shoutout to follow her :))
Coffee makes sense and cents makes dollars. www.ogoverview.com
Be sure to check out Act Nat's own Rob Roy Fitzgerald @ 10pm this Thurs, Nov 3rd when he appears on NBC's great new series "Prime Suspect"!
You say you'll always be there but why do I keep losing faith?
Pinelands hike this Saturday in Evesham - South Jersey Local News
At #Haiti embassy with the #ambassador, nice to meet you!
5 miles on the Trinity
Prep period at work so I am prepping,questions to interveiw and his band this Sunday on XPN2
I've come to accept that I will not accept it.
Fabricating Lies is not becoming!
Hmm. Skills competitions might be a good replacement for the #ProBowl. Certainly it can't be worse. I might watch.
Watching "Late Night With Jimmy Fallon" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Darn anyhow. Work is interfering with my #gc2012 worship watching. Hate it when that happens.
pre happy nootz year!!! My nootz year resolution is to go bar down short side through the five hole then grab some frozen water
Follow me , please please , FOLLOW ME , FOLLOW ME , FOLLOW ME
School isn't the place for me right now 
Major cramming tonight, isn't it the best??
My church take so long passing out communion
Yes I love working. Ugh
Beastie Boys, "Licensed to Ill"
Rocking out at Seabug! Sorry I still haven't figured out the whole livestreaming thing :P
#backtoschool While you're chilling in class today, tell a friend to Attempt to Fail, see what they say, then tell'em to check us out online
I know u dont smoke weed, I know this; but Im gonna get u high today, cuz it's Friday; u ain't got no job... and u ain't got shit to do:)
how about a tiki bar? for loan? for free drinks...get at us!
It's Happy Hour all day long in Hillsboro Village! Come get any latte or cappuccino with any slice of cake for only $4.00!
I'll admit the film had a decent plot twist. But getting there was excruciating.
come to local lounge! I'm djing at 12!
Bad girls should support too!!!
Come by for a Perfect Patron Margarita.............. Patron Silver and Patron Citronge Orange Liqueur!
nothing at all ):
*sangin* My heart belongs to a Roni...
:'( thanx for non!! Wen I need to talk to somone there not there for me!! Wtf!! #gettin more cold hearted
Whether it's Follow Friday or Aloha Friday, looks like a great resource for #windowsphone and #kiddori users.
oh man, mega tweak.
Thanks for the RT! About that time for the FREE wine tasting. Cheers!
then if they included Kanye too, sis daya can knight him with the K-Swag title hahaha lol :)
He got some long hair
hey could you follow back please?? (:
Never give up you're dreams, keep sleeping.
lol i bot a pack of brittish tea today and omg i love it it is so god!
A friend once wrote: Give me your faith, not your doubts.
the environment, etc., etc., etc. Not one has a comprehensive plan - C'mon Guys, the Artic is Melting, you know ? No time for pussy-footing
thank you 😊
Let's see photos!!!
why is it that when guys like you they are mean to you ? -.-t
I'm excited to curl up with "The Secret" tonight. You can't be truly skeptical of something until you've given it a chance.
Sounds awesome! What's your favorite summertime book?
School is closed next Monday, September 5th, for Labor Day. Classes resume Tuesday - have a great, long weekend!
So harsh on McFly. It's just a movie chaps. Not real life. RT: “: Marty still SUCKS.”
lol straight up I got 🎶🎶
On my way to Cali love you erinn
did I forget to mention these are my jeans for yard work?! Oops... My bad!
Have Fun :) nd can u follow me back pls ..
forgot about Halloween socks yesterday (was wearing sandals), so I'm wearing them today
Saturday April 21,2012 at 8:30pm at Left Coast Wine in Glendale, CA jazz with vocalist and Matt vanbenschoten bass.
Welcome to the Twitterverse :-)
marketing lifeguards old Democratic idea! Damn richpublicans
There ain't no way we cliccin up if I wasn't with you when I was broke,And if we was cool and you fucced that up we'll neva be cool nomo
It's time to boycott any and all sponsors of that big fat pumpkin head, Rush Limbaugh. He's in a "Gots to Go" situation.
Newark New Media Innovation Lab Meetup was off the hook. Thanks to all who came out. Brilliant minds.
That might be open to interpretation, what is the line between temptation, and what you naturally want?
sounds delicious!! And yes, ANYONE, can, and is encouraged to volunteer!!
thanks for the follow :)
I work for PP&R. Will follow up with staff. Thanks for the note
Just seen this big ass dude sleep on a bench outside.. pissed i couldnt snap a pic
#np nobody has to know <3
Going to play my ps3 fun fun fun
I tried out for Jeopardy once (I was just happy to answer all the Qs). Went to taping too. Trebek is a goofball irl. ;)
That nasty ass salad from Publix... I'm mad af now.
oh totally. I don't mind shelling out 40 bucks for tickets and my bladder buster coke this time around.
omg I was going to say that one in my last tweet but i didn't haha and nm listening to music(:
Who in the what is this is?
Where will you be watching the #Superbowl ?
Congrats again! Thanks for helping to spread the word...
#NP Dream Chasers 2 - Meek Mill
Yeah im omw now
oh I thought they knew already but apparently not cuz there are sum who seem to wanna play w/me...
Sure what's up?
“ I would rather be at home still in bed with this type of weather....” Me Too...
Demi Lovato on Grey's anatomy 👍
Soul opens the 2nd quarter with touchdown pass to Tiger Jones. 21-14 Preds
What a good idea. :)
Who isn't following me, can you please just tell me cuz I'm kinda getting tired of going through this long list. lol dang
With ~850 friends on facebook it's time to show our twitter friends some love too. Expect a follow!
Jennifer Lawrence kick continuing with WINTER'S BONE.
you guys are the greatest so ready for #TheEndIsWhereWeBegin !
e Please follow me <3
Cracking at America the beautiful park for 420 Freedom Fest
Saw Tay get punk'd by JB! Lol Taylor is too cute! :)
On the ground in Philly - YAY! Can't get home to my family fast enough!
☼ The truth. It is a beautiful and terrible thing and should therefore be treated with great caution. J. K. Rowling
why yu hating :/
"You get what you Expect."
If the heat lose ima b hurt...
Hahha this dude fooled me!-----
Jonas Brothers >>>>>>
SUFFER THE PAIN OF DISCIPLINE TODAY so you won't have to suffer the pain of regret tomorrow.
"I can sale ocean water 2 ah whale"
all please PLEASE:D
Interview at 4:30 hope I get it I need a job lol
WAMUQ Big news, up 75% pm!
I've been eating like crap & my body is making it know that it's over it. Anyone do a juice cleanse or detox that doesn't kill energy?
Thanks! That made my day! :)
Thanks for the follow!
If its one thing u can count on...U can count on me
this pic i just saw that put up got me lmfaooooooooo
re:TwitSpam did you get the sex caller from London?!
dang lol, well I hope that goes well too
Yes, very, very scary! How do you listen to a lot of hate radio?
...Sure! I'll Tweet you my exact location when I get there, but you can't tell anyone else where I am ;-)
wussup wit it boo
Big fan of your work! Your movies are awesome, and you're a seriously amazing actor. Keep up the great work! :)
lol I love the ipredict app it's so funny
Oopsy! Batteries at 10% on iPhone.
submitted room change requests will begin to be reviewed in early February.
Depends how much I get paid an IF tickets are still available will determine if I see THE WALL
our universities won't win on the EdX model: it's an int'l brand game. need to think openness beyond that zero sum.
Wishing everyone a very Merry Christmas and holiday season
You're right! I gave up too easy on that one. I could say he pushed me and my head went right in there and I tipped it over!
Off to the library to get some work done
Gosh there is so much to say! Maybe can tell you some stories. Anything in particular you want to know?
UD can revise the...multimodal concept of design by explicitly including attention to accessibility and dis/ability--Shannon Walters
Feels like I've been carrying barrels of hooch. Back is still hurting.
My Twitter ain't getting no love :)
The Great Paranoid...Available November 12
IF I HAD #1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:)3
The Tumblr website does a great Tumblr iPhone App impression.
Amazing how social media has increased group think in people I thought were smarter (and more experienced). Unfortunate.
An early #FF to my fellow Kindle Book Review crew
totally agree, it's just a "me, too" offering
CleanMy Mac Is a great app! We have been using it for about 2 years. That and Onyx is all you need.
I saw it before. Same guy as the other rant.
The Redskins got him as a undrafted FA. Well luckily I get to see him and RG3 play here on local tv. :-)
They make cable with capsaicin in the sheathing so that squirrels don't chew through it, which is otherwise a problem.
happy birthday!!!! :)
Just had a pulled pork sandwich, could go for a smoke*
10 years ago, I missed Adams conducting Ives' 3 Places b/c I was late. Finally got to see it!
Can't say I've noticed the famous Scouse wit and friendliness.
Really-unqualified??? RT : Issa said he rejected the one potential female witness because she was unqualified to speak about this.
At Marina Middle School waiting for Spanish class to start. Nostalgia. Why is it all middle schools smell the same?
I'll never understand why people fangirl for reality tv stars. So embarrassing.
The only good thing was tht is here nd we have candy!!! Hahahahahaha nd tree
Thank you you made my day so much better... :-D
I am glad I did not have any plans this weekend, because Irene has invited herself over.
I LOVE GHI..
spruce street
Where the party at?
Time change - 2pm TODAY- RALLY w/DANNY GLOVER and Team Ross at 24th & Mission!
Hubby and I want to City Lights Theater last night and saw Hamlet. It was very good! I love that place!
done deal! Shots it is! :-)
Got my first paycheck from the new job today. Feels good to have a little room to breathe, financially speaking.
If you're the kind of person who says "that ish cray cray", please stop and evaluate your goals in life.
I'm bummed u won't b there on Wed, we'll miss u! Don't suppose there's a time I could stop by & say hello b4 my last semster is over?
Wall Streeters impugned his policy as wacky / Ben Bernacke
Outstanding dinner in SF at La Ciccia. Off beaten path but worth the trip. Excellent rustic Sardinian menu, world-class Italian #wine list
I bought it yesterday :-p When are we playing?!?!
ahahahaha. that definitely cheered me up.
I should have lied to you. As much as you accused me of lying.
lalalalalala can't hear you
It's okay! I figured you would be somewhat tired after a long day and all. :) No need to apologize
just saw "Good Deeds" I LOVED IT. Thank u for ur thoughtfulness both on camera & off! You inspire me!
I would care! It might make spots more competitive though (good for you, bad for me). Or I could just run certain dates by you :)
One time my Android phone (mytouch 4g) unexpectedly reset while I was watching porn. Right before my money shot...I was so pissed
Angry woman cussing out stranger :O.
RT : Throw kids gifts out? Sad? Kids have nothing to do with this.
Gotta love the STAR WARS VISUAL DICTIONARY. (boys)
When #Republicans have no one 2 choose for their nominee but #Gingrich #Romney & #Cain it's no wonder they're so damn mean & angry.
Opening day!
I bet Elton John takes the stage with #Madonna during the halftime show.
Haven't played Reach in a long time. Carried my team with 32 kills and 4 deaths that last round. I still got it :D
I find that sleeping is such a waste of time
Cool, I'll check it out. I'm still kind of a new guy, so any guidance would be much appreciated.
Thanks! We greatly appreciate your support and love showcasing your beautiful products. Another photo shoot tomorrow!
"Hey Wilson, are you a baller?" "What's that?"
I passed my stage tech final! Whoop
Great to see you! Hope you had a good con. :)
I'm looking for a 1 bedroom guest house/apartment for me. Preferably in the Studio City, NoHo, Sherman Oaks & surrounding areas. Msg me!
Hello World, hope your Week was all that you wanted it to be!
I was joking :'( lmao
“: “ wtf i look like” Megan” don't be sayin my name
Thanks for the shout!
Freaking airheads everywhere I go
RT : Get Free #Video #Email Today. No Credit Card Needed. New Tool Everyone Must Have. Get Yours Free Today!...
I saw a great presentation today on non-economic damages by Jeffrey Kroll at Illinois Trial Lawyer's Update & Review.
I almost 4got 2 thank my sweetie 4 a fun date nite...
R I P B.Murphy the world has lost another beauty
RT ": Groovy RT How are yall doing today Twitter?!..(:" that's what's up! & you model hun? ... Yes ma'am
Ohio St. real joke.
What have I done? I feel like I've been beat up or something
RT : Bioware's new IP #CommandAndConquer looks underwhelming.. I'm just saying
let me keep my eyes closed.
Gotta be easier than chem :) RT : finding a dress for and 's wedding might be impossible."
I completely agree- #LinkedIn is such a useful tool that so many of us forget! Thanks for the tips!
I was a regular dancer on Bandstand in the sixties so sad
why arent you high yet?
You sly dog. How could I say Bad Idea to that? needs more 21 year olds! We'd love her as a member of !
make out and dry hump session
Thanks for the #FF!!! Have a great weekend!
Watching Law & Order and wondering how I made it out of NYC alive this weekend.
Spent the day playing a conflicted divorcee on a new TV Pilot.
I gave $25. Request-Lisa Harrigan wants a Neil photo, as it's a very nice one of him and he sent me to you. Thanks.
lmfao thank you I forget who made it?(;
Petraeus "will not ever run for office." Honesty or MacArthurian dissembling?
Tip #84: Losing focus? Go outside, take a very deep breath in through your nose, hold for a count of five, breathe out fully. Repeat 10x.
How can we help you with your transfer student?
Betrayed <--- a feeling of sum shit D;
My birthday is today :) gonna party it up haha.
Recall Mondays...
Had no idea that went silent during the actual event! Talk about missed opportunities
Need to get your cash out of your receivables to be able to run your business? Consider factoring. It is fast and easy.
I've missed twitter dearly but time to get back to making it happen.
<Hubby is listening to Memoirs Between Brothers while I am cooking...He luvs it..Thx! :-) Happy Turkey Day
Who did the design for your World Trip blog? Beautiful job, love it!
Liana @ 2 yrs can count & do much more in English & Spanish.. Yes, she's ready for Head Start Program next yr.. Lol
Fuck . Who forgot to put another roll of tissue in the bathroom ?! -_-
thanks, Mikal. How goes things on your end?
Jealous. Those things are awesome.
Let the line dancing begin!
Tomorrow is Susan G Komen, walking 60-miles in 3-days to end breast cancer. 2nd year in memory of my sister Hayley. Follow it at
might break out the sneakaaas tomorrow , uh oh
Congrats to the for their huge wins tonight. Congrats to me for having the guts to wear my knee-high striped Naptown socks.
A look into my Wednesday morning. Anyway off to the races.
What a catch!!!
ok g2g go and to the other #JASMINATORS out there Jadios!
At least I absolutely LOVE Inna!!! HA! people can't hate on her.. why hate on her? You can't! That's just it!
RT - New Orleans Saints vs Jacksonville Jaguars this Sunday!! Can't Wait!! Love My Saints!!!
Tequila or Vodka decisions decisions
Social media is about dialogie, not monologue
Excellence is not something you do; it is something you become.
happy bday to and
There's a man with an eye patch cutting up ginger. How the fuck am I supposed to be focused in here?
Maybe I should reconsider shooting people off stage. The music isn't working. We need more cowbell.
Stupid writing. Making me be honest about my stupid feelings. {insert whiny, shy kid voice here.}
Pet peeve: When I spell "Pursuit of Happyness" & people are like, it's *happiness. NOT ACCORDING TO THE DVD/TITLE. It's meanttobe like that.
good for you Jeanne. You're well on your way hun. xo
#fridayreads Zazen by I can get behind a book that references a character as Big Old Cheese Eater When She's Not Around.
Awww. Welcome back stateside, cuz! I wanna hear all about it!!
Man I miss my galaxy Kobes 😔
#thingswomenlike when you're old fashioned
These twitter mfers trip me out.. They clever .. Not wise .. Big difference
Our Facebook page is up and running! We'll have lots of exciting news and visuals posted there. www.facebook.com/ukeycheyma
Dog on loose ties up Phila traffic - New Philadelphia Times Reporter Dog on loose ties up Phila traffic New Philadelphia Times Reporter B
back on it!😉
That guy that just got thrown out on the Lakers just wants attention...cuz no one even knows his name!!
I like that, what is your passion?
lol i always got my babies! =) no chaps in utah!
I try.
Thanks for sharing, nice video!! See you this weekend!!
please follow!
Social scaffolding of writing: use the 1st sentence of a novel as a writing prompt and have students discuss how they tackled the assignment
Wass good my ppl long time not on thiz :)
What can I do to consume my time till 8 ...?? Igot nuthyn -_-
I swear if I fight my combos can knock someone out
Nothing is too big for the God who created all! I press into Him with full belief that He Will Do It! Heal Daddy! HEAL!!!
That's it? That's the best thing you can say after you got up on my nuts and made fun of my dead mother?
Last of the non Cleveland stores! That's a wrap folks.
Girl on Girl
no one should be going to the gym at either of those times. hahaha
Glad the dinner was a great success! Wish we could have been there. Next time!
haha thanks<3 exactly exactly I don't know who she or he&i did nothing at all!So yes I don't need her opinion!
Since Romney is using Obama quoting McCain as if the source was Obama, Obama should use Romney's ad and make it like Romney said it.
Hangin with the girls=] I hope tomorrow will be a better day!
I'd recommend the Green Goddess (307 exchange place.) Monday's always a tricky dining day.
Huge bummer. My sister and I used to watch the Monkees after school when we were little. :(
Come on lakers get this done...
awesome. How was urs?
I hope Will Rhymes is okay... :(
Im stunting I do care.
Sleepy time
Those words will never come out of my mouth. RT Hey UofL fan, are you saying "Go Big Blue" today only?
Thomas Bruzzesi, 2012 Republican Candidate for President on YouTube now. Going to be the hottest candidate in the race.
I'm fine. A DUMB injury! Major toe jam in a soccer game. Didn't break but was quite swollen &have only been biking since
MVP Offering discount rates to stay @ Planet Hollywood in Vegas for Jan.29th 2 or 3 nights During MMA EVENT visit us @ www.myvegaspeople.com
Preparing for one heck of an amazing audition on Monday!
what's good son you see Fraz get robbed on that hit just now
“: Failed to mention and of course #swagalert” we are flying
's #startup competition tomorrow May 3rd at -- check it out! innovative #startups on fire the whole night!
oh lol yeah we're good, just nobody but my brother got his kicks, waste of time
Football season is the BEST time to use #ClosingTime. #Party on Friday & get up at 7am on Saturday to #tailgate!!! No #hangovers allowed!!
Im dumb! &i love
Sorry about that. I hope we will finally get out of st. Louis at one point today or tomorrow.
Its hott as balls out, and what do i bring camping? sweatpants.
Today will be spent picking out fonts for a new iPad design. While it sounds fun, dealing with fonts and iOS can get tedious.
lolol I'm getting my permit in september . lololol xD are you comming to florida anytime soon ?
Just got my new wireless keyboard for the iPad. Waiting for my stylus. I shall then join the paperless society. Partially at least...
The SoberDrivers Pledge is one of the easiest places to start helping your friends, family, and community.
The 7th Met to throw one...in someone else's uniform ": Phil Humber congrats on the perfecto!!!!"
it's apropos, anything goes.
TODAY IS THE DAY :D
Perfect-yes plz
thanks Joe... will try to keep up
meeting a friend for lunch and then will connect with u!
will you ever follow me,i love you so much <333
: Dumpster fire.
Going to take a nap by the pool. :)
#nccetl Gail Petri from library of Congress says summit one of the best gatherings of lib. Admin and parents collaborating- "the best"!
John Terry scoring. No justice in life whatsoever
Is it firkin friday time yet? i need beer badly
UGH. i hate people.
Solo Recital 9/24 2:00 pm Franklin MA Forge Hill Senior Living
Imma blow all my money, and don't give two shits!
pathetic game!!!
Happy day
I'm so sorry to hear that Garrettdid you wrong like that Dahvie!
I dont understand why Cody Simpson is single! Have you seen him? I mean, really?
Anyone is welcome to cheer me up!
Minnie get a dress and bloomers and Daisy just gets a shirt? Mickey gets pants, donald gets a shirt.
Congrats to all the winners at #MES12. Honored that was selected as Best Software. Thank you!
SHHHH. They are fixing that!
Music is moonlight in the gloomy night of life. Jean Paul
Tweet me. Its dead! :)
Trying to win the praise of , high expectations! Still think I can teach him a thing or 2
#InMiddleSchool i hated washing the lunch table
This Is My New Account Follow This One
If she feel used she gone dismiss you
catching up on Larry the Cable Guy
#psu today, let's go are you ready
must be nice to be a handsome man!
RT The size of the problem is never the issue -- what matters is the size of you!
Happy Mothers Day to all you wonderful Mothers!!
Happy Thanksgiving to our entire Colonial family!
Checking out apt 700 block Louisa. Landlord just advised to use stove in winter if heat inadequate.
Watching "Miami Heat at New York Knicks" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Saturday and Sunday are suppose to hit 72. Anyone want have a Sunday Funday? A.K.A Kickball? Baseball? Flag Football? Basketball? Crochet?
Don't Hate Appreciate.!
Whenever I make it there... I'll be getting that rec!
A big thank you to all the rushes who came out tonight to bowl with the brothers of #UBAKPsi! We hope you had a lot of fun!
I love u too!!
hahahaha - Hi Vince! The people want you, I sure hope your first tweet doesn't disappoint.
Pleasure was all mine. Thank YOU for a great conversation! Love talking with like minded #Transmedia folks like you. Cheers!
Follow me on #instagram , I'll follow back >>>
Us too!
are you going to be in a calendar also?
It's Rodeo time in Tucson! Call us today to book your transportation with Integrity!
RT: : All people want is $$$ & im so tired of it. For real. <~~ SO damn true, sadly.
#RappersBetterThanSouljaBoy Joel Anthony
i'd much prefer that it weren't ten thousand degrees outside today. alas.
Watching MY MOM IS OBSESSED piece on Today Show. . . *looking around sheepishly at stacks & shelves of books*
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MARCI!! Hope you're having a wonderful day!! Blessings♥ :)
Not sure attacking individuals is the way to go here
nope lol you thought i was older because I BE ON MY GROWN , correct ?
Thx for the plug!
Mad men time!
Hmm... I'm up for a valentines date.
Now I do!
Thank you for sharing your talent with us last night!!! So honored to have you both there!
RT : You can't get a lot done when you only work on the days you feel good!! Keep grinding..
and you are both such joiners! How about college?
Just when I thought I would never meet a new guy, I did.
I learned this week that people who I thought were my friends turned out to be my enemies! All because of one tweet. Wow.
I'm good hunny how about you?
Do you want to DOUBLE or TRIPLE customers to your restaurant or pizza shop? Check out our new POS & Social Media Marketing Systems...
RT if you love your American fans ALOT :) <3
o anytime. Love to! Come see me! Or lat's meet somewhere tasty!
Thanks for the follow. Were glad we share this exciting opportunity, keep an eye on the www.coupondeal.com, nothing else make us happier!
they do, right after Detroit comes actually. Mid-June
Remember when the Razr phones were the newest and coolest? Lmao
Loss of virtue in a female is irretrievable
J.J. Abrams has rediscovered the magic of 70s/80s Spielberg! Note to J.J.: please do NOT grow up! :)
The teachers like "John generly liked the irish...." and im like "AND THERE ACCENTS ARE AMAZING" and they all look at me like "wt...?" haha
It about time #pandora you piece of shit
Looking for a cheap yet fulfilling lunch? Try our $5 made-from-scratch pasta lunch specials from 11 a.m. - 3 p.m. daily.
There is a point in time when your friends stop being your friends and become family.. Im so blessed to have a bunch of brothers & sisters!
Erudition - dust shaken out of a book into an empty skull. Ambrose Bierce
no, seriously. I couldn't handle the disappointment.
fuck yeah! Let's hope London is as generous with free wifi as Dublin was. So far so good
How does a man show he's planning for the future? He buys two cases of beer instead of one.
Nice. Good luck! Do you have a race plan or goal distance? Or just "see what happens"?
aw man! I can't get there fast enough. :/
*Book the BAD GIRLS CLUB 8 cast! And check out So New BAD GIRLS CLUB 8 - LAS VEGAS tonight at 10/9c*
ITS. GET IT GANG ENT.
well, happy 12th b-day skeeter! y'all have a great day! :)
I'm done bitches, suck on that!
Dear : your profile jpeg doesn't do you justice.Following U, & I'll buy your "After" book when it's back on Amazon, 2.
Rooney Mara's real name is Patricia "Trisha" Rooney Mara
Oh my gosh Stella passed away? ;~; RIP Stella. You won't be forgotten ☆
Agreed RT : needs more wine.
Built-in pool...in the basement? if you don't mind swimming in rusty sediment.
I'm going to marry he just dosnt know it yet ;D
aww no problem!
SHIRTS ARE HERE!
Yes..And...Who is #Santorum? He's for the Blue team right?
Ok, it's booked! Doing anything cool today?!
Tonight is the last Central Committee Meeting before the Primary Election! Three weeks and counting.
are are still interested in contributions? let me know :) talk soon!
I'm going to get an orange jumpsuit from the jail and walk around the outside of the Miami county jail and see what happens.
Some call it inappropriate... We call it funny.
yea oh we better! Lol
Dude next to me is now reading every item on the menu out loud, and then commenting at it....he is also wearing a 10 gallon hat.
that sun looks very beautiful(:
The music of New Order and The Cure is a lot more passive than their names suggests.
Love walk offs. Fun games so far I hope tomorrow is this good!
arent we all lol but when are u gonna message me ur chapter idea for the story on facebook
me too when will it be?
why do some people argue with other people about facebook being better than twitter. personally i think twitter is better.
Ok why can't I follow anyone anymore?!?!
We did
Stay in your lane!! Let the lawyers comment on legal matters!!! Professionals comment on areas in which they have expertise!!
Hah just realized what you were talking about--it was part of trivia night at the j-school.
"Make it thy business to know thyself, which is the most difficult lesson in the world." - Miguel de Cervantes
WUDUP DOE CHECK OUT THE MUSIC AND THE VIDEOS
time to test out the legs on the 18k. #crispinrocks #pcrt sm
‎"Advertising is totally unnecessary. Unless you hope to make money." Jeff I. Richards
Wise men still seek Him today. ~Dan Bell
I would say "advocate" instead. or transformist??? Activist does have a different emotion tied to it.
Wow! So glad you are following. Thanks!
#20ThingsAboutMe Jessie Is my fav show on Disney Channel
I feel your pain.
Fire drill during soundcheck! Evacuating...into the snow!
You're a perv too omg!
Expect failure, plan for success.
- GREAT TIMES~! Did you all load up photos yet that I shot at the event? Drop box the to be edited.
Go Kings!!!
how did you get pantsed and nobody took a pic your caught slippen
Im such a student in her world!
not yet mayb if u message me
i need her with me right now....
Ever imagined a growler full of the Double Choco Stout? Oh what it is to know the power and syrupy pow of this truly dessert brew
A shout out to our allies with SWOP Boulder! MUCH LOVE!
": Dont waste your whole life trying to get back what was taken away." Man I wish that was easier said than done! :( <3
MT When someone says they'll move for an internship, screams ready to push out of comfort zone. Immediate yes to hire
So many rangers fans at this bar
My dad F's up all my plans too man. sorry:(
Buy her friend a drink and not her at
Tweet to us or call & mention twitter & get FREE registration! (248) 581-3942
Thx to Mr. Hikim for hosting a great meet & greet in N. Mich Park. Good dialogue on need to address environmental concerns in W5
Gotta keep on keeping on!
Vikings' stadium bill becomes racino bill in committee - Coon Rapids ECM Publishers
Braun better come through here!
Alas, I have gotten old. I tend to go to bed by 11 my time most nights. Just had something I had to get done. How are you?
Thanks! We'll keep plugging away on DPTV. Feel free to pass along any feedback.
Holiday Fair Coast Restaurant 12/4, 12 - 3. Benefits Jefferson County Food Pantry! Bring friends/family. Holiday shopping in style!
thank you so much! You make it look good, so gorgeous! It was great to meet you today
(: so what do you wanna talk about?
that's sick man, ima get on that maschine asap for sure. shits gonna be
Right on baby boi.
I don't really mind if it's over your head cause the job of resurrector's is to wake up the dead
Oh, and I'm holding you to that Skype session sometime soon! Thanks for spending so much time with us tonight! Love you! <3
You beautiful no matter what...
CeeeeeeeeLooooooo, what's up w/ u?
despite whatever it is your going through, God can and will bless you with strength and peace to get thru it.. believe it
follow back
staying in bed and watching himym aaaalllll day. oh! and chicken noodle soup. tomorrow i will feel great! :o)
We are serving dinner this Wednesday at the Las Vegas Rescue Mission from 4:30-6:30. Come help us!!!!
GOOD LUCK Greeny!
Yes crowdsource crisis mapping is so important.
Wait, WUT?! Almost heaven West Virginia, my friend. Father has been driving since 5 AM nonstop and is still an hour outside Boston.
thanks for the #ff !!
Come on chris bosh
cool see you tomorrow:-)
So exciting! Bill Gates to speak at ECS National Forum on #Education Policy July 11 in Atlanta via
lol have fun with that.
I never read them. Mrs. Barlow tried to make me in 5th grade though
Certification that is -- ratification was aug. 18
Padres have k'd on pitches out of zone on 4 of 5 SO against Harang.
surprised to see my old accounting bro today
Timbaland no contest.
Thank you!
I recommend Hila Nave in Telaviv
feelers are good.
RT If you could only do one exercise everyday for the next month, what would it be?
Don't go to the caf!! I was so very wrong... Pooping green for hours.
I can't sorry :/ I've got a follow limit :(
Stunning #SCMS panel on Media & Mid-century Design. Erica Robles on Shannon's information theory vs Ray & Charles Eames on connecting: tops.
I did..but it might've been too late
Wake forest is doing work.
Watching the vow with my mommy.
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort. <-- The TRUTH !
omg I just did that!
Serving Jury duty. Anyone know a good, fast place to eat?
just as a true cigarette should be!
YEAH RT Going to watch harry potter again.Xx with :)
have an extra ticket for the Drake concert ... who's coming with me? :p
And now you alter my plans for my day off of work thx alot
love surfing the web laughing at dumb shit lol if u do the same retweet or follow me
can u follow me.
I may just have to do that......
Traffic in LA sucks ass today. Apparently if it's windy people can't drive.
Hope this cumulative accounting final goes well
agreed. ;) i'd love sum of that.
I better get my ass in gear if I'm gonna get anything done before #thebachelorette comes on tonight
i wish i could go to the mall without going to the mall.
I'm fantastic...I mean #Nicktastic! How's Germany?
Great performance by NDI dancers this morning, commercial shoot going well...long day, but off to a good start!
Going to dash
oh god that is my highlight of high school for sure!!!
Bullying is wrong! 3 million people get bullied each year and only some are strong to survive <3 speak up stand up and help people out <3
Thanks for the like, Brandon Eckaus!
happy mothers day to the best mom ever! Love ya mum!
You win some, you lose some....
in newyork love it with my family
My manager is a grade A HARLOT for making me work my birthday and the day before...I will definitely be sleeping friday, saturday and sunday
Yes! RT : Two years ago today, God radically changed my life and set me free from cutting myself! God is soo good!
A whole sleeve of stale Peeps...
Your most important issue each day is not what's happening around you; it's what's happening within you.~ Amy E. Dean
Eating a pickled egg
2 days till Josh Groban concert at Rose Garden! My bday present from hubby. the baby will attend a concert before she is born! :)
At home watching
I don't know what to do with my newly acquired free time..
You bet!
Sometimes the decisions made in this country truly disgust me.
Watching an episode of Family Guy from 1999 . The only thing that's sorta changed is the voices ! And a lil bit of the colors . Funny (: <3
The laptop is off and it feels so good! Lol
sex is better when you can control yourself.
Ohh yes, and I are ready for the concert tomorrow! (:
lol Brooklyn :D um white trash duh
Ummhmm. So you say. Kidding we need to catch up. Miss you.
Today in 1989, The Look (Roxette) was a hit.
Never be the first to arrive at a party or the last to go home, and never, ever be both. - David Brown
Some people go to therapy I work out :)
Day one done and a success!
The best of preservation speaks to opportunity & change. Both those, +/-, that have been & how we can do better.
Megan fox is pregnant :( Congrats to her on being a new mommy. But dang I wanted to be with her
If You Think I'm cute send me a :) If you think I'm sexy send me a ;) If You have a crush on me send me a <3
Have you texted your Glove vote today? Text READS to 86132 to help us win $10,000!!! Help us to help Indy become 100% literate.
I would really appreciate it if Fluvanna didn't lose their preschool program- it is serving really needy children
Being a sports fan would be easier if I stopped being a hippie intellectual snob and bought a television. But that won't happen.
wats ur num i can call u but only once
"it's not until we feel distant from the problems, from our usual haunts, that the insight becomes obvious" Jonah Lehrer
hm u dont remember me
5 meta-analysis show exercise provides the same results for mild-major depression as drugs w/out neg side effects To your Dr, "Just say no".
put it back in the hat!
ah! And I thought I was being so creative (given your bio about books movies & entertainment! - lol!)
hybrid is one way to describe it ;)...
um - who does he play for now?
We can lead with integrity from anywhere in an organization & infuse it into the culture over time.
#InTheEnd though, whether we wind up together or not, it was all worth it. All the tears, happiness, heartbreak..everything. ❤
Thank you for "Witness" video tweet.
Toothbrushes collect bacteria. Soak them in CloSYS Oral Rinse once a week. Toss them after a month, a cold or the flu. www.closys.com
This works out because I may not have to stay up all night :)
ok the new #dr.pepper commercial is #DISTURBING!! them men are ewwww
Lol I'm ready say no more
lol i always leave revision and homework til last minuit.
Movie Time ! Been Lazy All Day >=O !
yea especially considering what part of order he was facing
Likewise. It was a great night.
Feel free to dress up as your favorite character.
Finished series of 'big' meetings. 4 in 3 nights. While glad protein bar & coke dinners are over for a while, I am also totally inspired.
Think you know your #Medeco? Find out today during my certification class. Questions will be asked. Reply back to win
Lolol! It fits you
Every family was to be furnished with a homestead allowance of not less than one-third the average family wealth of the country.
A quick walk with Yogi just became a two mile hike. What an absolutely perfect day!
State of The World : 2012.
"#immigration was never an issue until these men made it an issue," says woman from Alabama
I love Austin's hair<3 I just like wanna rape it with my fingers ;D haha #Mahomie4Life #MahomiesGoHard <3 (;
Little kid shit on twitter, come on now.
#SD users. If you're near Pacific beach Surf Shop take a photo of the beach and upload to Earn cash!
you never understand how much it hurts until it happens to you--> What's That?
I need a breakfast buddy. A serious ride or die breakfast buddy.
Really don't feel like working today... 80F in Seattle. Yay
in health class right now. GRRR. BORING! Missing my baby girl terribly. Going out looking for a job today. peace.
Every time I wash my car, it rains. Got a drought? Just give my a hose and a sponge.
I need to get my phone back cause without it cant make shit happen.
Thanks for the mention. Can't wait for #AmericasCup. We have an amazing menu in store!
#NF The Ever So Gorgeous ===>>> <<<=== Everyone follow her, She BoMb AF follow NOW tho!!!
I wish I was with you both! Have fun! Come to L.A.!!!! You make it so much better here! :)
Was gonna run to meticon bikes at lunch for bicycle tune-up, but monsoon got in the way. staying at desk.
All P. Burress does is catch TDs...
That's still a thing? The things you learn on Twitter. (Another thing I learned on Twitter today: It's National Cleavage Day.)
Have you seen what's going to be in the upcoming estate sale?
HT Thanks for the tip! Let's start putting together a library of resources...
Nope, no clue.
we don't have any openings at the moment, but we'll post online if we do.
k ;) follow me
Help give an amazing 2011! Spread the word!
Happy Mothers day to the best mom ever! I love you! 😘
it was a total Rick Perry "oops" moment!
Crazy Happy Hours tonight on special LUCKY CONTADINA ARROSTITA
. & you two are the best!! And the food was amazing & delicious!
what was your other one for?
SO pumped 😄
#MissionAccomplished RT : #NowINoe RT": I wait for to get off the bus so she knows its real.
I need someone to go #hatting with, you wanna help me out with that problem??? (:
#Messi today reminds me of late 80's #Gretzky. Just on another plan than everyone else.
Everything is working now. Thanks
a "rat king".
": Good night. Need to be in taft by 10am. Ugh Y SO EARLY???" Eto na ba ang simula? Haha
hope you make another song you are talented like china anne you can sing dance and your funky,fresh,&fun! glad to be with you
Thats pretty cool. You enjoy rock mainly? :-) do you have access to youtube?
I'm VERY willing to bet that Russell Wilson becomes better pro than BO... and was a better value too.
Coke Zero has saved my life :x
Email it to us so it will be easy to find later when we look through all entrys! :) good luck! :)
so so so over it
I love how all these Oklahoma people love Durant now, but they FORGET he went to TEXAS & all you ou fans was hating on him then huh?
The spirit of gratitude is a powerful energizer. ~ Wilferd A. Peterson
Everyone, 6 AM-- Melody Gardot is being interviewed on CBS this morning; you should all catch it! :) <3melody<3
I can do that for you
Somewhere between the end and the point where we begin.
Happy 4th of July to everyone.....
" Bitches pee& on they self ! "
Remember that Nelly record? Country Instagrammer?
A few favorite artists to download:
Thanks to e# (& elliott sharp trio) for "satan sandwich." Now that's a way to end the day!
I can't believe that I'm The Bachelorette when I'm on vacation. I killed cable and rarely watch tv and I can't stop watching this trainwreck
Have to catch a plane to Pittsburg at 7:20 AM Night Tweets....
C'mon Preds...one last push.
just watched the Torres hit on Hossa, its disgusting what hockey has become. i bet Torres only gets 3 games for that.
From what I understand, the training is more about learning proper documentatation, etc.
No idea, but I'd sure like to find out...
Elizabeth W. at #Groupon CS is a problem solving machine! Woot!
i made a perfect hair bun.
Botticelli's Birth of Venus?
Win a pair of Nordica skis tonight at Tavern Tech Center during the Bud Light promo from 5-7:00 PM!
Ha, thanks! Can you get that included in my next review? ;)
Ima just laugh "hahaha" and carry on 🚶...nothing but BS
What type of frappe do you like?<3 #CarmelAllTheWay :)
Huh. Apparently all I needed to make my computer stop running so damn slow was a flash update.
free posters online
Everything I got I got myself!
ur making me sad! I love you!
Going to London for the 1st time. Know any cool places I should check out?
PS. I like the Hanukkah-presents-every-day idea!
That flexibility/searchability is what is most appealing to me, too. Thanks, man.
Yay! Congrats to The Civil Wars on their Grammy Awards nomination for “Best Folk Album” and “Best Country Duo/Group Performance!”
I know. Blame my dad lol
sister soo pretty.. she look Chinese tho ijs but dang Romeo how boss man doing?? Your Dad
session done til tomorrow
Orientation on Wednesday!! ^_^
thanks for following us, got any startups you want to highlight?
Tired of admins saying class size doesn't matter. Try grading/ writing conferences. Would it matter if you had more teacher evals to do?
So far, has most informative tweet. Schedule of markup.
loved skypeing for 2 hours today. I miss you so much!
Leetaru: web is reality for general public now
Ops. Meant Smith.
Queuing up Monday for home opener, whilst reviewing The Day The World Discovered the Sun by Mark Anderson
Watching the Sister Wives clan on Anderson Cooper- sounds like wife number 3 is the one to be.
excited to start tweeting!
She buys me weird clothes online and calls me Sergio.
. Ppl overestimate # of climate deniers--maybe like college binge drinking, trick is to spread real #s & lower peer pressure.
Home from work which was a bitch. Fucking assholes who talk and don't do shit.
RT if you heard at least one of our songs today!<3
Finally it's nice outside. Mommy......Daddy.....Someone take me to the doggy park. GEEZ!
I love the weather but I wonder of we will ever see snow again.
nope. It was to slow. Ima gonna try again tho.
I have never tried one, sounds good!
Difficulty, my brethren, is the nurse of greatness-a harsh nurse, who roughly rocks her foster-children into strength and athlet
Prime Rib is on the menu tonight! Come indulge in 14oz. of pure bliss!
Sometimes the world is way too small.
gotta crawl before you ball
bring yo azz down to tonite free Malibu RED tasting tonight!!! Get ur free tasting & it's free cover to get it so why not come!
#turn #up #the #love #now #we're gonna save the world tonight!
But on the realz, all these crab niggas know the deal - nas
My friend was telling me about his one time sleep paralysis. Shit is scary!
I'm really, really worried about
Our team is located throughout the world, including our headquarters in Seattle, and our offices in Vancouver, Canada and in Cork, Ireland
pretty girl wants to get naked for me on her cam, don't mind if I do. :D
thank you :)
RT : Whatever that huge thing is called that confuses me in multiple ways throughout the day... U mean Taylor??
he's way better the cp3 and remember he got a ring to
Thank you, Britt, for your help. I really appreciate everything.
Maybe the gods will smile down on me this Valentine's day :/
sorry! So can you go to tonys tomorow?
d MoneyMakinMatt what up Matt its Phillip man are you accepting submissions for beats?
now if you can find some in superhero prints I might have to try and convince my wife to try wearing stockings
#20ThingsAboutMe I still obsess over the Jonas Brothers.
Best line from "Margin Call," a terrific movie: "Explain it to me as if I were a young child or a golden retriever."
Drew did NOT deserve to go home, I am literally crying right now from watching her elimination :'(
Just left my cousins house! what's up guys? :)
So sad the Diddy/Dirty Money Concert was cancelled in Jax. :(
But it is not uncommon for a spinster aunt to suffer from the latter as well.
Thanks so much for the lunch date today I'm going to miss you.
Senate begins debating future of U.S. Postal Service, is considering to allow the service to ship beer, wine and spirits.
We are interested in hearing from all voices in the education conversation.
Drupal 7 successfully moved from Ubuntu Lucid to Amazon's Red Hat rebuild. I think I installed every PHP module known.
Difference of opinion was never, with me, a motive of separation from a friend. Thomas Jefferson
But let me guess. You're probably against Planned Parenthood, too.
Thanks! Shout out right back at ya!
Cheese Cake Factory In a Few With Da Fam So Happy :)
Thank you to the Service Dept! YOU GUYS ROCK and are a place where all women can feel confident coming in w/out hubby!
It's funny how sometimes you do the most glamourous thing - like finishing and album and having a glamourous photo shoot...
OMG I LOVE IT <3333 the last one. and wow it took that long to write 2 sentences..
✰ #OnlineBusiness Tip: Include some incentive to visit your website, such as promoting a new product or noting a new blog entry.
False alarm dammit:(
Holy shit... 1....more...day. I'm so god damn hyped.
I got that book,you got one too,you got one too,I got that book...Oh well Sorry Andre Brown
I was pulling for them too. The match at Newcastle will be crazy.
HDDT audience members for this weekend's performances of Cleopatra, CEO. will be entered to win a free margarita Downtown LA!
uk we can wear boots
What an absolute peach of a goal from for his hat trick. walking away with this one.
Im too tired for this shit
Jiz may have used their key too many times... but we'll definitely want You back! Let's email? :-D
Hope you got the Red Clay Arts brochure. D'ya???
doing well. God has been real good!
#following back manito
Make the short trip to Winston-Salem to see Reynolda House, the historic mansion of RJ Reynolds.
Is it weird that I am sitting here wondering what's going on on Bourbon Street?
That's a tough one! Hope you get some good responses :)
Not in the best of moods :/
Thank you for reminding me that I have some in the frig. Cheers.
& - Thanks so much for the RT and helpin' us spread the word!
here you go.. I told you we are not goin lol...
Thanks my friend! I wish you The Best For this New Year !
not here
secretly very pleased I might get an android developer t-shirt from my G+ hookups.
I'm going (and house managing) on Tuesday if you care to join.
I feel a charge up coming...
One of the best ways to study is to go out for some ice cream and then get home and fall asleep.
You are 100% correct about that. And I missed last nights :(
Possible homelessness come August. I have couches in LA, NY, ATL, CHI, BMORE though, what are friends for!
Timely for semantifying Open URL framework for context-sensitive services based on ANSI/NISO Z39.88
Find out who's really there for me.
You're dead to me.
Kickoff time suckas...good luck to whoever. Go Trojans!
Thinking about getting physical...
I know! I wanted to so badly but I have to be at an event at 9am tomorrow. I'm coming to the show in Seattle!!!
Anybody in KC looking to host a gold party or fundraiser, check out Top notch!
#HA She blocked me on Facebook. Silly people.
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 64
Thanks man.
thanks I appreciate it
Why yes, yes I will skip out of work at noon to drink beer and eat wings while watching the tournament.
I'm so sorry. My sympathies to all *hugs*
thanks both - no baby yet :) she's taking her time.
I find that offensive. Hoe.
Political rows, regional tension impair business - Chicago Tribune
we are all human pink
Thank you, right back at ya! RT : you know what I love? You guys. ::high five::
Let me see what I can do. Have a safe trip!
good to have you home for a couple days. Hope to see you soon. Best of luck
All branches are up and running after #vairene except is closed today. & also closed for repairs
love you too 💗
RT : Three years ago today, 31.8 million Americans were on food stamps. Today, that number is 45.6 million.
Yonny Guaneme () has shared a Tweet with you: "Yonnyg: Leadership Mantra: Worrier or Warrior? Your choice."
So awesome.
“: To seduce a #Gemini appear new and exotic, well learned and witty.”- Yes So So True This Is A Turn On
it's my second! Love it. Needed a new one for work :)
“: Set your standards so high that it may seem impossible to reach them. Scare yourself with high standards of excellence.”
Yup - back to HK for me in early December, then again in late December to pick-up parts for CES. All part of the gig :)
Madison County Directors Band 10th Anniversary concert at The Paramount on Sun. Sept. 18. Tickets $5 at the box office before the show.
Statistic I heard yesterday: 50,000 law school graduates nationwide this yr, only 10,000 jobs for them. Can this be true?
I hate to talk out of school, but it's not like I have a choice. I'm not really allowed within 500 feet of one.
I mean, stuff happens...right?
Show love and kindness. Better world :)
Attention OVS members and friends in their 20’s and 30’s: Join us for a fun 1.5-mile hike through Sweetwater Creek Park on May 23 at 10 AM!
Women should keep condoms on them to !!
disappointed in sportscenter with the placement of 7 in top plays. You were a solid 6 mister.
I focus on human movement not biomechanics. If we focus on biomechanics w/out muscle & joint function we may miss something.
#Yankees pregame on YES....love it
relief....2nd base....lloyd too IMO
Someday, you'll realize how much you cared about her and how amazing she was. But, she'll already be with the guy who always knew.
SEM Manager: help launch the efforts for a new product offering focused on generating high-quality conversions for ourcustomers....
er.... "less than double your rate"
We're looking for a Dallas, TX area JavaScript pro to help with a project. Ping andy at unitinteractive dot com.
Slept on my neck wrong last night.. It hurts really bad! :/ Work 5:30-10:30.
lol you guys saved the world in 10mins that's way too fast other guys saving the world take 2hrs haha #ProHeroes lol
Good evening to everyone on twitter ...,Im hopeing everyone have a wonderful evening and a joyious and safe memorial day on tomorrow!!!~
Wow!! Small world, indeed! I love these connections! :)
Help us spread the word around the #NW !! You don't want to miss 2010!!
Such a lovely couple, but I can't see the flip flops!
Minds are like parachuets, they only function when they are open!
Monte’s wishes all of you celebrating this weekend a Happy Mother’s Day & to make your reservations here asap! 7188527800!
#MyBiggestFlaw my tummy :c
I have an audition for KFC today... do you think it's a sign?
Everyone needs Club angels in their life. I'm partial to the AAngels
I want a pick me up milkshake
Preach it Khristi Adams
“: RIGHT NOW, Rex Ryan's ass is itchy.” I bet it's always itchy. Bi don't trust his hygiene.
UGH MY LIFE SUCKS
Happy Monday to our new followers:
When you get to know your students as individuals, and they are not just a number, that us when REAL teaching can begin!
TECHNOLOGY BREAKS.......PAINT DOES NOT BREAK.
thank you ;) make it a great day!!
Quote of the day "I want you to Transubstantiate inside of me" -
Conan proved he's the best in the biz again tonight!
Somethings are better not being said.
Hello, your dancing impresses me. Thank you for following kelsea Webb x for her birthday.
I need to focus...today will be yet another distraction.
All these potheads in coral park are getting out of control.
Plz pray for cookie whos in the hospital after their car slid in the car and flipped
#Womeninbiz to follow
Alex Lobos, a more recent addition as a professor, will be on the drums
Happy birthday !!! We know the DJ
thanks! Fixing it now!
YOLO is the motto
Now developers can publish and sell their Symbolsets, fonts for GIS, symbols for applications, Styles easily.
I saw the block off on 59. Are you okay?!?!
GUYS FOLLOW NOW!
#FilmTwit grades are calculated, finalized, and submitted. Tomorrow, #APTwit2. I feel like August was just a few days ago.
can't wait for the show!
Ur the shit! "Back, like Britney" It's a no brainier to go off script, REAL humans are listening!
All I want right now is a massage
Another 5% for the Dow. Almost 7% for the Nasdaq. Should be a very exciting week.
Ima Put A End To All This Shit This Week
just keep drinking. It's what's getting me through at this point
Typically, when the pancreas is unable to manufacture sufficient amounts of insulin, diabetes can occur
In my tour of #Las_Vegas_Blvd parking garage top floors getting stunning viewpoints, it seems I've also been pocket tweeting. My apologies.
Front man of Megadeth says he doubts Obama was born in the USA. Obama says he doubts that anybody remembers Megadeth.
I more mean, "Who can get the most signups!!!" types of contests. Uh isn't that our jobs ;)
So true!
And probably know who got punched.
Art & Humanities Month - Visit a library to research a topic that one of your friends is interested in - Celebrate the Humanities everyday!
#damm aint been on twitter in a while
runnies still on for 6? tryina make three places.
It's such a nice day for Gorgeous out!
Im glad you came. ❤
My birthday is tommorow, and i wanna go to the world series in texas, anyone down?
I'll never love again ..
Oh gosh, don't be. Thanks for following back!
Hello New York! You have a lot of traffic for 10pm on a Thursday.
WE LOVE YOU MIKEY <3 :)
I guess it's sad to say I've been pushed to the ground so many times it starts to feel like home ...
The #Kentucky Wildcats are the best semi-pro basketball team in the nation.
First time in H&M and not impressed rly, clothes too cheap
Me and Cody broke up
Make sure to check out !
chocolate milkshake.
Happy Friday everyone and thanks for following
If you know what #CAFA means, RT
I've done nearly 30 years in the region as a whole: Sydney, Hong Kong , Singapore, and Bangkok.
Were never taking a WR high, what was I thinking.
showed me that. He loves me.
I love attention! But I refuse to get half undressed and act like a slut to get it?!
doing my egg osmosis lab. awesome stuff right there.
Ellen DeGeneres and John Mayer in one show.. At the same time..? #perfect #dying 😱😭😍❤
In ten days... It will be, 11/11/11. Cool
EVERYBODY I JUST MADE DA PAGE FOR THE TEAM GO FOLLOW & we'll follow back
Aw shucks, guys. Thankyouverymuch.
well thanks! i appreciate it :D.
My new website will be brand spankin new, i mean toe spankin new ...very soon,no peaking! your piggies will be smiling .. oh yes they will
Good Morrow To You & No Problem Good Sir.
you're welcome! It's a huge accomplishment!
that's a cool tree behind them! :]
when are we grabbing a drink lady?!?!
RT : One of our widows wants to know if you feel like you're on an alien planet. Do you? As if no one speaks your language?
u show just get 1 again
Ohh,which video was that?:)
Today is recording day: final touches on new video coaching that will empower athletes to play in the zone!
Yes! What a freaking album! Amen!
Welcome to the Brown Center’s new feed! Follow us for the latest #edpolicy research, news, and commentary.
The Alb Co Public Schools Fine Arts Show at Fashion Square Mall: March 6 - 20.
I'm starving but I don't want to get out of bed...
I would quit but I ain't never learned how
Driving my moms yukon! I feel like I'm driving a trailer!
why thank you!
wow just wow lol
loving all the zombies in session. Getting some good tips on how to survive an attack :)
Take a look at Nokero on Clean Energy Authority.
Sure is! RT: Ding ding, there goes the trolley - such an awesome asset for our tourists to use to get around town!
a beautiful day in Kaunakakai, Molokai!!!! Aloha and Happy Thanksgiving!!
your one in a googleplex<3
RT : Juniors and sophomores interested in learning more about should attend Spring Preview on March 23!...
You got that Correct! Ricketts is a Hypocrite!
MT : Really glad is so wisely pulling many threads together from earlier conversation
Great word. Thanks for the reminder.
We should give masochists a fair crack at the whip
Thanks for the mention. We're giddy to be here!
On ferry to Lanai Wed when we heard a tsunami was coming from Fiji then the diesel filters plugged & we limped along @ 1/4 speed. Weird.
hey , tweeted about you... you know you're fangirling on the inside.
ha I just saw ur tweet and I'm good u?
yeah it was horrible. But lebron and dwade are stars and they know how to bounce back
Thanks so much for the RTs and
"Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm."
thanks for providing the street trees that planted for the #OpOliver station at 's #EcoHustle!
Moved to Vita. Fits my tastes.
Chicken parm and spaghetti. Yum.
Two different styles of show though. Scandal is pure over-the-top soap while Revenge is more layers and plot.
like 15 times. It either says it doesn't recognize the ink or that there isn't enough. :/ it's getting annoying.
And to actually have a TV show just to announce his new team? I'm going to throw up. How narcissistic can you get.. #NBA #LeBron James
Happy New Year
I wish they could spend less time speculating and more time investigating and informing.
Best homemade clam chowder, ever.
I KNOW RIGHT!!! I like died laughing
Dodgeball Tournament always beats going to the Book Club meeting :( Oh well.
Your Welcome!
TIRED AS HELL! Seeing Ashly After School, YAY!
Tonight at Bistrot Lepic and Wine Bar, join the whole crew : violin, guitars, bass and volcals Django style. 7pm. No cover.
yay (: thanks (: you are how I get most of my followers (: you both are so nice (:
La Cofradia for valentines!!! Great menu at $59 per person, only at the best restaurant in Coral Gables
life never gets uncomplicated does it?
you're profile pic is REALLY awkward...just saying xD
hahaha have you seen "the baddest"?
I love #teamIntensity ! I'm not doin cheerleading next year just so I can have more time for y'all. - Zaona <3
#BabyThor I dig it.
Have to make something sweet now because Tara is rude and posted a pic of an insanely yummy looking cake.
Just finished a morning meeting - now it's time to get to work. #nodaysoff #occupywallstreet - how you doin?
My advisor, on wanting to work in rural North Dakota: "You are an exceptionally open-minded young man. Stay that way forever."
Have a great trip! RT : #BYA2012 start community stays w/ Tulsa Bozeman Charlotte!
The mixtape sounds good with great production value. You should be proud!
#ConfessionTime We should be best friends. Pals. You know
doesn't matter but you don't really need to, unless you're having problems. Though, you'll need to charge it every night
following that blue dream
aye s/o to TJT
RT : ROI isn't always about money, but also should incorporate the effort of you and your staff.
must be nice. I'm stuck watching this disaster
Lovee Mexican food !
Wow! UNC is KILLING duke! #blowout #espn#
"Even a broken watch is right 2 times a day". - unknown
heheh, what's the name of that amendment thingy... number 5 I think? ;-)
Keep your Schwartz to yourself.
Everyone keeps saying they're in their duffle -_-
says the same thing again lol
It was really light like that when I was younger. And why don't you do it?!
I do find myself much more receptive to kitteh sloppy seconds =)
History, Crisis, Solutions, Charts, Videos, National Debt, iphone apps, t-shirts... DeficitAid has it all. Come, learn, debate.
Wishing the 2011 LAC folks a happy packet stuffing party this week/end!
Said by no one never RT : The Mets game CANNOT START SOON ENOUGH.
My friend Kevin's her guitar tech...
Exhausted doesn't even begin to cut it!
it's just one game, but that's the Jordan Taylor Bucky needs the rest of the way.
we should petition for call-ahead orders at Publix. Drive up, get handed your bag, give them your card, and done!
hey am waiting on the track :)
I've already got Janáček's Sinfonietta playing. Think I've mentioned to you before that it's a favorite.
haha no way!!! I do all the time sir!! :) Charles is always open!
I love chu so hacking much.
How so?
I did
follow back? please..
This semester needs to end 😞
Wow.... It"s crazy clear w/ amazing stars tonight here in Sonoma.
heading out for Cal's bday - hit us if you wanna swing out!
Put garden-fresh green onions in my loaded baked potato salad. Awesome.
oh also, that's after opening his profile by clicking his name. THEN hover his profile pic. def. easier to do in tweetdeck
What an exciting day I had at Riverside Arts Market. Not only did I sell a lot of prints but 2 original paintings!!To view or purchase
Just breathe, Midori does that to people, your trance will brush off
🎶you've got the whole world in your bowl🎶
hm, I was strangely disappointed to find them.
"Woman, here is your son." (John 19:26) Jesus never stops caring for his mother – nor us.
#BillsMafia I think Baron is smokescreen it's gilmore or kuechly IMO :D
Wow, pleasantly surprised to see a shout out for City Year on here. My uncle in Boston, Hubie Jones, helped start that orgz.
agreed! I'll never forget the first time I heard White Blank Page 2 years ago? Hmm how convenient 
What year was the album “Come Fly With Me” released?
RT if you don't care what people think about you┌∩┐(ツ)┌∩┐
Thanks so much for the retweets!
Girl I know how much you really want somebody, want somebody that don't really need you.
Dear Internet, should I go out tonight?
I need to kiss Zayn,Liam,and Niall in this. Life time.
Thinking about going back to sleep *yawn*. Want to play tennis w friends later hopefully before it starts raining.
So sore. Too much gay sex- I mean, fighting, working out, and other manly things.
We are FABULOUS! :D I'm rating us whatever the equivalent of "exceeds expectations" is on EVERYTHING!
i hope it will be harder to do that at shoreline but probably not
I need someone to love me I'm a cool laid back homie lookn for love ya digg. Some give a nigga a chance. Yea I go both ways what's it to u
Petition now near 5k; awesome to see so many folks stepping up to the plate, grassroots & celebs
add them into the Bill Hall file.
New shipment alert:JOVANI, JASZ COUTURE & DANA MATHERS! We're open till 7...feel free 2 drop in & get glammed up!
Thanks for the follow Amber, we are following back, have a good one!
Bill k looks so happy taking notes
They got a new lil dude in br that sick with them beats ...he da truth Lil dude name Ag u need to hit that man up ASAP
So I'm officially the owner of 13th row tickets to the Big Time Rush and Cody Simpson concert for July 29th. Hell yeah.
something good came out of last night. Congrats papa Ax! You know you still have us here in the Brewer Nation.
#PCA I love Ellen I would go lesbian if she was on the market
miss my brother !
wow the Sixers are back lmaooooo
will there be an official music video!?!
Lady Gaga is performing at Radio City tonight and we just delivered some gloves for her entourage. Wish I could be there to see her perform.
It shows someone returning my app. :(
Doc Rivers on playing injured Paul Pierce: "I'm afraid to take him out, period."
#SomeoneIWantToMeet everyone in , because they're all so amazing and i love them all so much.
you're welcome. I checked it out real quick and will read when I have more time :-) also.sent you a Facebook request
OMG..so much drama for the 1st tribal council!!
RT : Just submitted! RT design for the United #Adworkers Membership Card Design Contest!...
Just posted some new #SXSWi pics on our Facebook page, check us out there, or message us to meet up at SXSW!
when bitches run for their lifes cus theres a bee and im just there. cus ima fearless bastard.
GAME DAY! Facing opponent, Trinity, tonight. Tipoff at 8 pm.
no way. We could've carpooled AND shared an office. THAT WOULD BE SO COOL I'M SURE YOU'D NEVER GET ANNOYED OF ME!!
When I win the Mega Millions, I'm taking everyone out for champagne
Are you enjoying our daily posts? Tell your friends to "like" us so that they can share in the fun!
If you received a holiday voxbox invite from Influenster, make sure to RSVP before the end of the day (Saturday Dec. 3rd)!!!
I miss your sexy ass! :)
Me too, FG not a guarantee. RT : I have no problem with Giants scoring that TD. Gotta take points.
Did everyone have a good extended weekend?
If my only choices are go big or go home, I'm going home.
-and honestly fanny pack should have gone home one of those 3 times of them being in the bottom, but if the producers do-
Thank you everyone for participating in todays pop up. You guys rock.
I so love it when I walk right in my apt building and all of the sudden I'm dying to pee and I'm not even in my apt.
": I want my 2 dollars" CLASSIC!
I don't have an iPad, but I assume that the game apps work for both the iPad and the iPhone. I like Lil Kingdom.
I watched it last night for the first time. I love it. I think it will be a great show.
Think it's a bad sign or a good sign that my waitress right now is wearing a steelers tshirt?
been there before, great for any meal! Burgers fantastic as well
LMAO. for real. maybe if they weren't so miserable they'd have a valentine. just sayin.
In 1965, LBJ invoked "we shall overcome" before Congress. Don't tell me it's just words Obama is using.
did you really just say that??
Yes, but don't delay getting services based on that. Kids' minds are extremely elastic--that isn't the only thing going on.
Again with the screens on 3rd down, no wonder we can't convert!
how is Tom Crean not BT COY?
hey! How u be lately?! It's been a minute!!
I hate the truth so much, I prefer a giant dose of bullshit any day over the truth.
great saving on hair extensions this month call Susan @ salon 617-389-1900 or email me
just in time for the SB after a great tennis match against my hot new neighbor
are you rooting for guys on your fantasy baseball team?
Dj double wide!!
Finally the big timers playing like they should
31st. And school and work :(
. is this getting picked up nationally at all? This a shame.
Happy Thanksgiving!!! :) Rejoice always, pray continually, give thanks in all circumstances; for this is God’s will. 1Thess 5:16
I wouldn't bring gay marriage up to this SCOTUS.
welcome home ;)
hi :p
to reading your blog posts as you meander through this new journey of fatherhood... :D
I can't stop watching this what not to wear marathon!! Ah
Can someone please send me this SQ interview please? I can't find shit. Help.
2008 white colbalt for sale... Any takers?
You following the Lottery w/jackpot OVER 500M? No tickts in AL but if you have an Illinois addy u can use u can buy a ticket ONLINE now!WOW!
“: I tried to recreate the breakfast that Dexter eats in the opening credits - every time I watch it it makes me hungry!” LOL!
I hope the Grizz have been saving the double off the pick/roll for Paul...force them to do something else. Paul can make it from 15' lol
your dogs hair!!
OD tired night everyone :)
u knw u gt a family discount crazy
I know you'll be glad for snow and stuff.
Daily GTKY question presents the conclusion of guilty pleasure week. What is your guilty pleasure?
IMPORTANT INFO: For the Mifflin Street Block Party this year, Mifflin St will not be closed, make sure to stay out of the street
I am really lovin the Ted Williams story. I so love second chances, third, fourth, whatever it takes to get your life on track. Keep tryin
if i must be a slave to habits make me a slave to god habits!
are you bringing a video camera? Where are you headed?
It's comforting to know I can look at your posts and just laugh at the funny ones. Even if I am just waking up, too.
Endurance is resistance to time dependent mental and physical fatigue. An endurance event is a test of that limit.
hmm. Toy story is cool, I cried at the end of the 3rd one, I need a reply to live.
On conference call with our fancy lawyer going over the final details of the contract... whew!
Sending my prayers out to all those affected by the tornado outbreak!
Thank you, Joe. I appreciate your timely response. Cheers.
RT : Moms: Take the time to renew your spirit and get inspired so that you can parent from your best.
I give #Revlon photoready airbrush mousse a big thumbs down, just returned to Walmart.
Goodmorning! We really like your show! Keep talking fast. Keep teaching. Lots of uninformed ppl out in TV land.
I can't tell if this person with extraordinarily large eyeballs and a swirled face uses hoards of drugs or just has a MacBook and an ego.
Yes you both are beautiful. Aw sounds like you had fun :) I remember her In Bridge to Teribithia haha.
The Fingersmith, Moonwalking with Einstein, Room are all very different books I've read recently that are good too!
Super Bowl was irresponsible, unbridled machismo and consumerism, and I loved every minute of it.
cheer up bitter single people, think of the money you are saving on dinner dates and GPS tracking devices
Officially done with gateways. Free at last!
To my East Coast friends stay safe and hang on tight. I will keep you in my prayers.
What's good!? Did you ever finish that BE track?
pretty close to Alabama I reckon ;)
Holloway-Attaway How can we use our affective experiences with texts to create and share our own collaborative practices?
If we are to teach real peace in this world, and if we are to carry on a real war against war, we shall have to begin with the children.
Fashion forward?
What does #LeBron owe #Cavs fans? WWW.USSportspages.com
When I do imagines they tend to be quite long! Just so you know and If you ever want one! ~Ashley
Game was poppin hole team did good me had a dunck a pice
whats up with your lions tonight?
That was such an interesting story! Thanks for the mention.
Finally got an alarm app that will wake me up to my music other than bad ring tones. Stoked.
Watching the Freedom Riders with 7 & 8th graders. Very inspiring!
Finals can kiss my ass!
I just sent you an email about your TVs. We are interested. Hope to hear back from you soon. Thanks. Scott B
First Friday - Featuring Two academy trained lifetime artists and agency art directors from Portland, OR
Love that the #Wizards had a players only meeting that was....15 minutes long. Yeah...had quite an impact.
So I probably um fucked that up somehow
Need Alterations? Stop in anytime!
okay i didnt mean it like that in okay do you charge a lot to be a producer because i need one bad
I love Justin's hair before, when he flips it. I mean its the cool thing, and I wonder if he got ears tho. Haha
there was no need for that.
could be fungus gnats. clean catch trays, buy sticky traps, or put layer of gravel over soil. spray with water/non-tox soap
#BlackParentsQuotes oh u want to run away... Hell ill pack your bag and drop u off
As Winston Churchill once said 'A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity, an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty'
could you please come to Wisconsin and sav
"Every woman needs her own checking account, swiss army knife, and a sense of self - With these things, she can do anything on her own."
"i want my purse back asshooooooles." - the hangover.
Moe's is my preferred as well. More toppings to chose from too.
Holy crap. I ended up liking the #50Shades trilogy way more than I thought I would. Hell, I like it more than
Were like twins! RT : im dirty, im lazy, and i dont wear pants.
our infrastructure partner is having issues w/ server outages..new signups & plan builds may fail. Should be clear by weekend!
Heh. Possibly the impetus behind all of this.
Just got the second installment of Omar Daniel's new piece and it looks great! Can't wait to record it on sunday.
off to China eyy? :/
Overall it was a good day <3
Merry Christmas Everyone!!!!!! Hope It's Special!!!!!!! -eric
hey i added all my followers pimp me how are all you doing out there new pic's just uploaded check them out ;D
Thank you for your prayers. That means a lot to us!
I love sluts
Don't leave me here alone.
damn twitter rules! RT : want to retweet but why ya gotta go and swear????
saw Black Death at the burton last night; readying my #beakdoctorcostume for Halloween
Red Sox vs KC or anything else? Anything else wins by a mile. NFL soon:)
it's a freebie for politicians to support popular teams, then spend our $ to lure them for their political benefit
going out to the lake to wakeskate (hmm maybe wakeboard) for the first time this year yeah!!
So much people w/ bad ass breath today. 😖
This morning w/ because 1 person really can make a difference!
whats worse than biting in to an apple and find a maggot .........RAPE
Not just another pretty face
How I loathe e-mail!
Sounds YUM, but I'm booked today. Sorry! Hope we can catch up sometime soon. (lol just got your phone msg too)
Psst...your owner is still Dan Snyder RT RG3 becomes a Washington #Redskin today. A new era? God, I hope so.
Don't follow this account erasing it! (: blahaha
twitters kinda cool..gonna use it to promote more.. got like 226 followers in 2 days..not too bad.
Some kind of new taco at taco bell
yes, but the case of "the NFL not disclosing the dangers" I don't agree, especially when many guys played since pop warner.
...your lip sync video Breaking Free High School Musical!!! Amazing how much it makes me laugh... Sad Remedy!!
Someone shouting in the backround. Anyone hear it?
It is highly probable that I will fall asleep sitting up today.
The holiest of all spots on earth is where an ancient hatred has become a present love.
Curly Weave? Yes please! LOL There is nothing like a
Everyone +1 Facebook.
That nap was essential 👌
per "Where are all the women..." Tweet, we'll have to get Julie Nielsen of involved next time.
u damn sure right about that
thanks for following!
Holy Crap! Our entire building just shook for like 10 seconds....We're going back to Cali... to Cali.....
Does anyone know how to sign up to play Monopoly CityStreets?
Mitt The Ripper?
Nothing against Dylan Bundy, but striking out Mark Reynolds is by no means an accomplishment
Whoa! Nice socks. Red Sox meet Redskins?
For everyone who keeps asking when the 1st meeting is it will be Sept. 15th @ 5pm in Room 314A. See ya there folks!
these sweet potato pop chips taste like coconut macaroons in my mouf.
John, would love to craft an experience with some of your classes on LivingSocial. DM let me know!
don't know their name. but they wear period clothing sometimes. and nun habits on Easter.
"Where are the jobs?" references (from both parties) in the Congressional Record between '09-'12: 357. Between '05-'08: 3.
“ major league do major things let them bitches do hater things . #rich”
Hates his employees
Pakistan has given the United States permission to interview bin Laden’s wives... as long as we promise not to turn it into a reality show.
IT'S THAT IMPORTANT
The greatest feeling in the world is to be around someone who wants to hold you, to kiss your forehead, and to be around you.
Anybody else think it's strange that the United State Postal Service is doing a partnership with The Biggest Loser?
Dancers if you are have any photos from this competition season, please email them to me! I am putting together our banquet slideshow :-)
people are saying I got it and others are saying they got it cause it's was two against one. I think I did good for two vs one
that was a funny video!
hehehehe you're so cute! come ova friday to meet king scout👑🐶 you'll be like i eat choyse only on poyzza ployse.
The current federal minimum wage of $6.55 per hour (effective July 24, 2008) will increase to $7.25 per hour (effective July 24, 2009).
Newt's about to speak.
RT where in the first do you think you will be drafted?
Tweeps check out DrLee to get filled with light, love and wisdom!! Keep Shining Brother!
#DBUalum, did you play a sport while you were a student? Tell us about it!
The akward moment when ur buying wine & the cashier looks at ur Id and says first I was 22 that year and also my mom died on ur bday....
Only been in my new place for a couple days and I'm already headed out for the weekend. BUT ASCAP is worth it! On the road tonight.
Happy "wish I never met you" Day! (that's what my mom says) sometimes you have to create new celebrations when the old ones cease to exist!
Thanks! It's really not easy to suffer through this minefield of stupidity every day.
You're so precious, Luna. Thank you for the encouragement. Xx
Dislike the new color question-WHY do we need to take out crayons?! What was wrong w bears?
The sky is the limit
I've been getting into reading more and more.
Oh my gosh Cameron, you got a haircut! (I bet your mentions are filled with this, hahaha) :)
June 20th at The Conservatory.
Our psychics will be at the VFW Post 7119 at 6605 Lee Road on Friday the 12th from 5-9 ... Come see us!
spam sauce
hey! How you doing?
ty for not destroying my story . try to have a restful weekend
if you do tell everyone a couple Gay life exists from you
In need of a new avi <<<<
I'm opting for leftover cookies. (Told you I'd come back for round 2!)
3 New Photos up! Woo!
Nice 7 mile run this morning temps in low 90s. Attacked by a dog that jumped from a car window to chase me down. Wha? Like a Tazmanian Devil
The only way today's game could have been better was if men were playing and I actually cared.
"buddy the elf, what's your favorite color?"
Refinancing homes talk and they show Geithner. Sigh...
Teach me, and I will be quiet; show me where I have been wrong. -Job 6:24 -- Bible Scripture ()
WI Shootes White with win in Waukegan behind Branden Williams and A.J. Mueller.
Don't wanna feel sick.. :/
Happy 4th of July!!!
I was @ game last night. He was lights out. He had just hit a big three when he got hurt.
Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Ryan Reiss
Great choice, Erin!
Just finish calling pasadena jail to complain about how they treated my celebrity client.
You're way too pessimistic.
RIP Levon Helm. Will blast Ophelia in your honor tonight. You will be missed.
: needs #Followers to
U G L Y You ain't go no alibi You ugly you you UGLY ;))
That doesn't sound healthy. Unless you mean red bull. But that wouldn't be good either.
hey rob how are you and ro doing!?? Xx
how long are you there for? I get back on Tuesday
I have two NEW residential window jobs this week, thanks to Twitter!
"Confidence is arrogance under control" - Walter Bond
always great stuff from - if you need help in this social media world and you are a non-profit - follow her
Pulitzer Prize winner Holland Cotter to be this year's MICA Commencement speaker!
Mission impossible made possible!
The black market this time round is damn fast lor.
Same with Outkast - Funky Ride
Yoga Poses & Equipment : Yoga Clothes
you get a baby! Everyone gets a baby!!!
looks like Obama is dancing with the stars!!! What's next???
I have to balance Tim LaHaye with Taylor Swift. Isn't that right, ?
going to the avengers! all are welcome
i don't get why people always bring up the past. its over.
love ya:)
Lucky !! I wanna go to the mall !
yayyyy so excited to hand off to you :) love you too!! Let's kick some ass
You'll be brilliant! Praying for calm nerves and some of your trademark contagious enthusiasm.
pretty good, you? And I gotta go so talk to ya later :)
Nigga you know :)
My bro knows him, were on EFF board together. His work is fascinating, outside my expertise, but worth struggling through.
you should've given Sean Rouse credit when you stole his joke. & the title of a cd is the name of your show?
Thanks for being our guest and giving us a great review!!!
no! Not at all! She sent me a sweet text to brighten my day, and I loved it!
The mind is a crazy thing.
super tuesday and looking for some hu action
don't be mad now lol. Good game tho.
Makin big moves today
bought my mj22 striped ebony 12 string 13 years ago. Still sounds amazing. Thanks for great a product.
o Hell naw..they ugly
Is Justin Following is his mentor's footsteps? #Usher sympathizes with #Justin Bieber's problems.
“: im really glad the economy is in great shape and iran isn't getting closer to the bomb so we can discuss this stuff”
Thx Jim. I see you have a Nascar column? RT : “: Appreciate having on the show tonight.". Good show!
First Tuesdays w The Midwest Independent Film Festival screen LAST RITES OF JOE MAY (Dennis Farina, Steppenwolf) Tues Nov 1st!
no s?
Student initiative for solar panels on univ. townhouses. Report by end of next week. - Richard Payant, Director of Facilities Management
I got $100 on Sarah Jessica Parker to win it all this weekend
Bought a Flip Video Camera! Already have 2 videos uploaded to my youtube
what series? Is that #NHL? Its the only series I have not watched.
thank you!! Miss you tons!
I forgot that's his top speed!
Excuse me. Would you mind dancing like no one's watching someplace where I can't see you?
Did they? cause it is fucking up my chi big time
what is?
Well, any effort to maximize your potential and ability is a good thing. - Daniel Goleman
the same percentage of congresspeople who read it before they passed it.
Hi, I'm a reporter w/, I saw your tweet abt ur brother being a Devils fan, can I talk w/u for a story? Thx, let me know!
Another good superbowl!
dam my coworkers are messy!!!
Playing with the Rez Youth Orchestra at the Overland Park Convention Center for an off site Easter service. Come join us, service is at 9:45
what r u doing over there
I followed now you.
I never wanted to be a player, I always wanted a fairy tale :'-/
Don't sit there and try to hum a song if you don't know it.
. As I see it, it's not that they aren't speaking truth as making choices about which truth to speak
watch them pull an NFL/NHL and decide to wear colored jerseys at home.
I think those #cuse uniforms make them look like robots. I like watching robots play basketball against humans.
Thanks to and his dope music:), I know of Allen Stone who I'm going to see in Portland this Sunday! $%#! Yeah!
Good choice! :)
Thank you for making the car trip. Great picture.
Metric-Eclipse(all yours)
HANG ON
Way to have some restraint Kristopher! I know you wanted to crosscheck the hell outta him. That is why:
Photographers, as we get closer to tax day, April 17, word of the day: Receipts!
Thanks for the RT, Sarah!
Thanks for the follow. Doing the same. Will be in touch.
cloud or dedicated?
He starts to play with his balls while you giving him a blowjob
: How much money do you think Obama raised today after his announcement? Hopefully millions and trillions and gazillions of dollars!
Want to go to THE BIG IDEA?? "Tip-Off" is moments away so here's a special offer. Enter MARCHMADNESS as a promo code for 60% off tickets!
There is no safety in numbers, or in anything else.
Blue actually got one right!!!
RT everyone in Kansas get down to Hartman Arena in Wichita now. performing at 7. let's have a good time.
I'm liking Living in Vegas so far. My family is here and it's pretty laid back!!
Wtf!!! This traffic is ratchett! I'm pissed, this sum bs. Ugggghhhhhhh
When have the Packers/TT not drafted for need? Sherrod / Bulaga / Clay / Raji / Perry. I can see Jordy but he was a 2nd.
Rocking out to "Tim Tebow's Fire" while getting these status reports out the door.
Don't Send Me Spam Messages Early This Morning.
Ikr u play lax?
You should quiz the rep on the terms and conditions. I bet they haven't even read it themselves. :)
yeah I do why?
Appointments still available for brewing with Great Lakes tomorrow! Call now!
No because I hate that their is a player that just has to focus on two aspects of the game.
i love this half time show!!!!!
I luv my followers
love you <3
Thank you so much for sharing all of that. It does look amazing! What a treat!
did you ever see the girl again??
Organoderma beverages cleanse toxins from the body aiding in weight loss.Good for you and tasty too!Check out my website.
Roscoe Smith bangs another three. This time without the backboard. Better scream and chest bang this time around though.
Thank you Anne Holliday and WESB-AM in Buffalo, NY - great interview!! Love your show!
If there's more space, I'm only at 7 leagues this year, still have room for more.
Do seem a step above , but then again most dates aren't on TV. Chalk it up to the nerves.
I agree. #nba season opening tomorrow is gonna be sweet. A lot of great games on tap. Go #lakers woo!
let's make it happen bruh !
With this wisdom in my hand i have decided to drink hopslam > nugget nectar... and enjoy the ride
I like seeing all the positive feedback and support for your classmates on Twitter in
Eating lunch with
"noon, sunlight, walking down the street 10" - Best interview ever
much of what makes life unpleasant is your worry that you’re missing out on something more enjoyable.
woke up in tears imissuy brandon come back i can't take this iloveuy:(
Looks like ima need get on some birth control when my boo get out.
Cancelled my Backpack account today. Never quite clicked with it — a big todo.txt file and Dropbox works really well.
Florence and the machine at radio city!
what is it?
Hey everyone :]
RT : Tomorrow is Season Announcement Day! Join us here to learn @ 2012/13 & for a chance to win free tix throughout the day.
you know it lil bro
#sdmayornp "arts and culture needs to be defended in its own terms"
Our director has retired, so we're throwing him a going away party!
#milwauke Carpe Diem! Make the most out of your day! Work hard today is going to be great! Stop in the store and take 10%off w/ code
Purplespace is sending good vibes your way. :-D
are you guys heading out here as well?
That would be a travesty. A mug it is!
I just want to lie in bed and watch TV but I can't find my glasses.
Another migraine so soon after this weekend's 3-day migraine is just so cruel.
Very cool! Thanks!
Really like this song (: - purple sky ♥.♥
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!! -very big fan
S/O to for being a stranger.
it is insane! I thought the same thing too.
I haven't met your parents, but they have to be swell people. You are a darn good person, Mr. Gartmann.
I hate the commercial of that girl who asks Siri "is that rain?" and Siri says "yes, it's raining". BITCH GO LOOK OUT A WINDOW.
Teen: Do any of you (the authors) like Twilight? "I am a feminist."
My hand is messed up because of byron. never playing scorpion again.
Looking for a close place to workout? Look no further than ! Formerly known as Aspen Penn Square
Replay my weekend. Minus my homie being deprived of the good times we should of all had together.
Will the #Yankees make it? 2K Sports Names Detroit Tigers’ Pitcher, Justin Verlander, as Cover Athlete for Major League Baseball® 2K12
I just remember I had a HUGE test that's worth like 50 million percent of my grade, tomorrow. And I thought I was next week!
well done!
I'm praying that God will allow me to have the focus to work on my own projects this year.
#YouKnowItsConcertWeekWhen you haven't slept more than 3 hours every night.
Watching cedar point videos! Can't wait for prom and post prom this weekend!
Today, airplanes are shooting stars.
Took a leap of faith, thinking I'd crash and burn. But you caught me, showing me another side. (:
Heat in 7 I'm rooting for indy
“: so excited for some stickers from ! #coolestthingever” thank you for the love!
& txting too, you played me too. But we aint gne get on tht subject
Yay! If you ever want to do, you know, a practice run or something at the current Her Table, His Bar aka our house, let me know! ;)
French bread is gonna cause my downfall.
So as I was saying about Hamilton after his second homer...
Since I'm late I might just go to McDonald's
so is that who's saying bad things about me?
Its 80 degrees out, no school tomorrow, pool opening, one day of hs left, exempt from 3 exams. Thank you jesus
I feel like 50/50 with Maya Rudolph but I LOVE her. She is HILIARIOUS! :)
it's not embarrassing...if anything we have all learned something today
especially when traveling, drove 4 hours north yesterday, didn't know how to dress :)
Bubble bath. Then bed.
everyone can't be Syed :P
both of y'all graduated from BG and then got married
Should I go see Youth Lagoon tonight or not?
Dear : W/ a season of funky Aztec prints & brights, you absolutely nailed it w/ your SS12 Black/White trends. I loved each piece!
In search of peace w/ my creator, nothing else equals in value.
#AustinComeToChile #ChileIsWaitingForYouAustin we want u here
she got that 4.0 cubic feet going on
Session with Burb-N-Hitez and D Bridge has joined us tonight
there in spirit!!!!
Mets win in well unorthodox fashion over he SF Giants
Paul White speaking to us via Skype about the 5 Languages of Appreciation in the Workplace.
let it be known that my 9500th tweet was about farts
i will be so pissed if Robert Pattinson plays Finnick in catching fire. no.. just no
Kalsu was one of the toughest WODs we have ever done at SinCity #crossfit. James was the only one to complete it with full weight!
Love me or hate me, i swear it won't make or break me
Who's to say I'm not a ninja already? :o
Happy National Student-Athlete Day to all of our incredible Baruch varsity student-athletes! GO BEARCATS!
Extended takeaway fr Emma Anderson talk on "North American martyrs" was importance of relics for beatificaiton. So if you don't have many u
Renember the Zoey101 theme song? I do...💜
You're a dumb ass.
Perkins limping off to the locker room could be a good sign for Dallas at least for a few moments, he is like a mosquito to them
Sometimes I mistake activity for productivity. My bad!
We'd love to have ya! #BratPizza RT : Thanks for the follow! I need to make it a point to stop in there soon!
Introducing whisk Reputation. Outsourced, professional Yelp feedback management and more... Are you in?
so, I haven't submitted much poetry lately. I just changed that.
One thing I NEVER forget is what people have done for me or done to me , Just be careful because God has a crazy way of doing things lol
Thank you for the follow, John Enjoy the Remember Shakti tour. What a great idea. :)
RT : Heins trying to segment the market into "BlackBerry People" and "smartphone users."
#Jesus #quote Romans6:12 Sin must no longer rule in your mortal bodies, so that you obey the desires of your natural self.
Nah. We're Just Players!
That's what I thought! They hosted a safety seminar in Feb. Need to work on the group. 6 or 7 balloons flew Sat. morning in ATX.
No trust. Got my wall up. Can't get hurt. I'm cool.
Love @ First Bite! Sink UR teeth in2 a nite of a #romance & #passion Dress like a #Vampire this Friday & get in for FREE!
Body ovr PC fresh #veggies are essential to preventing #diabetes, but #spinach, #collards and #kale are full of minerals
You going to make 's 7pm service tonight?
Chandler, Tempe residents to gather for G.A.I.N Cities are encouraging residents to come outside and meet one another.
Obama is back where he belongs....
RT : April 1st is the day that most people try to show that they are witty, only to prove beyond a doubt that they are not.
Getting up early always makes me feel like more of an adult. Wish I had the motivation to do this everyday.
Our grain-free noms are popular. Or the honey rosemary chicken. They smell awesome too!
So ready for the weekend.
Your future depends on your dreams. So go to sleep.
I wish... got to hang on until the 20th when I head to NC for a southern thanksgiving extravaganza.
I might. it's supposed to be cold tomorrow
Go Follow --> # PLEASSEEE For me it's my sister ^^
Sick, I wana #husky dog!
I appreciate those who appreciate me but excuse my bad habits an mannerisms
I'm totally fine with not trying to found the next Twitter. Start-ups are hard enough when you actually have a revenue model.
Haha It's ok. She was with Ashley benson. It was "First Friday" last night so there was a street blocked off and there was (c)
Problem is we'll never know when it really ends. Ownership will fudge the numbers even beyond the point of believability.
RT “: Success begins with a good feeling about where we are and a positive attitude about where we want to be. -I. Vanzant”
Can't wait for
I love you bro ( : , We needa chill asap , not playing ! <3
Canappi is really geared towards building mobile solutions, so the UI model is trying to be ASimpleAP
Pizza & A Pitcher Night! Buy a Pitcher, Get a FREE Pizza! Tonight we also have $2 Guinness Taps & 3 for 3 Deal - 3 Miller Shorties for $3!
Love music but won't listen to newest collaboration. If this song dies a quick death, it's due to the other artist
things are planned out really well
I hate when girls call other girls who look nothing like them their "twin"
A fair share of academic & private libraries w/o programmers either, alas.
As usual, a fight ruins a good night.
He needs some ridalin and some sleeping medicine.
I'm thur there when I get done grilln
Get up slugs!
Watch for high water on the roads. Turn around don't drown!
In bed watching Jerseylicious.
but it's old.. and cold.. and so very full of mold.
Happy Mothers Day!!!!! Especially to the single moms who do double the work
For a person that I love to understand me... They must know when to thank me... And when to appreciate me... And the difference.
I'll be your shower fluffer... (: lmfaooo; that sounds dirty, no?!... I mean, right?!
I don't get why I put everyone before my self and end up feeling stupid
Lemme put my birth certificate up before I hit my aunty with the "I coulda sworn" lol I always say dat when I lose shit
Watching some Tom and Jerry.... Those fellas crack me up lol lol
You're welcome :D
Jack Johnson/John Mayer pandora time! #chillmode #lovinthisrain⚡☔💦
Well that was a fail 😞.
Great interview with Tim, I thoroughly enjoyed it. Why didn't you stay in Indy to watch the SuperBowl?
good luck hippieboy
that's cool. Thanks again!
Damn you preview and the fact you can't rotate .tifs without screwing them up. Gets me every time.
our apologies: the corsair show is at the southern, not the
who want my number
You left me, just when I needed you most.
Lol.. they jus dnt get it... I dnt give a fucc about yo money so u can stop and move it on along. Lol shit
thanks :D
The average adult falls asleep seven minutes after turning out the light
ah, found it.
I LOVE when you look at me like I'm Amazing!
Exclusive Discount: Save $15 on European-Esque Eyewear I don 't know about you, but I collect sunglasses! But lately, everything in the s
Happy Monday, MTCP'ers! Who performed in their school musical last weekend? How did it go?
With the parents eating tasty fish.
Hope you have a wonderful birthday bro.
Desperate much?
Thanks, Lisa
QoTD: "He who fears being conquered is sure of defeat." (Napoleon Bonaparte)
Finding Nemo. Again.
wow! thx, stout-hearted Max!
Just got my CD in the mail! Super excited to take a listen!
lol well lets hope not
Some dudes are so desperate that they will do anything..#Sad!!
Wishing my friends the best of times this summer, you will be missed. I'll hold down BG for y'all. :)
*exits TL* Ion Wanna Hear About You Bitches && 106 && Park..
Sounders match, too!
#KFC, stop running ads showing people eating on the bus. Not a transit agency in the country allows eating or drinking while riding.
RT : Last night was one for the books... and erybody else lol...
LOOL, broo we need to hang out soon <3
and for $79 year u get amazon Prime; 2 days free shipping on all purchases
Any fool can make history, but it takes a genius to write it. Oscar Wilde
Just saw My Girlfriend's Boyfriend and it was flippin' phenomenal! Seriously wonderful.
Hanging out with Emily and the baby(;
Rams bounce back with road win in Muskogee OK and get to 11-3. Still a long way to go. Our 4th game in 9 days - all but 1 on the road
Humber<Billy Chapel
Tapping out early. I put the pedal to the metal too often.
From LA to San Diego... Here I come =)
"The minute I'm out of town / My friends get sick, go back on the sauce / Engage in unhappy love affairs (Philip Whalen)
SECCA is having a drawing for a free iPad during the opening of Out of Fashion on Nov. 3. Drawing sponsored in part by ComputerTree.
The best thing about dating a pastry chef is having the greatest breakfasts ever made for you.
Man Riding Bike from Poland to Pensacola in Memory of Wife
Ryan Hollins and Greg Stiemsma completely changed trajectory of this game. Somewhere, Andrew Declercq is smiling
CRASH: Officer involved crash has the intersection of Willis and Haven blocked in North Portland
Serena, Isner shine on clay as 'Nadal season' begins The clay-court season began last week and the result was big wins for Serena William
Atreus in on now! Next up: Road of Refugees followed by Stealing Aphrodite and then Calevodium!
getting slammed at my favorite Dennys...
RT# If you think the best generation was born in the #90's
I just used the credits on to ask a question about then I got to use more credits to ask its CEO. Brilliant.
I'm really gonna miss my baby sister while she's in Tampa this week
Public service announcement for All WHITE PEOPLE... Game 7 of Bruins Capitals is tied and in the third period.
It's better than cell phone usage, promise! ;)
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-22
I'm bout to go from a Andriod to a iPhone .
tonights menu: I think I will head for a little Oregon Reisling. Still selling oregonwine.co and cawine.co anyone interested?
What up King? Whats goin' on? I remember seeing you at the LES event with the kids.
"hold on, Eva longoria is texting me"
Getting a tatt and this shit hurts.....
- you are very wise.
W.beyondthescoreboard.net vs is gonna be a good one.
#IfIWereAPet I'd sleep easier in November!!
The minute I tweeted about sp*m I got multiple sp*mmers. ZAP
#imagine Harry climbing into your window at night and then going under the covers to sleep with you.
Rangers-Devils in the Eastern Conference Finals? Even as a hockey fan, that will be painful to watch...
Never Stop - Safetysuit
I met this morning. Holy Crap I'm thankful for being here!!!!
I went to my storage space today and looked at my guitar... Can't wait til I can play her again
Now open until midnight on Fridays and Saturdays.
I only found you cause LeBron. You are a celeb X.
is on it's way now that it's the month of May! who's going?!
Our website is down until tomorrow, please see our temp site at www.deidhrafaheyphotography.com!
HELL YEAH COREY HART!!!!
So stoked for the iPad 2S unveiling on March 7th!
Definitely in the minority!
Why won't simplepie in #Joomla throw an error with invalid URL? I just get 500 internal server error GRR!
I just got home from my soccer game, wbu?
then it's not worth watching this week. ;)
I breathe again
Great! God news. Share new smile ))
or if you know something is gonna be really stressful and scary
An ant always falls over on its right side when intoxicated.
Hope you have no outstanding parking tickets--once they get started, it may be difficult to slow them down!
#IDidNotMakeTheRulesIJustFollowThem That's because the economy is always more important than nature
please check your Inbox
No dumbass, not all guys are like that.. pretty sure not everyone falls into that sterotype.
Gonna visit my grandparents later....
I cannot handle this.
cant wait to see our babe : )
I saw Roberta Gambarini at Jazz Alley this week. Great time with friends.
We have all had those tweets that are simple and innocent and expand to include loads of ppl for a long time. THAT!
deeeelish. great space too.
Nice slippers!
Tied. OMG
Whats the details? (:
thanks brother!!
And :)....I'm also wondering about a good, reliable herbal that infuses a pretty pink color that will be sweetened with agave and iced??
RT Why b*tches be taking advice from other b*tches that can't keep a man theirselves ?
I think my cat might be cross-eyed.
Apparently Tom Wahl's feels $$good$$ about the Wahlburger. Really $$good$$!
Or maybe one person doing both things?
The only thing between me and the end of this semester is 150 words.
hopefully williams doesn't end up like the last two guys to borrow it: Humphries and Walker
#nowplaying Right By My Side by and <3
new phone(: its pretty gnarly!!
Hair, like Gia's.
it was the hunger games...the movie differed so much from the book!
nice I bet your heavy stoked.! :)
unfortunately it was committees for my org that were lacking strong leadership volunteers...had to learn to say no!
In Jesus Christ's name, i pray 4 this daily bread, this daily drive, n this horible rain tht u may bless it 2 kill all the creepers, Amen.
Very well done and interesting presentation regarding the best social media practices! Thanks
Leaving to Seattle at 6:45 am getting back home at 5:30 and then coming home to eat. Head back to school for Mr.Panther!!!!(:
I'd be excited about the Crew tying it up, but there's nothing exciting afterwards.
In omelette heaven ...great brunch!
Now this lady know them fucking heals are to fucking small for her feet... her toes hang out super far.. DAMN
3 Seasons Deep And Still Wondering Why Nobody Told Me About This Show Dexter....It's So Serious...
The Brew Dr. Kombucha wagon is set up at the 4 Peaks Music Festival in Bend, going on tonight and tomorrow. Hope to see some of you there!
Ditto...after this weekend, I'm so tired...
Some chips and queso would be #nice right now
Yogurt and frosted flakes
Playing #TweetWarRoulette again, ? Somehow ended up with and this week? Spin again!
What are your thoughts on #Facebook #Timeline?
I appreciated that Sarabande B&B's subtle flower theme won't cause death by doily! Lovely place.
#wheniwasacrab Ellis tried to charge the marching style n the #marching101 went crazy. I was n shock(n freezing) the whole time
Utah Chamber Artists’ forecast calls for ‘Rain’
haha just that atmosphere sounds like a few favs of mine :)
These frickin high sticks!
Round 5 Tonight?
just got updated business cards... now HIRE ME!
Just sent an email to the president (of Vassar, not USA.) I can't recall having done that before. If she replies, I'll tweet about it.
obviously today just does *not* exist. Thought it was Friday all. morning. long.
So, tomorrow I'm going to bring strawberries and cream, strawberry rhubarb, apple, and apple dulce de leche. I think.
That sounds awesome! That restaurant just got added to my bucket list.
Sweet goodness we Florida residents are loving this delicious weather!
Tnx for the follows and RTs!
read some books
im good, how you been
Book! On what?
You guys do awesome work!
"it's your house!". Scare of you Texas lady. But you are right on not for but what Mitt does and not say.
#TerrificTuesday love u guys!!!
Check me out at tonight. Rockin it in the new Dj booth.
miss you guys!
final speech at #sm4np about the work of nonprofits... spot on! We are selling happiness.
no thank you (: just let me know if you need a bigger size.
Thank you !
"What do you wear to the future of genocide?" - Jose Esteban Munoz (2011) The CFP is out for #CES part deux!
had a really great time serving with #wewillgoministries this morning and thanking God for such a beautiful day :))
Awesome game 4! #NBA #Knicks vs #Heat #Follow us if you love #Entertainment like this! #TeamFollowback (#Heat #Knicks)
Javale slip screens are the funniest
happy b-day
happy birthday to you 🎈
[4 - 1] DC United beat NY Red Bulls
the only reason I'm holding off on getting a new phone is because I'm afraid it wont be Twitter eligible
Welcome! Enjoy your visit. :) RT : Touring university of Wisconsin-River Falls today! :)
I need some coffee :o
I cannot believe they had Lucroy bunt. What a WASTE of an out.
Freaking the fuck out !!
haha cosmos I remember him
reading a software mgmt book, I found I knew everything inside but was doing little of it. Is software management @ startups just different?
#ButtonUp it's a bit chillay.
the TEBOW haters are fakers ... Fake bronco fans are they fn blind the team was with out a heartbeat TEBOW rejuvenated
But Anyways That Cirriculum Fair Was Packed Me N Kaysha Was Walkin Around Togetherr
Some fool go come up with a dance for that ron artest elbow watch..
Localmind: Wheres a good place for night life partying around prospect? Answer: Jose's Court is probably the best bet these days.
So true! Learning rules.
isn't just about the best thing ever?
Happy Thanksgiving!!...
They Suck ! ugh I Cant Even Eat Anymore -_____-
Finally Taio Cruz is on stage! Thanks to everybody that came out to KISSmas Bash part 1, see ya for Bruno Mars!
Publishers prefer Word 2004? Wow! I would have thought the XML-based document format would appeal to them.
2B honest I'm dreading it - we're talking NO access to the launch during the races over a 3month period - not to the beach or Bay
on Austin City Limits. Awesome!
Thats what Colts fans said a year ago about Peyton RT : But I don't see Joe getting injured he usually plays through the pain
Friendly AND Delicious!
Really? Oh okay, the season finale right?
CALIXTRO creates stunning art for all your company's marketing needs. www.michaelcalixtro.com
Q&A: Annie McClanahan points out that the weight-to-space ratio for dogs in kennels is much more humane than the prison system.
Love leaves a memory that no one can steal ; But it also leaves a scar that no one can heal ♥.
I WON THE #Flyers vs #Penguins GAME IN FANCAKE! BOW DOWN TO MY GREATNESS AND WORSHIP MY FEET!
Consider it done!
Frittata Ford Coppola: sausage, mushroom, and onion frittata topped with marinara and parmesan cheese with toast and hash browns.
will do
Highly recommend
This Kanye fellow has some musical talent. He's a bit vulgar for my tastes, but so was Hemingway.
ha. But what will we use for the all-access pass?
Wake does understand their game is tonight right?
Christ almighty! - Got in himmel! - (I'm jammin)
omg triple digits!
Cong. Barney Frank on JPM losses: "goes counter to the bank’s narrative blaming excessive regulation for the woes of financial institutions"
Well crap. guess it's time to upgrade the old desktop to Win7. Been dragging my feet on this for long time.
Congratulations on your nomination!
oh yeah true
Victory loves preparation
your tweets make me mad we aren't friends. thought you should know.
Holy crap, if I didn't think it'd shave 10 years off my life...I'd drink 10 Dr. Peppers a day.
you and 50 cent bout to squash the beef?
have fun at the Thunder Run. I bet it will be pretty sweet. See you tonight!
I keep thinking tomorrow is Friday!
love you lady can I get a follow and #for the youth
Very nice weekend here. Hope yours was too.
just received my B.A. in English, now I'm studying to be a Registered Dietitian.
you know I will!
Hi Kelly!:]
Yes. Does his new game have a feature where you can WD with an injury? Or curse after a bad shot?
I can't come up with the word to explain how bad bryzgalov has been.
The roofers chased my kitty away.
Girl bye
Nice. :) Congrats.
So I'm ready. Just put on my yellow and gold sweatshirt. Now...we wait.
Wow...Michigan deficit matched largest this season at half. They have their work cut out
Nope. Knew that since I was 4 years old. “: #thingswelearnedontwitter: People are stupid, obviously.”
+1 Strongly agree, as software capital needs fall early-stage firms should get smaller,not larger. $ is commodity, help isn't
Aw, you're sweet! I have a great career already, but I could sure do a lot with five minutes singing on national television. ;-)
I love my wife.
#Lakers need to pound the ball in and push these
“: In honor of LeBron's 3rd MVP, KIA unveils the new 2013 KIA LeBrontima" It gets 3/4 of the way there and then the engine dies.
Thanks, we are so excited about it! We'll post pics and video highlights, so it'll almost be like you were there!
It's Game Day! Can't wait to head down to my first NYC Chapter game watch... Go #RedHawks!
Here I am writing a report but feeling End-of-Fridayish when my friends invite me to the intriguingly named 'Goosetown Tavern' ... (log out)
Crab cakes and boiled shrimp for dinner with Jimmy Buffet background music. Tampa, FLA style.
I would but I work tomorrow
Running on two hours of sleep making double-doubles all day and I've sill got a smile on my face :D
#AskMindless can u give a shout out to my bestow teyera (tiera) her BIRTHDAY April 6
It's going to be a long boring weekend/week.
#Chiefs Rookie Camp. Martin Rucker is definitely built up to the size he needs to make it in the nfl. Hope he gets an offer.
Research shows that performance is what influences employee satisfaction, not the other way around. Leaders need to help employees achieve.
Dream big then wake up and do!!
Hey idiots... Its favre not farve... And yes, as a die hard packers fan, he is an asshole... But he's the greatest one ever... Let it go!!!
I think there were more people at the gas station at 6am this morning than there are people who live in Potsdam.
I made the pb/apple/banana sandwich today! Wow, so good! Didn't toast mine but I wish I did.
do you like one direction AND Cher...?! Haha
#Nietzsche has a varied quote that says “What doesn’t kill you makes you stronger”. Maybe...
take a walk.
Ho Ho Ho ! Oink Oink Oink ! Happy Holidays and Merry Christmas from all of us at Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint
Mine's working again.
Lookin forward to checkin out set tonight! Been a minute.
Turned the air off in my hotel room and opened the windows and door...
I'm going on Maury and I'm bringing 5 future-baby-daddies LoL! #ThinkingAhead :-)
Welcome back Trekkies and Jedi's alike for #ComicCon 2011. We don't pick sides.
YO! WHAT THE FUCK IS UP?
you have none... Loser👵
Hmm, u should come to Chicago!:)
what is an "It Girl"?
It's just in our Craft Pack for now, but we'll look into it for next year. Glad you're enjoying it!
Call ur own shots it's the best feeling
Cant wait till tomorrow! #Excited Night ! [:
yes I will soon! Maybe Wednesday??
Nothing really matters today besides is 21!!!
Agree! Hahaha. what's your name btw sweetie?
...i need u to be my everything,,,cuz u talk like a gentleman........
these last few weeks of school are gonna kill me -___- can't wait till it's freaking over!!!!!!!!!!!
Said it was the best win of his career!! Unreal!!
- Thanks , Very interesting
Jets get Tebow. Wow! Hope it works out better than the Favre deal a few years ago. J E T S! jets Jets
damn another yorkie died. im not good with dogs
#SomeWhereOutThere is a thief who just got caught and beat down like Ice Cube & Smokey did the garbage can bandit on Friday.
hi Love.
I'm trying to figure out where this hair in my mouth came from  ... I know my face hasn't been near a womb in a long time.
good. I'm trying to think of an excuse to say about me not being in 1st period
I don't suppose there's anything for #Awake in that magic NBC bag, is there.
Gonna make a a video for Angel tomorrow.. #RIPAngel <3
#StreetLife is owned by Bob & Janice McNair, who will be going for their 3rd victory in the Wood Memorial, having won in 2001 & 2006
yes! We need to start a travelling bluegrass band or smtg. Xo
They weren't joking about #fearfactor this season..HOLY CRAP!
that is your dream!! hahaha
ON DECK!
Beautiful day with my girl and her fam <3 Hope everyone had a great Easter
irrationally proud of a suite of herring puns i just made IRL
thanks! No HQ here though right?
Haters can hate, but from our generation- Drake gonna be the one we remember
“: when does the studyin for ethics start?” NEVER MUHAHAHAHA
RT : "Stop thinking in terms of limitations and start thinking in terms of possibilities." - Terry Josephson
"Lovers to bed. Tis almost fairy time."
RT : Q6: parents/families can be engaged as students/co-learners so they, too, can be empowered via tech
Thanks for RTing! What's your one-year SFversary date?
Too late 4 for me; Hopefully not 4 others! RT Parenting: Back to School w/o blowing your budget - 6abc.com bit.ly/qH68sk
Xbox 720? Rumors confirmed? I doubt it. It looks like it'll be shit though...
I know your not my mother but HAPPY MOTHERS DAY
Well, let me get started with my day.
Making sales calls today in Mount Vernon, it will be a lot of coldcall?
i beleive so, my problem is that when the clip i want is done processing.. the program is doesn't respond.
nothing much you should add me on facebook Ke'Juan KaeSmoove Jones
#What's your Beatles #1? Something- Do You Want to Know a Secret- I'm Happy Just To Dance With You- Here Comes The Sun- All My Loving- (1)
no problem Hun!
Hello World
To be fair, a lot of those people were gathered in another room a few blocks away.
I wish Up With Chris Hayes and Melissa Harris Perry were on (or on again) later. Also, I'm sick of Alex Witt.
Birthday suit -
Not a problem. Glad that worked out!
I just now realized how much I love pudding!!
btw I love his ears lol :)
Fuck, I shud be asleep by now.
no pic no tweets no followers smh
No horse play when we quick draw
RT : is rocking her Facebook presentation! #rwnc PURE RELEVANT USEFUL AWESOMNESS
very good to hear, tell him to tweet more, he fell off my twitter radar.
thank you!
oh Patty #CelebrityApprenticeAu !
iPad STILL claims 10 hours of battery life!!
I have a flat tire on my scooter!!
that awkward moment when theres a stranger walking right behind you on the sidewalk
Well I am not evil. Tilly is evil.
CEO of originally dubbed #SM as "Digital PR" ... not far off.
nigga texting me talkin about its on and popping. Smh nigga don't stunt off in front fir a female.
(Also, their headline writer gets bonus points for using the subjunctive properly.)
"We want a pitcher not a belly itcher" stopped being fun to yell at the age of 12. #rednecks on right have yet to reach that maturity level
It would rain the day I wash my car. Sigh. Lol
you better get in a good mood, its LIBRARY DAYY :)
Dear student: One advantage to proofreading is taking out the note to yourself admitting you don't know a major course concept.
Don't worry brother, I think the show "Thunder From Down Under" here might be recruiting.
Home from practice(:. Texts are welcomed, PicPerPic!(:
": It's a rainin'." And its a pouring.
Studies showed the 18-25 age group didn't mind interruptions from tagged videos -
WHERE U GO TO SCHOOL AT?
I'm obsessed with Burger King's Frappe.
Do that man RT : Sounds good. I'll keep in contact
almost done girl! be strong!
Proud of our band, orchestra, choir, and dance teams who have all put on great performances these last few days!
just filled with excitement to see you!
There is no doubt the #Angels blow this game...
I wish they had fries Fries is my favorite food So I might die
marketingdomination.blogspot.com wanna know how to really rank in the search engines and DOMINATE, read...
but then again, they're just trolling.
Do I turn you on & on when I kiss you baby? Does the sound of me wantin you drive you crazy? Do I have your love ? Am I still enough? <3 .
i hate you bitch
bro! Do me a biggie?!?
I wish upon a star, I wish at 11:11, I even pray for it, But what Im wishing for is a 1 and a million chance that i'll meet u.
Stay In The Sport Zone Mind Training FREE! Go to our FB page, click like & go to the highlighted post. Click your sport!...
You should have come in and joined us for drinks! We're planning our strategy for the IA caucus.
really? noone? come on think about it. there's literally electricity in the air.
OR OFF RT We'll never get on MT We are cracking down on Green Line Fare evasion w/front door-only boarding C, D, E lines
it's actually 'jack3d', i'm surprised you would leave out the "K" - and I have some "trics" up my sleeve...
This is incredible, I'll look it up right now.
The future comes one day at a time.
Happy Holidays!Our Metric location is open on X-Mas Eve from 8am to 12pm and closed on X-Mas Day.Our Central Park location will be open 24/7
Just tried to update my iPhone & it said it would take bout 6 hours!! So I waited & checked it again it said that there was an error! UGHH
It was great to catch up and share ideas with publishing pals exhibiting at #OAH12, esp. since I won't be attending #AAUP12 this year.
Start flipping tables.
Cars used in Wrap Cup Masters are *not* those that were towed for being illegally parked at the Convention Center.
Now I have to buy madden 13. Nicely done megatron.
“: S/o to for coming & visiting me while I sell shaved ice. #loveyou #bff #missyoualready” love & miss you too 😔💔
you mean vistaprint.com? not free shipping, free EXCEPT for shipping...even better, eh? :)
Office work up in the Bowling Alley all day then working behind the counter at 6. Come say hi! Mission Bowling Club 17th & S. Van Ness.
Thought the newscaster said "Hesitant Obama."
I want my don's voice to be a cross between Darth Vader and Mufasa.
Good bye lil rock!
Never knew it took so long to make a milkshake....
Thanks TaylorMade! Just got a black box full of white balls in the mail.
u mean to record?
I'll be Nick Dos Equis.
the sun isn't up enough to be called the crack of dawn yet
Thanks for the FF mention!
4sho. Stay tuned qt pie. I got it all on deck.
happy #FF to you too! TGIF
Happy Mother's Day and best wishes to all the moms! You deserve a special day every day!
thank you!
We'll be covering the basics of Wordpress for small business & debunking myths that it's just for blogs at tonight's CAKE: cakepdx…
Just crossed paths with a fitness guy at He devotes every morning to staying abreast of emerging trends in his industry.
you probably do
My dad reading the ingrediants to his pickle in a puch "this says it has cucumber in it. How?" hahahah
Who will be 2012 Queen of the Snows? Find out right here, very soon!
congrats on setting the NFL Primetan league record last weekend. Next time, don't listen to
#LunchOutside maybe at alki at dukes?
Working on this play means something a little bit different today. Please come out and Support WTC View St Theatre.
So is some kind of hoax, right? The pictures associate with the twitter account are of the model Jennifer England.
I amaze myself with my metrobus riding skills :)
okay okay I'm quite, now stop overreacting. lol :'D
Loved 's presentation today at #BizExpo - busting out some folks using QRs w/out mobile landing pgs - don't do that! -CV
Bout to hit this gym on a Saturday gotta start my day right !!!
I think that any effort that promotes literacy should be supported.
*hugs u* haha
Did anyone else notice that promoted .co AND .com during #superbowlads last night? Wonder why?
Thanks for following! Always impressed with your writing....let me know if you ever need data from the Pt Loma area!
Thank you for the reply. What is your specialty and how long have you been practicing? I'm a networker and an entrepreneur.
Not too many bad kings left ... At least not many the Western world would be able to recognize. :)
Now us #HEAT fan can say MVP to all day b/c he's the official MVP
messaged us that he'd heard of us through and digs our sound. he then politely asked for a retweet of his work
aww you're no fun :)
Don't forget to put out non-perishable food items for the mail person. I just put out some goodies
can you make more then one person an admin in a group?
You make it do good, I don't wanna leave.
i'm coming at 6:45
Jury done. Could have done better, but not disappointed with how I played.
At least y'all acknowledge that your crazy, the women who deny their psycho ways are the ones I stay away from. They'll kill you bro
Finished Homicide by David Simon, creator of The Wire. Why didn't I read this ten years ago? Brilliant.
Jimmy Howard is ridiculous
I need to smoke!
howay men are useless at that too:/
oh and just because you have been on the radio for a long time doesn't mean your worth a shit
What happened to the sweet Patrick Kane from the start of the season, who in an interview, referred to a girlfriend who gives him Twizzlers?
Makes me sad that barcamp and startup weekend gov are the same weekend.
where is this from
Well... That's without saying!
GBV is a real issue in many countries that are emerging from conflict
thank you! It's rekindling my love of Rainbow Brite!
my dad aaid he would pay me $15 if you reaponded to me saying you love me(: worth a shot!
Headed to #Madtown !! State St tonight will be crazy!
Two words that scare the crap out of me: Bikram yoga.
how about them vikes this year
thanks, I understand you have a few other surprises for the API up your sleeve. Any hints?
thanks and welcome to
New flavors: Banana, Blue Moon, Dreamsicle, Mint Chocolate Chip, Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip, Red Velvet, and Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough.
I'm so not giving my advice or opinions to her anymore it's like I try to help and then I end up being the "jealous" one:/
Had fun exhibiting at the #nasait summit this week! Check out some pics of the exhibit and find all event coverage
“: Smashing 5am weights! Who else?” Sure did!!! Chest/Triceps
What albums are on your yearend list for 2011?
it's brilliant lol. And you shouldn't have let me go into bloomingdales after coffee... I just left
Just starting "The Shadow of the Wind" by Carlos Ruiz Zafon
excellent photo. more pics please! Thanks.
I got enough love for Ariana that could last an eternity. :)
Its not Easter unless it takes us a half hour or more to find our Easter Baskets.
no, you are just tripping.
thank you! See you soon!
it ain't nothing to do.
So excited about new high stakes poker! However, I want Norm McDonald out and Gabe Kaplan back
yes he is fashion and ghey royalty
Are there any #MBA admissions or #GMAT questions we can answer?
tracking guitars and vocals... busy busy day :-)
Sent you an e-mail good for a free $50 if you sign up for
nice same here my grandmother got me into it when i was 6 years old did you have a favorite wrestler or diva
There were some clueless, confused, brainwashed drivers on the road today. Must be tourists here from North Carolina :-)
I want an Android version!
the bit in the chorus about eating baguettes still cracks me up way more than it should.
Congrats on the win today!! , , , Going for the Sweep tomorrow!!
She looks better with her hair like that :) Good choice :)
Like really
yeaa, so done with it
I want some no homo lol
everyone is beautiful in there own way <3
What does one pack for NYC/NJ in May?
im back bitch
Well done, Nora! And #Parenthood's "Nora" was a world-class tv episode. Perfect.
pretty laid back friday here at the shop. rockin out to some gogol bordello and lookin to tattoo YOU!!
Today was awesome the resurrection play was amazing, I didn't mess up! Haha
Writing an annotated bibliography, lalala.
Ann Coulter is amazing. And by amazing I mean a big doofus.
RT : Sugar & spice & everything nice! 1st 50 people to whisper “sugar & spice” @ each Sprinkles receive a #free cinnamon sugar
Herman Miller chairs for all? Can I come work for you now? ;)
Let my love take you higher 'cause I still turn to you 💗
terrible prank...kinda wished the raiders would've gotten you...no picks for them tho. Good luck.
Prince will receive this year's BET Lifetime Achievement Award at the June 27 Awards ceremony, which will mark its 10th anniversary.
SUNDAY SUNDAY SUNDAY! CD Release show @ The Triple Rock in Minneapolis, MN! more details on www.myspace.com/dontmissoutmusic
I think little 5 got the best of me this week! -____-
Lemonade Mouth :) <3
Who tryna bring an ol bitch a 40oz and 5 swisher sweets...
lol. when people un-follow me because i try to get famous people to follow me. ~~~
GOD DAMN #S\o to my new followers Sexy af
correction: WIFE.
Good Fantasy Numbers doesn't make you a Good NFL QB.....sorry geeks
yeah! it's true RT : Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced. James Baldwin
Okay, maybe these are your Mothers Clippers.
I seriously don't give a fuck about History anymore.
lol i hope them two boys Run your ass in the ground and cook ya dog
": Kinda cool: today marks our 1-year Twitterversary, and we just hit 8k followers. Happy bday to us!" Happy Birthday Guys!
Feeling the urge to get tatted!
thanks for the tweet. Hope you had a great time.
True that.
you know it! dangerously tasty-- and great to have you all there!
This month is a time of inspiration. What inspires you?
step one: get a bike that's suited for a mayor...
The only misleading thing is the use of #Carrier IQ #software by the carriers and phones without disclosing to us users.
Merry Christmas tp you & yours Rachel. Thanx for all your advice, feedback & words of encouragement. GOD bless.
#NFAIS First up Brian O'Leary. mobile context, global trends, options for content, implications for content providers and managers.
S/O to the City Year Milwaukee Recruitment staff!!!!
LOL, Artun!!!! Hope You had an Awesome Thanksgiving! Why has it taken me this long to find You on Twitter? Er. :)
"To give beyond reason, to care beyond hope, to love without limit; to reach, stretch, and dream, in spite of your fears..."
I guess this library card is only good thing I have. So I can still get on this computer. Watch out if I have get back on my feet.
another day,........another dollar.
Go Pack Go!
did you cry?
never realized it was always you I was serving a bowl of chili &salmon sandwich/salad at sunroom! #missedconnections?! #loljk?
great meeting u too! Pls send me link to ur 23 things. Good luck with program
yep, another rebound year for Pena? - he's still got 30HRs in him just too many Ks. Garza should do well for y'all.
Listening to Kadir Nelson speak now.
ya. It could be like a klout score. Only a Doosh score.
I know
Great article. I just tweeted it out, sorry I forgot to retweet you on it!
He is good... I'm 7 weeks pregnant
Miami Heat won!!!! Miami Marlins won!!!! Now Florida Panthers won!!!!! Yes it's a great day of sports in Florida!!! Trifecta baby!!!!
Hey Jordan! Danielle may have been on 4 seasons ago BUT that doesnt mean we dont care . and like she cant make NEW friends this season
good stuff is coming.
The Patriots are Tiger Woods. The Giants are his Driver.The Giants are the Patriots duck hook into the woods!
marathon tomorrow?
Shower<3 then off to bed! :)
We're having a good week :)
#youknowyoughetto when u run an extension cord to ur neighbors apartment cause ur electricity got cut off!
Headed to the #wboc12 support as Youngsong presents on Globalization!
I can't see that emoji thing #teamandroid -___-
thank you! Have a good weekend!
. created Noredink, a tool for teaching kids grammar using the pop culture around them that they already love. #technori AWESOME.
A friend went to the Chop House and said it was nearly empty but nice. If you want a football atmosphere I'd recommend Tailgate.
This nigga Ibaka in an asset
Don't read this near any sharp objects: In the last 22.5 innings, the Tigers have outscored the White Sox 40-6.” poor sox :( . Go Tigs
The Bay City Walkers
I LOVE YOU ALL..
How many years ago did that come out, like 4? Also those who are unaware, that is how much anime used to be priced. $30-$40 for 2-4 eps.
I can't make it to work today, because the fan belt broke on the van, the brakes went out, and it has a flat tire.
:) Now you need an article on: two, to, and too.
Never let anyone bring you down
Sounds like you had a great weekend. Hope you're enjoying the sun today!
Breakfast at another broken egg with !
#Caps win, #Bruins go home.
is he POTUS or a prof fund raiser? Maybe he should put those funds to the debt he created for the US.
He's much more frightening than RT : all i need is for to get into this...
patron: "do you have any other books by this author?" (Author is Jodi Picoult). Me internally: "no. go read some Austen."
RT : Every man should know how to grill the perfect steak.
I believe life is to be lived, not worked, enjoyed, not agonized, loved, not hated.
we gotta set our alarms RT Tickets to #TheHungerGames go on sale TOMORROW. RT if you’re going opening night.
We've ended our first day of the grants panel. We start up again tomorrow at 9 at Indiana Landmarks. Follow for more info.
Why can't Reds catchers catch the ball when Bruce throws it home???
Two words: urethra franklin
It's gonna be a throwdown!
Get ready for the SuperMoon! The moon will go 'full' at its closest point to earth on Saturday at 11:35pm Eastern.
Never say im not enough.
Feeling worse today than yesterday... I think next year I need to do some kind of marathon training to prepare for Rage lol
Show me notes for a test, & I'll forget in 5mins. Show me some porn I watched 3yrs ago & I can recall every detail.
What restaurants/event spaces do the best job of integrating social media with the offline experience?
How bad is Clint Barmes at the plate? No need to answer
wat up jae and u kno wat anybody that dont feel your xxl opinion is a fkn joke real talk way to keep it 100
Yo Ravens Nation! Go follow my Fav New Raven..!! He's on and we gotta support him!
Requested my first vacation. Maybe I'll finally find time to work on #JulietAnUnPopular 's sequel.
Some people believe that officers and prosecutors can be reasoned with, without the help or advice of an attorney. BIG MISTAKE!!
Flickr just redid their interface. Trying to keep from losing folks so pics show up at max size/proportion for your screen.
Cooking channel has exciting shows for quick and easy dishes. TUNE IN TO THESE FINE CHEFS Giada
RT : Today in 1947, Jackie Robinson bunts for his 1st major league hit
Nope. If it happens it happens but the chances are slim and getting slimmer lok Xx
I'm working on picking bars to tell everyone to meet at. Any suggestions?
KL Girl? Hopes this is good...
In Georgia! Hello Georgians
Interesting that it seems to view you the same way. :-)
Lie down and lift your legs up and I'll show ya ;-)
y'all stop smoking bogies and tweeting and come order breakfast!!!
Elk what is hanging down her leg....wanka?
haha good point, but waking up with it blah
Watching a doc on photographers of National Geographic. I want that job.
IN THE SAME ROOM~
That's good sttuff
Negra Modelo in hand. B.B King singing. Proposal TIme.
u can bring ya boy
will do.
He still funny even with him in there i still be in tears and stomach be hurting
Are you interested in follow4follow? i will follow back. Try the promotion site on my profile, it's free.
Deryl Dedmon, white teen who drove over and killed James Anderson, a black man, sentenced to life. DOJ will reveal fate of accomplices 2day
&#9755; Protect Your Kids
Nothing can get any better than my favorite ginger and my favorite curly haired boy tweeting each other.
good point! another thought: don't remodel--you may never be able to get the TV out.
Im not hard to miss!
"So many of our dreams at first seem impossible, then they seem improbable, and then, when we summon the will, they soon become inevitable."
Obviously Dwight Howard isn't interested in winning a championship
I'm so in:D
So far this week has gone by #horrible #nosleep I just can't stop thinking....
Thanks! <3 #2000late RT : Thanks to my Microsoft Paint skills, now has a new & improved profile picture & wallpaper!
Oh my Gosh. You Rebel. ;D
So the one hit wonder is arguing with ?? Lls...
yes sir! You going?
Idk she fading away on ah niggah'
I have to disagree with Blair Levin; Europeans don't have the kind of discretionary spending on electronics as Americans do.
I have neglected you. Or gave you a bit of a vacation... Either way, get ready!
Gosh darn it... I just bought this... 2 pay... the Wind Blue it Off! :o
i need to start on this biology packet -_- its due friday !
#Marvelous Monday to you!
Thanks for the mentions of Chameleonbeer... HAve fun @ Wolskis... Tell Dennis or Rainy that Jill say's "hi"!
My rent check still hasn't be cashed. I think that means free rent.
preemptively, before they make mistakes -- helping her address their inadequacies much more efficiently. -
Is it friday yet people!?!?! I haven't seen nor heard from my girl in a millions wks! Whats up with that? LOL
Thanks for mentioning me, Lita! :) Have a great weekend!
Rihanna debuts sexy new music video (with video) - Vancouver Sun
Bernied in the lunch room
makes sense
Comatose sleep is the best kind of sleep.
Envy would get you no where (:
Have any of you switched from a Mac to a PC as I'm considering doing? If so, did it trigger an identity crisis?
Happy thanksgiving! (: love y'all!
I'm a tech guy for 20+ years and find Linux opaque and unusable.
thanks for the RT.
Rooted my Droid Incredible today! I love #cyanogenmod!!!
Getting finished with website & store, just some last min touches. Quick shout out to for all her graphic help
The filthy Yankees lose and my AL Champ Rangers get it done once again!!!
jarius, picture me and you at a dance club! Go go go go go go go go. All the girl screaming. Go jarius, go go. Go alfred, go go
I've been workin' out my body, all the live long day. I've been workin' out my muscles just to pass the time away. Yeah!
Cool Twitter Suggestions: Real-time local buzz for restaurants, bars and the very best local deals available in NYC!
oh my gosh, I just checked mine and thought it would be much, much higher. but in fact I'm "quite a nice person".
And no pirates!
Frederick Douglass is roaming down my street. Go Dallas Street (formerly Strawberry Lane)
Yes you are (:
#MLTalks Looking forward to the webcast!
Can Rapids be anything but good to a person? It was a good weekend!
RT Only thing I feel like needs to be changed in 2011 is my eating habits and exercise again...hell I'm already workin hard
Fascinating evolution of the English language. Examples: "May I have" is now "Can I get". "Free speech in public" is now "thuggery".
It's too bad you can't drive it there. But, I know...sand people.
lol...I'll see if it's on Netflix
I wish I hadn't it wouldn't be so heart breaking. The only thing making it okay is atleast we have the
Sleeping in until 1 completely throws me off!!! Wth
As VO talent we need to keep motto "I just like to smile, smiling's my favorite"...it will go far on your next project.
Is that your REAL hair?
Do you code?
Cool pics Dillon.
Drinking a Port Wipeout IPA as I type!
Ruling class dont object 2 Obama cuz he's black. They fear he might cost them $. They only use racism 2 motivate rubes 2 oppose PBO.
VERY NICE CLIPPERS!
um, no need for name calling little brother!
I'm excited!
Rehearsing for a reading of "The Architect" at The Lex! Performance Nov. 17th, come see us!
Great!! I can't complain!! Grindin' n jukin', trackin' n jackin'! Great sprit and energy these days. #turnupseason!! ;-)
MERLE HAGGARD - SING ME BACK HOME LYRICS
Great! Stay tuned, shirts will be coming out soon.
I hate cats, they're annoying as fuck
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Crest Replacement Brush heads and most oral care products.
Snow day Jan. 18!
T-Minus 3 days #Milwaukee !!!
Thanks! Great session on #drupal at #nagw2011. Lots of govvies working on cool sites. Can't wait to see 'em.
Everyone back home is complaining of hail. It's 81 and sunny out here.
For a very ornate building they made very bad choices in furniture.
This Leine's Summer Shandy tastes AMAZING after sitting in the sun for 2 innings at #MillerPark! Let's Go
-should've kicked that nigga out the condo like Pam.. but i let him hold me all night, like damn!!
was there a pedestrian hit by train in Arlington Hts?
There is nothing that you need in order to be perfectly happy
When Do you think they will start the Daytona 500? I have my fan apparrel on... lol
Lol im sure he is used to it >.<
So to recap: tell me your favorite song off the new Digital Leather album and one lucky person will win a copy of the vinyl!
Wow, lots of people jumping on board to speak Spanish this year! Managers, employees.. An idea whose time has come...www.CalaAcademy.com
Thank you to our substitute for telling us his life story.
If you have an iPhone (or know someone who does), you can use our ShoeBox app to scan and share old paper photos. Super easy!
Happy 4th of July
#Benedict, Sand Queen. Devastating novel traces 2 women in 2003 Iraq: a soldier/ prison guard & an Iraqi whose father and brother are inside
Joe Hite will be on the keys tonight! Stop in after Jazz for some great cocktails served by fantastic bartenders!
Looking for a great birthday idea for your child and friends? Check out our party section at www.bathandbodybistro.com
I like this pic of you!
Sweet, just won some bucks @ #sactweetup! If only I had them on the Qponomics app...
ya, not without Gozer anyway
Welcome to the m
She Still Loves You Too!
Jealous of all bitches at Lazerfest today!
“ As a #Leo because you're so powerful, it can be hard for you to find a partner.”
beccome obsessed with ruining your life. The implication that he moved my daughter so far away from me damages my reputation. It is very
Wade is my boy!
yes please!!
“: "May the saddest day of ur future b no worse than the happiest day of your past." Anonymous Irish Saying Happy St.Patty's Day <3”
We are finalizing the schedule now, but will have the tentative schedule posted tomorrow. Check back then!
Nail shop
I have a new account which I will use for my new book project
It has been too long. Let me know when life settles down for you a lil and then we can make some time, maybe next week.
Representing at the Relato Digital Storytelling conference in Valencia this week!
i wish! but driving all the way there with would be a nightmare
Just checked into my awesome room at Hampton Inn Huntersville!
wondering how to find friends on twitter without cruising my whole contact list
No, but I think I've heard the soundtrack at least a million times. I am so excited to finally see it!!
If all economists were laid end to end, they would not reach a conclusion. George Bernard Shaw
thank you, Lincoln :) ..i'm ok with my eyes no matter what she labeled them :D
OMG I'm like in love with her! she's freaking awesome! i see her all the time
My neck hurts from being on the phone all morning. Worker's comp?
Make sure to get out to #Coyotes prospect camp at Peoria Polar Ice THU-SUN. Familiar names Murphy, Gormley, Visentin, Hextall, Larraza
Ight...Time to work....and tweet
we do need to pray in private, the scripture bits against public prayer r bout long make me look good prayers
NYC has a Rat Information Portal - who knew?
is awesome.
Truly a great loss. Open source software is the embodiment of social justice on many levels.
I have no idea how someone can do this. I can't even talk on my cell while driving.
Because those who weren't abused do not want to OPEN their eyes to the afflictions and torture of those of us who were.
NO I WASNT! being drunk on a mule is not drunk driving the mule had no motor
Meh, I apologize for ranting to unknown people who don't care.
UGH! You serious? I'm so sorry...I was hoping your knees were gonna be ready for summer activities!
nah, nothing you already don't know :)
The weather is looking great this week Memphis! Let's keep the murders to a minimum and have a great week. :)
pats vs lions you heard it first
did well with 300 new followers from #sharktank, but did you see added over 60K followers.
. Man City needed 2 goals to win the title. They scored 2 goals in stoppage time to win the EPL. Suck it ManU!!!
there is something drastically wrong with our political system when all it comes down to is money!!!
Yo, I can work 'the Photoshop'. Just sayin...
Demon day 3 done..
I can't believe the guys from Buckcherry are still alive
Next presenters were totally gratuitous and way over time limit. Not nice to other presenters. Ever.
Thanks for the mention!
Hey #Pippa Middleton, please don't ruin the charm for us, you're much too cute for that xo
*~itz to quiet today i mean to to quiet~*
Right, they -match up- better... not saying they -are- better.
What a successful Little Weapons Team Meeting! We are excited for what's to come!
Good Luck against OSU today
does anyone know when will no longer be the only Nike+ product to not accurately track run data (pace, distance, duration)??
I'm supposed to describe a "time I really enjoyed myself"... hmm. "Really enjoyed"? How much information do you want, perv? ;P
I am less agitated with Timeline today...Oops, I mean I love Timeline a little more today than yesterday.
So happy to see and Eric Ruddell at the match tonight #greatfans :)
Carson = Crypt Keeper
your the one that got aways
There is nothing on TV so I know I'll be bck sleep soon
...miss u to babe
Well, at least you *have* something when you're done, instead of a pile of rubble and high score.
Don't shoot your eye out.
I'm not at home LOL. He says liberals are rude and mean to conservatives. BAHAHAHA!!!!
you are most welcome, m'lady. Be safe with your phone until then!!
God's regretting billions of abortions he never had right now...
What a productive day!!! That 5 am alarm clock is starting to get to me though ...
Kudos to my colleagues for such thoughtful and thorough Junior Seau coverage. Proud to be in your newsroom.
I. LOVE. SPAGHETTI. +_+
girl he was sexy xD
there were earthquakes today ? apparently, i'm oblivious to a lot of things.
flex day as in teacher day to get caught up
Driving down PCH with the top down, rocking out to Led Zeppelin, wondering if its too late to call in sick to work.
no worries. We still kicked ass and didn't give a shit.
“: Everyone else in the room can see it, everyone else but me.” HAHAHA
Are you in the Midwest these days? If so, come visit Chicago! You could eat well and drink very well at my restaurant, Moto.
Not going to school today :P REASON: Dad, recently just got out of surgery and he's in lots of pain. Hope my dad feels better SOON!
What's good for First Friday? Gonna hit up the Art Murmur tonight.
I've yet to see a better option for victory, or defeat
And IDGAF what u gotta say! That man can rap! Lol
be careful listening to drake...he known to soften everything around him. Good for laundry though!
365 days? We should have had champs yesterday not coffee. Bad to have andrea's laptop stolen ! Tx 4 todos.
love the new bottles! what a hoot. maybe I will stop on my way home tonight...
"Break my heart for what breaks Yours."
follow me bro
hahaha, thank you(;
Whitney Houston dead...that's a shame. Did the Mayans predict that or was it just a given that the end of her world was coming in 2012?
Are you coming to Milwaukee next week with ? (cc: )
Currently attending a luau...
They say there are no regrets in life, only lessons. Well, I can say w/o question that I am a certifiable GENIUS!
,we are making Puccias today despite the weather ...let's see what happens .Puccias cravers come get your grub !!!!
good enough for me
NO SHE DIDN'T.
Choose from one of the many Phoenix AZ homes for sale and you will be steps away from a great education
#bayarea #talent #agencies: Shastic's got the talent! check it out! www.shastic.com
Google is weighting mobile-friendly content for users searching on a mobile device (i.e., shows up higher in results). Via
I want a Dave Lumia autographed bobble head.
i am soo sorry again..i feel horrible.
Mine just passed out and it's almost time to pick his big brother up from school...he's going to be fun
When the waiter left our table he literally skipped away. When he approached us, he hopped. It was simultaneously unnerving and amusing.
Please no ENG tonight! Heroine is better for my heart than this Avs game is right now!
S/O to Groove2fly! Great job on the new single! Confusin Me!
I wanna go shopping!!!
A thing of beauty and strangeness: my copy of Anne Carson's NOX has arrived (thx to fearless ).
ah holes in on! old school shia labeouf
you still im NEWYORK?
or, if you had something you wanted to brew, the equipment is open. RE: Wednesday brew day.
Mowing my grandma's lawn. She's ninety and still thinks she needs to guilt trip me into doing it :p
#shoutout to our first client
Ah! why dose school have to be on Thursdays ! D;
Have a lovely weekend!
Curious to check out Will ppl really watch full video ads looking for floating # codes that yield coupons and payoffs?
Rumors? impressive bitch. at least you're spreading something other then your legs.
Unease grows in Sarkozy party over rightward lurch
Thank you for the follow, Shohkoh and Nalla
Thank you!!!
Welcome back to the States,
Did you know of Queens historian Vincent Seyfriend's death? He's worthy of a good write-up somewhere.
hey beautiful!
RT : 2nite @ Fox Hollow: PARTY & BULLSH!T w/ & the rest of the crew!
it went well - despite tech glitches, that seem to plague me in talks
What of those who are willing to learn?
oh my goodness. Absolutely adorable.
Some people may not agree with my choices, but that's the point.. They're MY choices. Don't worry ab what I'm doing & take care of yourself.
2nite-Plug In & Win a trip to London to see Hard Rock Calling 3-day festival. Register at the door-Free live music w/The Hawkeyes.
RT : Not being public-humanities-unfriendly! --then snip-snip-snip!
I love how a tweet can be the shot in the arm I need :-)
Middleton with 6 runs in the sixth inning to take an 11-3 lead over Madison East.
Not looking forward to driving five hours
Take a rest; a field that has rested gives a beautiful crop. ~Ovid
I put it to you: the rare book trade is green. Discuss.
For the record, the radio station did credit as the source of the story, and was complimentary of
Where does everyone play online?
My office decided to do a shoe off next week. Too many fab shoes in the office to not show them off. Guess who's going shoe shopping
I just saw a couple episodes of Doc Martin with Louise Jameson, and she's awesome in them too!
#toshme what an eclectic menagerie of people here at radio city. Yay tosh.o
I never cried or show feelings if u Fuck wit me u got my number twitter or facebook I not idc bout you either
Weehell its 5:30, so I been out for hours...LOL(I'm so sedatated)
Want tickets to Avnenue Q at ? Follow and watch for the giveaway deets.
Please excuse my french but umm...
If your God thinks I'm a bad person, he can tell me, not you. :)
followed you :) please s/o
I'm wearing my Tyler Myers Jersey 2day, where's all the love? Need more Sabres Jerseys out 2day! BELIEVE ppl!
I have a long list which is more of giving back.With all that money you have to share it cant be greedy.
No haven't. But Wimbledon is on our list of packages we would like to put together to offer as a complete trip "Giveaway"
appreciate the RT's Have a great week!
twitter surveys LOL
Last prizes: 2 lucky winners will each get a $100 gift certificate to !
Sure!! :)Thanks for the follow.
bout to put sum'n in tha air wit da homie z though
after years of resisting, i have succumbed.
we would be screwed
Saw you in a dream. We were together. Saw you in reality. Wanted dream to be reality. But it's not. Maybe one day it will be.
RT : Twitter should have a paper clip guy like in Word who'd pop up, "It looks like you're writing a joke. Would you like help
S/O out to lisa for hitting us up today to place an order, cause she seen our mascot on Saturday on water street!!!
no. Just first hour.
Headed to Prine-tucky. Home of the rare Central Oregonian Rat Weasel.
would you rather be under paid or over rated
"APT is a controversial term that ... has become a useful shorthand for 'We’re pretty sure it came from China.' <via #infosec >
Just 15 mins left in our deal! $125 in services for just $50! www.GrouponBoston.com.
Let's hope for the best today
saw a commerical for the Dairy Queen birthday cake icecream&automatically thought of (;
“ What rapper do yall want me to collab with?”|Drake
During private tour in Sibelius’s house, the curator allowed me to play the composer's piano. I chose the Finlandia theme. Chills
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 31
You see the storm clouds coming in? I smell rain:)
Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.
Loan modification is a scam to make money for the modification company they get paid for each application so that is why you wont get one
RIP Mike Jones good thing it's February cuz that niggas history
aw...how come?
so you know if its meant to be or you can love the person for the rest of your life.
Happy New Year. And a much belated Merry Christmas to you!
hey how are u
Am i the only one who hates their school... Please tell me im not the only one.
hehe, I like when tweets me!
Green Trade Mission to Brazil
Why? Just Why? Yes, it can be done! 10 ways to start your day w/o caffeine: .
Congrats "Late Night WONK" Steve Demarest, our Week 3 #wonk photo winner! We're in our final contest week, so keep the submissions coming.
Best organization in the Association top to bottom.
Damn ima beast killed it on the b ball court then killed it in the gym yea boieeee
I will never get to sleep tonight -_-.
I'm focused on two people and a well known source of light. Me my lady and God.
Wondering if someone could join us for an interview on Please dm me an email address for more details. Thanks!
it'll probably be just simple shooting on the gun.
Reports of Kevin Youkilis on the field at Fenway playing catch. Some type of good news for the #RedSox?
Just sent my first message to someone I want to meet using the Highlight app. Waiting to see what happens...
I think is going for a Jheri curl!
Big thx to , crew & sponsors. So great to catchup w geopeeps & meet new collaborators, co-conspirators!
In 2002 gave the city of San Diego an award rating it as one "of the top ten cities to cycle in." Wonder what the criteria was
Blah blah blah Lakers suck blah blah.
Wherever faith has led me, performance is going to validate me!
I can definitively say that this is not true for everybody. Please don't give the wrong people that idea!
the hip is what scares me
how are you?? Come over soon.... We miss you
Mornin'! We r introducing our next co-anchor Robert Maxwell. Chris Willis is moving off the desk to head the investigation team
In the call -- made on March 21 -- Michael says my girlfriend attacked me in my apartment and then I told her I was calling the police
I don't Give you no good reason but baby please don't give up
fun times a thousand!
BMC study shows diverting passengers to elevators could help reduce falls at Logan Airport
Follow team follow back
I'm already ready for next weekend ..
oh, okay
haha yes!!(: im so what time are we going??(:
What happens if a car comes? - You die. What? - Just Relax.
..and kirsten.
...and im officially late to my last damn lab of the yr! cool! :/
I agree 100% that religion & politics must be separate; but the anti-Sharia Bill is nothing more than baseless fear-mongering.
A #badgerdays first. The marketing staff caught and passed the buses on the way home.
Dworkin: here to present taxonomy of types of reading that are "poetic, but not necessarily musical"
no problem.
lol mines hilarious
Dan Simon is following me now!
": Guns don't kill people. Dads with pretty daughters do." I just LMAO @ the fact my cousin retweeted this
it's under your phone settings. Not the twitter app.
Ooh, those are god spots.
I can't stop thinking about you...
Wow. ESPN is putting anyone on tv these days it seems. You'll see what I'm talking about on in a bit.
Heading there now.
great post! If I could pick one skill right now it would be to fall asleep! :)
"His name is Mitt, he's used to catching a lot of balls...but god that guy is a tool" is too funny
no.. just 3
Just got my hair did
The average weight of a Playboy playmate has increased by 1 lb since the 1960s, while the average height has increased by 2 inches
": I really dislike ppl right now..." HAHA I know what this is about.
double team that guy.
Every "concentration camp" during the Holocaust was a "Death Camp" - we must teach the past to change the future.
dont let other people's ignorance get you down! you have my support :D
Love your new satchel
I want to make a Harry Potter altered book!
Living life with appreciation of coincidences and their meanings, connects us with underlying infinite possibilities. Deepak Chopra
Ok cool, let me know
Congratulation! Our 10 year anniversary is tomorrow!!
Are you looking for low cost spay/neuter services in central Ohio? Check out our Resource page for links to area service providers!...
not as embarrassing as me walking into the wrong dormitory room today thinking it was my room
I thought about a certain follower all day today. I really miss them.
i followed!
RIP Junior Seau
Good evening! back from cool ride, back to more editing ;)
you hate me huh?
A drunk EWE...actually, a tipsy goat...
I total agree. So yummy
RT @ ScienceChannel calling all #Firefly fans! marathon today on the !
- did you take your pic with the Mini from at our #NRAShow Booth yet?
you didn't mean to txt Me that ??? :(
I think u did a WONDERFUL job !!! :-)
i'm not italian! why would i do that?
Where is the best place to find local events happening near you?
Physical attractions are common but mental connections are rare
Just had my first vocal lesson. Look out world!:)) this breathing thing is hard...lol!
Movement is a constant. It's the way in which we perceive movement that evolves. This is CG Philosophie.
": $2 Tuesday tonight go have a sip :)" Make that happen !!!
M*therf*cking mother gets on my nerves
Cant see why , but i killing myself , when i already dead X-(
Celebrating Labor Day by working, and helping others get work done.
lol, what are you taking about? you tweeted to me&said yes I am&that was a song lyric. you okay?
WHY DRINK AND DRIVE WHEN YOU CAN RIDE AND SURVIVE? BOOK YOUR NEXT CELEBRATION ABOARD THE OKC PARTY BUS AND HAVE THE TIME OF YOUR LIFE!
I tend to worry more about my best friends happiness and satisfication more then mine,..i should stop that now...
Amen we are glad you were blessed! RT : got my cd last night after the service!!!! LOVE IT! Be blessed!
I like Alec Baldwin.
what are their names!
Night Dreamers neo-soul, jazz jam session tonight , 10pm. FREE. Only the illest of musicians!
we design them and had print them.
Oh no, the old skool down 30 start a fight move.
I just changed my password. Should that fix it? Let me know if it continues. My apologies.
making spaghetti with garlic bread and caeser salad.
Sad the loop hole is always a jerk move because I think of it as a portal through the time and space of the tax code.
Now you're reminding me that I need another excuse to go to and get some brisket. My hunt for ribs continues.
get crazy! get wild! who happy 21st doll, :)
not a virus just spam
Your greatest fear shouldn't be that of failure but of excelling at something that doesn't really matter.
when does Cathedral of Learning do Festival of Lights?
switched to chrome a few months ago. Great browser. I have a list of some good extensions. Maybe a #dc407 talk.
T You ? and You ? RT&Follow follow me
GUESS WHAT I JUST BOUGHT TICKETS TO SEE YOU JUNE 22ND #YEE <3
<3 you Jen! And ps Bianca wins her title back because she is making me homemade cookies. She's so domestic:)
Because I really, really, REALLY want you to follow me.
hey I'm working on the whole waving at your friends boyfriend when they acknowledge you thing! Ahaha
Not only access to ICTs but education
+10000 RT : Happy Mother's Day to all moms plus all doggie/kittie moms! :)
cynicism of an argument Unabomber believes in global warming,so it must be wrong("not all believers are murderers tho")
Seeing a good status on Facebook but not liking it because the person is a cunt.
It's not about forcing happiness, It's about not letting sadness win.
I love and miss you.
At #AMA event hearing from discuss content marketing.
hahah yeah don't even know
You are going to feel SO much better!!!
It's an awesome feeling opening my email and seeing a schedule of street repaving/repairs of D5 roads!
Also, I was once able to click on a tweet. It would change colors so I knew where I left off reading.
Connectivity is a barrier to access in Sub Saharan Africa, further marginalizing groups who are already politically marginalized
You must threaten to shrink his foam!
The National Weather Service has lots of data available to download in KMZ/KML formats.
Tonight @ the Studio... Salsa 4 those w/experience @ 6:30pm. Followed by Casino Rueda @ 7:30pm and (beginners R welcomed).
Remind your kids that new #drivers are all beginners, and every novice needs time to develop skills in low-risk settings
Hate to sell my oldschool lak but a nu-nu is on the horizon so out with the old and in with the new!!!!
*Check out 's timeline of retweets. Twitter is awash with some nasty ungrateful whining little shits this Christmas.LAME
Battery ain't dead yet. That's good.
Looking forward to Furman U. joining #InCommon in January. Federated identity now part of our Single Signon strategy. Lots to do next year.
lmaooo she's mad.
Getting a new class is like having another kid. You think you could never love them as much as the previous class but you do.
ah, thanks for the clarification.
Good morning! On this day we become legendary!
Countdown to our #CaptainAmerica video game trailer release...only days away...
how u go it
Still can't believe was in my mentions twice today!
"He was one of those guys that had that weird light around him. You just knew he wasn't going to get so much as a scratch out here."
The band that I'm listening to right now sucks. And it's awesome.
congratulations sir. Well deserved
Lost all my respect
TED eXcel - Presenters use spreadsheets instead of Prezi or Powerpoint.
ustream is having some hiccups this morning. browser keeps crashing whenever we stream -- we'll keep tinkering with it
Hello, New York. I just saw you the other day but I was in a hurry. Now, we can sit and talk.
"I watched that on the youtube!" -mom
yup. Are you coming back again?
too funny, i'd like a pic of that sir. goggle goggles is a facial recognition app. c:
Listening to #lionsandliars. Good work ! Off the train tracks!
epic updates, go for crowd surf IMO!
they transfer to Facebook. I don't do Facebook
ready fo the first pre season game of the year
just bought next to you on itunes :) i swear my ipod is just for you! :) i swear my mom gets so annoyed sometimes but i dont care! i <3 you
I will put it on my bucket list. Love to come visit friends! Smiles, Rochelle
They say This is the city The city of angels All i see is dead wings
fair taxing of the super wealthy is not socialism, or socialistic. How many Americans actually participate in capitalism?
Roll the dope. I'm ready to get zooted
Batterie us gonna die so gotta go charge it :) bye
Your generosity knows no bounds.
I see my fated stars in your eyes. They melt me like the sun does snow
haha..I took a pic with marc yst! but I didn't get the last book . John plz prepare for more questions coming to u from janice
im just not gonna tel my mom the major set back with me graduating... ill save myself the death sentence
you get points for good husband/father today! Preggo massage is a must! Now just a nice dinner and perfect lol
Let me.see yo booty drop
I will if you come here! Lol
I prefer dark books, YA can be a bit tame for me ;)
Happy 25th anniversary
Went to an amazing seminar this weekend. When you work harder on yourself than you do on your job, you will become unusually successful!
Is it just me or did the car carrying Kim Jong-il's coffin look like the car in the opening credits of Entourage?
Lol I'm not rambling!! RT : what are u rambling about now?
im so sleepy now.. good night. Clinic Tomorrow at 8am..
how was the movie??
ringing!! Ring! Hell? Oh hi TED!!! Thanks for following #mofones!!! Ttyl!!
Seriously, police motorcycle escort from the airport is cool. If the other drivers only knew we are nobodies. I know I'd be pissed.
Nix the guilt. I claim title as world's lamest correspondent. Just fill me in on humanist group when chance arises.
Catherine Rampell article in the
Not today, but a credit can be used to show a line-item discount. Email if you want to discuss in detail.
AHAHAHAHAHAHA I was not expecting that XD New ringtone!!!!
so I'm still waiting to see all of the 6-5 guys they were gonna put on TJ. They were bigger than us.
Do you ever wish you could have a pizza with the impossible consistency of cheese they had in Ninja Turtles?
It's so unfair I believed I could handle this I swore I could fix everything
Talking travel with the pro's -- I've got an awesome job:)
#cosign: I've never watched Jersey Shore, but by the looks of the trailer I'm pretty confident the world could do without it
Love starts with a smile, grows with a kiss, and ends with a tear.'
Nothing beats a clear Texas sky with bright and shining stars.
If you #throwbackthursday more than one or two things, goodbye. Unless its music. I'm always down for de good classic suggestions :) 🎧🎧🎧
Finally saw Fire in Babylon doc on West Indies cricket with lovely, talented & tasteful Very cool movie-you should see it!
My dad "the collective IQ for the jersey show cast is an 80"
m :) arthurs breakfast!! Love hot cakes!!
How does kissing and showing affection influence children?
yo u got any Pepsi left
Wow ?Felon?
Back to work after a week in Vegas for a conference.
u look thick ass hell I would boat you!
go up to him and say "I'm so fricken excited! My hips are clenched!"
It takes me 1hr to get ready for an audition, 30min to get there, 10min to wait to get called in and 3min to actually audition, actor life💗
Looking to serve your community and/or the Arts. Support the #Rivoli theatre with your time and energy! www.rivolitheatre.org/support
following in the foosteps of Liz. <3
Thank you mom for the 4 alarm chili and cornbread. My mouth has been burning for about 20 minutes now!! :)
Of course! What are you thinking?
On teacher appreciation, a shout out to ! Helping students discover their creative potential!
your eyes shine like a million stars :]
Wow. God really does know more then me(He just proved itP. If I just rely on Him&trust in Him, i'll be alright
RT : I wish the show came on every night. Love that show!
Watching Mark Wahlberg get pummeled to the sounds of Neil Diamond's Sweet Caroline
YOU are a gorgeous woman!!!!!!!!
Great! Enjoying one's job and location makes for happy times :D
Well, that was a great apple pie tip from #RestaurantImpossible Chef if I actually made apple pie!
I could watch #royalwedding coverage all day
Visited Star Spangled Banner today at Smithsonian and I was moved by small group of children singing National Anthem spontaneously.
we didnt mean to
Just crushed the gym after a 3 week hiatus
Is craving guacamole.
The art of fashion is everywhere just walk outside and explore
Ha, ha... me too! Then I wouldn't have gotten up at 4:45am!!
I want to get henna on my hands. c:
do I know you?
Lax game!!
Sipping some delicious Gin! cc
RGIII is about to come out with some Redskins socks on or some shit
RT : RT : Sine die! Georgia session over and anti-free speech bill #SB469 is dead! #WeAreGA!
I hate when its too hot outside,ugly weather.
Everyone just started singing the Pokemon theme song. Hahahahahahahahahahaha
# Register to vote in November and go vote
#Hanson in #Boulder in September lets go
Oh its been a while twitter guys! How's everyone been?!
I have to go one more night till I can be with Oakley. Come on, now.
I really think you should follow us ;)
Finally arrived in new jerseeeeyyy
found some craisins in my bag #SUCCESS!
I'm a designer all the way, but I do want to understand how the back-end works as well.
make sure one of you blokes is on the scene if Giants fan Harvey Weinstein has a high altitude heart attack
Check out The Sentinel
Saw Star Wars today in theatres and was a little shocked/upset i didnt see there.
Just got a hair cut
“: I really wanna see my #Cubs in the World Series but I have to say, I don't envy #Rangers fans right now. .” totally agree
welcome to CLE! Its almost always sunny here. Lets go drink some limomcello in Little Italy!
please follow and I? Thanks! You are our inspiration!
Have you begun to think about your business plan for 2011. It less than 7 weeks away.
oh how ridiculous you are :P
I dont know, if I'm pissed or sad. If I see a small pup that's cute, my moon changes.
Glad I got a 2:00 tee time instead of having to watch UK get embarrassed
Drake Younger and Eddie Kingston vs. Jimmy Jacobs and Timber in a tag team rematch.
RT : SVG: "It's 12:02 right now. If they wanna fire me at 12:05, I'll go home & find something to do. I'll have a good day."
all the lights in northern maine go out at 9:01
It's days like this when I wish I lived on a planet all by myself.
My mom told me if I died, she would get my Mac.
Check out South Lake Union. It's a great neighborhood!
There's so much more that I wanted and There's so much more that I needed and Time keeps moving on and on and on Soon we'll all be gone
My trusty kitty always gets me through the tough spots __,,,^. .^_,,,_
Go Giants!!!
If it wasnt for shootusdown!!!!! I would be nowhere!!!!! Thanxx alex for making that youtube account!!!!! We love you!!!!!<333---mara(:
Hi Vania RT you are old
oh yea chicago BABY!!!
can we just go on a date. get away from everyone..just you and me..
#SmackDown come on John Morrison!!
520 bridge tolling is ON. $2.80 now. $3.50 at 7am. Plus another $1.50 if you don't have the Good to Go transponder.
Hey there, (beccawaldo), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
Today in 1979, the South Beach Deco District was placed on the National Register of Historic Places.
I found the conclusion of Bachelor Pad highly satisfying. You?
Judge Ness is saying there is good cause to not grant an extension
I'm not at Ink link watching Amanda get her belly button pierced
hank you very much I shed a few myself not to long ago
I'm not fans of all of them, but it looks great!
I think both events ( ) would make a great #Denver #GNO cc:
I didn't know u have snails
Beach V-Ball Tourney all weekend! Afterparty Sunday!
Just a statement. Blow them away at camp. We need a speed guy to stretch the field! (You)
Merry Christmas from the My Sinatra family!
We are only a reflection of our own trials and tribulations. So take chances, make mistakes, live and love like there is no tomorrow.
Is being inconsiderate just a guy trait
THANKS! I'll ask that shortly & tweet you back the answer!
"what is the cutest whale?"
I'm going to play the "can I get a run in before it rains" game
aw, your really in love with how sweet :') x
Paul Cezanne-A work of art which did not begin in emotion is not art.
I'm so blessed to have this phenomenal woman for my mom. She is everything that is great, beautiful, loving, and wonderful! She is my rock.
A 6 am deluge in #rockville...replete with flash and boom and no more slumber for ol Craig.
agree on Antonio Allen. Markelle Martin is also an option. Like Allen significantly more than Smith.
But seriously kids, don't use "LOL."
Yes Lord. Thank you Jesus. :)
Glad to be attending this conference; but sad I'll miss 's visit back at UConn. Too much to hope she'll tweet her own talk?
We know right?? Have a ball! RT : THANKS! Horses + Margaritas + best day ever.
Can't wait to meet you this Sunday for the wine tasting session. It will start at 5pm.
Everybody needs some time, on their own. Everybody needs some time, all alone.
You think you're hot shit?
": sun raped .... #burned :)" that's an understatement lol
Nice speech about not relying only on computers Dave grohl only to have your acceptance speech ended early by party rock anthem
doesn't everyone? Peyton is one of the best quarterbacks ever to play the game. I'd take an 80% Peyton over a 100% Tebow
hope your crew is having a great holiday weekend! :)
After eating s Doritos Locos taco, claims, " I came all over myself!"
And whatdya want? At least it's not a pun.
Im actually bullish in the near term
A walk along the Brooklyn Promenade with views of bridges and Manhattan
"New Blues" changes are kicking me around today. Thanks, Bird.
Super moon looks great even tonight! Also some great timelapses of today's weather.
we are shortstaffed now. Is he saying which positions?
FB has never released a fully functioning/stable app, agree
Photo-shoot next weekend with RubyReddCheeks Boutique- SO EXCITED.
If u know that it would hurt someones feeling then hell dnt do it or leave that person alone
S/O To My Sister Yall Go Folloow Ha She That Babyy . &'d She #Teamfolloowback x-4
Leo Sayers-you make me feel like dancing
Actually this time in the semester is really fun. Just got a sweet phone call from a freshman trying to find peer reviewed articles.
Morse is hopefully back in June, Nats are in 1st, & Caps rebounded from a lost season to thrill us for 14 games.
that's my freaking song #swag ;)
"Happy Independence Day " don't eat too much ice cream :) ~~~~rich
DOWNLOAD FASTER COME ON
shout out to you :D
The world should start rotating the opposite way after that. Traviss who are you? Oh no no no no. Kaaameehammee-ha!
I hope your expectations aren't very high, Richmond is terrible nowadays!!!
I'd like to be everythaaang you want.
I'm dangrous with #wordswith friends
For the handful of other people who'd find this funny: my typoed “facet_fiends” would make a good name for a Solr support company
T i love your the new hypeman of the crew dont think i didnt watch the pst game speech lol!! im with team
I think a few 'Bob' sized drinks should clear up confusion.
Outstanding job. So happy for your well deserved 1st star tonight. Panther fans love !!! Congratulations.
yes, the pot was $4.50! I was iut if the money :-(
Aw, how cute! Adorable book.
well I said I'm sorry so many times babe, idk whatelse to say?! I told you if we got back together I wouldn't!
me too and gooodnightttt love yooouu
Nashville is where it's at!
MN African American Museum Director - MN's newest museum, talking about organizational mission and fundraising challenges.
The Orange County Public Library will process my book into their system in the Local Author Section!
Going to see and with Becca! :) If only was here too to make this night absolutely perfect.
Opening Day for the , Opening Night at Next Act. Big things are starting today!
RT : A great idea without planning, initiative and organization is just that: an idea.
OK Go video is so funny! :)
Gonna go watch Doctor Who. :)
thanks for the follow!
If you fall in love with two people, stick with the 2nd one... Obviously, you weren't in love with the first one...<3
We love knowing what our fans are up to! Come on down and fulfill your craving
I hope you’re living a life you’re proud of. If you find that you’re not, I hope you have the strength to start all over again.
Violence was common at the shows the Silver Beatles played One night they were ambushed in a parking lot after a show & a fight broke out
So close I thought I could touch it
Board reviewing decision to accept resignation of MBU's charter sponsoring authority.
sorry for late #FFs ... I had them queued up and forgot to post
u are followed
Thank-you dor the follow. Iam returning the favor!
That makes sense, as I believe that I work across the street from
RT : YES THIS IS CHANGE WE CAN BELIEVE IN ! #OBAMA2012 !
imagine what people went thru waiting on the iPhone!
It looks like your RN Badges are coming today! Will you take pics and tag on FB? facebook.com/janetlover
Chase will be a force to be reckoned with if he continues on his present path. Happy Holidays.
Crime rates continue to fall in many countries, including the United States.
totally with you. Although I can't understand why they try to tame her with makeup and the whole look. Let her be wild!
Nope. Go back to bed, it's all a dream
you're never funny.....
The whole Trending Topics thing...useless! WHAT IS THE POINT OF TWITTER?? TELL ME? Ads=Scam, Celebs=Whatever!
needs to answer or imma take her phone away !
Worst alarm clock ever. 's Phish alarm clock.
Gosh feel so alone cuz chris isnt here with me
Hopefully you're a good note taker! RT :Thinking of being a notetaker for a class. I mean I get paid to sit in class.
Your beautiful with clothes ON to ladies (:'
How have you been boo? imy
Winners about to be announced!
someone said that made me lazy :( thanks for believing in the "POWER OF RETWEET" It's #Awesome ! RT :D ~~~~rich
Enjoy the 2 for 1 salon services, relaxers, updo's, quick weaves and more. Call 901-794-0553 for more information. LIMITED TIME ONLY!!!
Raining for the first time in 2 months. Fall is here. Better get that table saw out of the backyard and close the skylights.
So they found the man who killed Jennifer Hudsons family
RT mad cow disease discovered in CA! PROOF that we need less industrial regulation and fewer consumer protections!!
A mix of MLA/AWP/ELIT cards & work cards for me. I get a ton of cards at academic conferences.
Whata what the hell??? R u ok???
New version coming out soon! More fun and interactive! Stay tuned! www.IamINC.biz
Put me down as a yes I did.
Can you help us spread the word about our documentary in street music in E Africa? Thanks!
High speed LA-Chicago-NY would be cool.
I feel like the author misspelled his own last name.
SOPA/PIPA opponents spent ridiculous money on that 3 week campaign.
for sure ;-) bff
The RZA is a genius yo ! The beats, the bars, the edits from Kung Fu movie like yo 👈
We have a few last minute spots for Kickball this weekend available in both NE and SW. Hit us up. 503-282-1155
I knew I would wear you down lol
Just got home from having a walk at a park near Regan Airport. Love my bf.
Just got out of my final and the OS killing the yanks
Attend this Wednesday for a series of inspiring 5 minute talks. $5 admission. 100% proceeds benefit
I'm just sayin' you could do better
Dont be totally woried about everything that's going around you it's my job -God
Starting to crave sushi :(
Im really irritated.
Better shun the bait, than struggle in the snare.
embarrassment is your campaigns middle name.
Tatzoo campaigns for locally endangered wildlife would make great content.
Jessica Simpson named her daughter Maxwell. Maxwell her daughter. Her daughter is named Maxwell.
I never told u when I encouraged you to run into the storm u wouldn't get wet, I just said be prepared for victory on the other side!
one direction >>>
de-rehearsifying (gHOST project)- always difficult to come back to reality.
oh we know Vinny, believe me...
And their tailgating and special "presents" left in our alleys. They also were tearing down trees to put in their bonfires
i'm officially roping you into my film production. ALSO, i failed again - my Joey M sighting yielded no good photos.
put his twitter name on his presentation
LOOKS LIKE IM TAKINIG OVER TWITTER :)
no;) pathetic? xD
Major League is getting me ready for the upcoming Buccos campaign. Best season of the year
Morning Freaks!!
Does Ray Lewis deserve the fine for the hit on Ocho Cinco last weekend?
we stopped on m is for manatees..it's leeman's turn I'm gonna remember this
congrats on the IP nomination! I <heart>
You put up the NM Show! I can hear myself bantering! SO FUCKIN AWESOME!!!! THANK YOU SO MUCH!
I live right by Santana HS houses behind Albertson's.
it wasn't anyone's to steal. All music has influence from other music.
Just bought my senior citizen clothes for tomorrow. It's about to go down
can you follow ? i followed all of them!
I swear, if Facebook changes their layout one more time, I’m going to post a status update about it and then use their site as much as alway
Chicken little :)
The last time politics and religion were mixed, people were burned at the stake
Let's not act like "Mercy" is a good song.
Don't we all! RT : Today is national IPA day, so go out and enjoy a fine brew! Wish I could say it was free...
"sometimes WAITING is the hardest thing... but prove to be the best thing for you!"
hey thanks for the follow :) have you happened to have checked out our music yet?!
You cannot beat Lindt chocolate
But Laurans acknowledges: "Productivity" is a dirty word in education.
Do you miss me like I miss you?
Talent and dedication aren't always enough. Exposure to those able to raise your game is a must!!
I am nothing if not fully dedicated to costumes!
so much more fun when you dislike someone and they dislike you back rather than them being oblivious to your hatred of them
peace and blessings? Fist nicknames? I'm guessing peace is the right fist, because you use that one for the knockout shot.
“: How many times do we forgive someone just bc we don't want to lose them, even tho they don't deserve our forgiveness?”THIS
home in less than a week!
Have a safe and enjoyable weekend everyone!
our pleasure! and i've already been planning! enjoy the rest of your time in new england!
Thank you!
watching my boy get his hair cut
RT Looking for a rooftop in Nashville for a music video shoot tomorrow. Anyone know anywhere I can use?
Dear President Obama: WE NEED HELP WITH THE GAS PRICES AT HOME. Ya know...to live. and do anything. Please help?
Be sure to check for your Real Estate assessments in the mail Monday or Tuesday!
I saw you sitting up straight while keeping the abs tense at work today.Good job burning those extra calories and working on posture!
I have been sent some emails by people who report on each other in ways that I don't know how to begin to read!
Good night moon.
not too much, just watching Family Guy Being lazy haha hby?
FUCK OFF TWEETING FAST
i swear it's hotter in Pgh than it was in texas!! I want to go back! haha
makes sense :)
chyea it always satisfies
Better do a shoot on a glacier! I'd love to see girls walk on ice and freeze during a shoot! Tough challenge! Been there, AMAZING
no. Omg. Noo. Im straight.
I went Ta 3 No1 Had Dem Black N Turquoise Samoas
LAST MINUTE GIFT IDEA: Give the gift of Future Waffles via a Sweet Iron Gift Card! M...future waffles...
Progressions says Good Morning! We're celebrating a BIRTHDAY over here, cake... cake and cake... :-)
I know there are supposedly happy people in this world. I never believed it, but I take it for granted. God knows, they're all on television
Me too! Too cute, aren't they?!
So whats up?(:
Can do!
What I got in a forward :o
So i had to hit you up on here
Sorcerer's Stone? You need the movie explained?
Pool next door is open :(
It's all in the game, right? Throwing in the series finale of
shutup, i don't need any of your useless quotes.
I won't get old, if I become skinny
you'll get another chance for sure - ur too awesome not too!
I hope you enjoyed the event; I've attended for the last 10 years.
registrations went pretty quickly indeed. Interesting topic, I guess.
Crunch time studying
every time i like a guy the hardly ever like me back yet adults r always saying ur pretty. wat the hell?
you gotta atleast have a half lmao ima be rolling up all 10ab blunts lmaooo
wow. Makes me embarrased to be a human.
I'll vote for that..:)
exited for free coffee, just make sure you hand out your business cards so we can recommend our friends
Charlotte is a mess she needs to stop !
Happy mothers Day !!! :))
is this new Subway commericial for real..?
I never said I wasn't gonna kill him. I'm very fickle.
Maybe fake people will be real for Halloween...
Last weekend there was a beer garden across the street from my building. This weekend? Food truck rally.
Bravo!! 2 the Opera on Tap singers in SF-artists just gotta do it and stop waiting for the corporations to pick the chosen few!
RT : Meeting my friends in half an hour for the last time for the foreseeable future. We're gonna make it count.
Thanks!! Hope you're still thinking of coming to Philly!
I'm going to sleep so sad 2night
ME EITHER!!!!!!!!!!!! twilight cruise, really?
Headed to Florida tomorrow... "The World is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page." - St. Augustine.
can't get no righta
I'm finally on #4750 at work! L0l
I'll do it in like 20 :)
Hi Aiden, Thanks for the re-follow. Have a good day.
Idk how the #Clippers did it but damn came back from down 27..
yes! Lol I'm tryna go!
Thxs - glad you like 'em. RT : Finally got around to checking out Twin Anchors- tasty.
Hi hi!!! COme next year, please!!
Wow..that's good stuff! RT : Dear Jesus, I can afford wine. How about you start turning water into gas?
Bad Girls Club reunion pt 2 tonite cant wait!
lol i know it, but once i took his shirt and stuff off he was ready for running around in the back yard.now he wants 2go swimming
well, the 3rd bad thing has come to pass: MY 1980S MIXTE MOTOBECANE WAS STOLEN! making them good: get a $500 dollar bike that fits perfect
You promised me the world. Show me what your after...
BULLYING IS FOR LOSERS
you're awesome!
Missouri is actually Native American for "he who not knows how to draft"
In trying to hack on taco bells wifi apparently the password is not taco.
hey CD folks: is there a resource that lists hardcover bestsellers that are being released in PBK this summer?
It's one of the reasons most people know me by my last name, even at work.
started of the day by fighting with the bestfriend ..... great.
i love my bros
I'm going to hide... just so that will happen.
I blog, therefore I am
Happy Mothers Every where> You make my heart twitterpate.
everyone go follow . he only needs 8 more followers until 300. i wont stop tweeting until he gets there. 8
I think I'm still annoyed that Elise went home on American Idol
Love Sleep !!
#HappyMothersDay love u
I totally hear where you're coming from!
Not as bad as cat food on your foot in the morning......
This lady better stop scratchin' that chalk so hard on the board!
Never reverses them? HaHa. RT: An umpire is like a woman. He makes quick decisions & never reverses them...
I'll be there! RT : #sxsw #gestures Come meet the guys behing Minority Report tomorrow! Hilton Salon H 12:30pm
Get down to St. Andrew's tonight for Roc Stea'd and more... You know who's hosting...
whtever... NEW WAVE Different BITCh... I MEAN BEACH!!! HAHAHA
Welcome back! We missed you!
Rule #2 Never throw out your leaves before the second brew
OMFG 1 MINUTE AH #BoyzAreBack OMG I CAN'T MY EMOTIONS!!!
so are you btw
Night my followers. Ill tweet more tomorrow. See you (:
boo I'm there weekend 2! ah well - lemme know if your hot shot journo skills get you to nyc soon :)
Fina roll a plane and get on this fifa
I'm 40 miles away. Just had 4.2 aftershock. It is kind of fun, in a "holy shit hope the house is ok!" way!
I just locked in my First AD for my project!
getting sick at relay for life <<<<
xoxo! totally inspired!
but guys im still dying at that skit last night omfg its so freaking funny
Agreed that multiplayer would be an unmitigated disaster with radial. Gamespeed would slow to a crawl.
Morgan ..why is your about me only say "my crib(;" ? Haha
A place for everything and everything in its place. ~ Anon
' #OccupyUSA Not in my name! #TroyDavisLives!!!
well, that does indeed suck. I started right on the pay period and I'll only get prob 200.
wanna cover my shift? Hahaha come in and hang out! I'm there at 10
Just tapped Maritime Imperial Pale Ale.
Oh what a beautiful morning oh what a beautiful day. In the beautiful town of Hingham Mass today. I will take and post a pic later.
I know its afternoon, but I think Thursday is the most productive day!
Gotta be heading to bed. I really hate migraines. Ugh........
Celebrating the year that was with a trip to the DMV. Don't be jealous.
I think a corporation that completely renounced ALEC would get a lot of support.
sweeps the series vs the Sooners with a 9-4 win today in Norman! It's 4:40 pm and....
RT : "We are living in a world where lemonade is made from artificial flavors & furniture polish is made from real lemons."
A successful relationship requires falling in love many times, always with the same person, but deeper and deeper every time
its an automated tweet
S/O to WHADDDDDDDUPPPPPP
we need a guy to call the show right now 414-799-1099
Remember framework authors want u to drink their coolaid
How do I stop tweet notifications from coming to my phone?
me a kitten???
We just got in from hunting. We found a place in Alameda that looks promising. I'll keep you posted.
Physical Activity and Weight Control May Help Impr
Boredd as fuck :l someone should text me, 'cause I actually get service!
had to read the date to be sure it wasnt April Fool's joke. It took them 5 months to come to the conclusion that this is just wrong?
OMG. WANT! RT : Egg scramble breakfast burrito on whole wheat tortilla with salsa, and of course coffee!
No, I just pulled a random sentence from the web. :)
Some the new music and genres that are coming out....are out of this world!
$25 gift card to goes to...!
hm tour with them in 2013. :) I have tix for their Columbus, Oh date. No wait...tour with and come here..NOW.
hey, i still didnt get anything
I would remiss if I didn't say that he also brought it into courtroom -- while walking past door sign that read "no drinks"
I'll let you know after the ice bath and a nap:).
I'm wit u sis., motivation=sexier me!! Gotta get it right!!!
Hedenophobic means fear of pleasure.
": Release your product when it sort of works, not when it's gr8. Via ceo"
I broke my front screen of my iphone
lol you welcome it was good at the beginning but I couldn't get into it
All these children do is actually run around all day
Ugh. So sorry about all the mishaps. We'll let the manager know.
Check out Jatropha Oil at www.sgbiofuels.com - Usable fuel for planes, cars etc from a plant that grows easily all over the place!
I love the hood. It always gives you what you need. Plug yourself into the hood and see how blessed you are.
Lets be real, you'd fall in love with a tree
Hello world
And the last performance of the evening is "Touch" composed by alumnus and current Juilliard faculty member Brandon Lee
sorry, bud. feel better.
At symphony hall waiting for the concert to begin. Great program tonight. Very excited about the Coronation Mass!
they're growin up. B is 10, A is 9 & E is 6 now. Crazy right?
well fuck. i hate everybody right now.
Jimmy Rollins might be the only returning starter on this year's fantasy team. I'm drafting that dude early.
I wish i was famous
Thank you, Jen. Today I even did it without your help ;)
Keep in touch. With-in 60 days I will be sharing my Food Supplement@ High Fiber Cookie Mix.
not at all. He's a monster.
Loving the new Gil Scott Heron record
I thought I was prepared for #UConn to be bad, but apparently not. This is just painful.
But you can, if you haven't already, buy the full "Really Rosie" album on iTunes. My personal favorite, too.
love the bracket - Omaha would welcome Mizzou and KU as 1's (wisconsin as an 8 a bonus for me) - Creighton a 4 in Nashville
use your smile 2 change the world don't let the world change your smile :)))))
working on redesigning my portfolio...been way too busy lately - graduated in december so now I have more time woot
Spotting Adam Duritz in the apple store has made listen to Miami on repeat. I love you Mr Duritz.
Im an emotional Roller coaster for sure one min im up the next im down SMDH
Thank you for the follow! We did #followback!! :)
#10MusiciansIWannaBang All 5 of One Direction, Tom DeLonge, Thom Yorke, Travis Barker, Andrew Belle, and Miles Kane.
concert friday?? #ithinkyes :D
Hope everything is goign well....let us know where you are sitting so we can get the Plate O'Bacon!
I know :( I'll die. The only thing that could make this mothers day worse would be me actually being a mother
amazing night =]
You think your voice is normal until you hear a recording.
Sounds like fun!! RT : I'm at fire school graduation... Lol I feel like grandma fa real
Tonight's Desire 2011 SC Meet-N-Greet chat on Yahoo starts at 8pm CST. Don't be late, as I can't add any invites after 8:30pm.
I just Wanna smoke my leaf and drank my drank¡!
I can't sleep!!
It's a kinda day... Only understands
hahha good decision=)
n yo ass still anit call me it's koo... I'm jus bout 1 smoke n go 2 bed
omg i'm crying !D': poor little girl <|3 i feel bad for her !!
#S1DFest i will grow a beard, wear a flannel with some jeans, take my wife.. i need 2 passes btw. must see NONE MORE BLACK
Thanks, homie. We'll do you proud.
"Always concentrate on how far you have come, rather than how far you have left to go. The difference in how easy it seems will amaze you"
give us what you got! it could earn you a FREE ticket and we need em NOW!!! :D
we went to drop off my older brother :/
airplane mode will get u outta that
Yup RT : I need to get a list of all DMV #NT on here.
Better than "Very *NOT* Merry Christmas to all my Jewish friends!", etc. :)
#YouWereCuteUntil you opened your mouth.
what do you think of the helmet?
haven't seen that one in a long time. my favorite is probably space mutiny, but prince of space is hilarious too
I'm a " Hood General " ! What about YOU ?
Wish my subconscious would come up with a less hackneyed dream metaphor than the long scary uphill road. I get it already.
just read _The Quantum Thief_ in which wardens put prisoners in AR matrix of 0-sum encounters w/ ea. other & guns
I'm sort of offended that someone littered on my campus; but more offended by it being Keystone.
aw you look so sweet with your braces off!!<3 I won't get mine off for like 3 years cuz I got mine a few months ago!!:/
Aww that`s awesome! Thanks!
Who's enjoying all that heat and humidity? Hydrate, please.
lol i still have last fridays blues then
Free screenings tonight: This Means War at Cinemark 17 and Safe House at AMC Northpark and Studio Movie Grill Dallas
Not just any slippers, stylish ones with like diamonds and shit on them <3
Shout out to World Peace if the Lakers was nice!
Wow!! just said "He would take Rogers over any other QB in the #NFL, even Peyton,Brees,and Brady.
New avi for you lovely people.
True dat RT : Social Media gives you wings - be sure you use them to help others to fly :-)
Tweeting something bc looks bored
Study stage presence is. Watch American Idol and you can see when they have it and when they don't.
her names yeee.
You are very welcome, and we're glad to have brightened your day! We've sent you a DM with more details, so make sure to check it!
Sad bums>
Come see #BIG #TRUCK day-May12Baltimore Museum of Industry on Key Highway 10am
Congrats on the deal! Gonna miss you in the red and gold, but you deserve this deal!
ok, haha poor her
In austin now for 20 years, 2222/Mopac same location for 17 years, Family owned and the owner is there every day!! Fresh healthy food!!
not just you - some others too :(
She said she was riding the bus & I told her she better hurry & get ready. She said she was ready. You'll see what I mean.
Last call!
Medicine is a collection of uncertain prescriptions the results of which, taken collectively, are more fatal than useful to mank
I was that way with Lauren Alaina too just not as bad. I was pretty obsessed with Scotty. Haha :)
Congratulations to our iPad winner, David Hawes, an alumni from the School of Computing and Engineering!
and has the chief of police and sheriff been notified there may be a decision?
the more keys to type the better, keep on typing, who needs to swim anymore not mee. lmao how do i have friends
no cant be. it's not everywhere in the news. no.
Listening to all morning. New Amerikana and Oceanea EPs. Good stuff.
Doing laundry
this week flew by :]
Happy birthday to our very own ! Hope u have an incredible bday weekend!
No limits: If you could have any technical support service, in any way, what would it be? What does the ideal future Helpdesk do?
I don't think my shoes are bright enough
": Just finished a bottle of red wine, now time for moscato!!!"<< u probably drinkin dat shit by ya self listening to some R&B lol
making moves.. promoting chris all day... love ya lots from your tya family
"Call Me Maybe" pandora station surprisingly good.
I concur.
We're recording a new episode of the podcast tomorrow. Any suggestions for topics?
Loving and their work ethic! #nodaysoff workout tonight was of a true champion
what do you get paid for??
thank you for stopping by to help at A - i'm messing up guy.
If you need more walking dead before the fall, come hang out on my blok sometime. Lots of zombies in my neighborhood.
just keeping busy :) sorta. Miss you!
Sweet. I miss South Beach!!
Had a awful week
2nite 7-9 Bryant Park Myron Walden Momentum features on trumpet in lineage of masters but unmistakably himself
Some people just try to hard REMEMBER where you came from!!
put your hawk in the sky, move side to side, jump to the left, stick it, glide.(:
I want to be very clear. I don't like being an asshole. I'm just perfectly willing to be an asshole.
Sadly, it overlaps I gotta be there.
He wants 6-8 pages? Bitch, you got 9!
invitation sent!
Preparing to attend Supply Side West in Las Vegas next week.
it is from my Jersey office, not from my Manhattan one.
Walking on a sidewalk. A pigeon just cut me off.
I just sent you an email, Dan :) ()
Freaking Gemma have lost her mind! Freaking Tara is wicked!!!
Seek the friend who's hand helped you and tell them what they mean to you.
well, friend is mad bcuz i made a joke. thats dumb. whatever. gonna get an industrial piercing:D
Damn her AVI is proper......I'm on my break right quick
You do have all the fun!
Hey #Belltown - Happy hour is until 7pm tonight. Drink cheap & start your night right!
FACT:Studies revealed on average, fans of Lil Wayne's music have lower test scores than fans of Beethoven.
I try :) Have an awesome day
my mama is so lame man! lmfao
You can't sneak anything past me.
don't flatter yourself baby
PARTY PARTY PARTY PARTY.
if this was facebook i would have just hit the "Like" button. but instead ill favorite and RT it hahahaha!
My Packers got Nick Perry who!! Go Pack Go!!
Playing Jenga while listening to the TRON: Legacy soundtrack = EPIC.
ahw thats good :) and yeah i bet! but the idiots rescheduled me for 2:30! so im not going to my aunts till next sunday!
omg where are you finding these topics?!?! They are making me laugh too hard!!! :D
Headed to Indy
No late July for Africa. I need more then bug spray but got loads of sunblock lol
she'd rock Jace in a fight. 😏
california two weeks get ready
Deal of the Day: Ultimate Nutrition Iso Mass Extreme Gainer, Reg. 89.99 SALE PRICE 53.99. That’s 40% off!
Thanks!! : Anytime! You guys rock my world.
Hungry Girl Problems just followed me.... I'm sorry what? Why?
I guess i'll finish watching Hall Pass since my nieces aren't here.
Making a hot guy laugh.
Chicago, you ought to go see this weekend at Lincoln Hall. They're fantastic.
No more choir? yes yes yes<3
My birthday weekend w/ Blue Olives: Sprecher's tonight, Cap Brewery tomorrow, Fins Sunday.
Anyone that needs to pickup tickets to any upcoming show please stop by The Seven Venue tonight to get then from Kansas - (937) 638-6662
What up Reverb? Hope yall have a lovely Xmas and a Happy New Year!!
my friend, who was Hari Krishna, is discovering "Life is so much happier with God" Praise Jesus for revealing His truth and His love!
Get me a burrito...maybe a taco jus bcuz
I wont. I know I wont because I know how many people I would hurt if I did. But I just don't feel needed right now. And these (c)
Wet dreams are funny. 1st U think U peed yourself but slowly realize the Sandman molested U. Now when his song pops up U can’t stop crying.
your new nickname is "comeback crusher"
#LeBronOrDurant? This is tough. Both have lifted their teams up this season. The MOST VALUABLE 2 their team would have to be Durant.
RT : I need some new haters. The old ones are starting to like me - Ha! Ha! <<Now that's the TRUTH!
o. What do you think?
Get 20% off all items for Mother’s Day at , including great savings on cards and gifts for mom.
Thanks :D
Yea I'll be there. Thats would be awesome! Thanks you.
tried on an AMAZING purple ombre pair of ray-bans at saks tonight and now i can't find them online anywhere!!! EFFFF
Looks like I'm going to spend almost all of today dealing with email.
I just used that story in class the other day. I like that they reported it with the psychology angle.
Arshavin has to go, he clearly can't be arsed for god sake !
say what?!
Watching my future ex-husband on Fairly Legal...I don't think he could be any hotter. Love this show <3
Study. Study.
Happy happy happy happy happy happy happy birthday to you. Hope you're having a good day with lotsa drinks! Love yooh
TY for following us.
Custom Shirt Prints of the day: 5,000 business cards with printing front and back for $90.00 delivered. Deal ends at 7PM PT.
Good luck! RT : I will be #bobsting for my LAST FINAL tomorrow night. Save me a seat?
you need to check out the amazing #petworth window art at Annie's Ace. Pronto.
Two words: flip cup
we'll give you good price for it as long as we can still drink #Guinness there AL THE TIME :)
shut up and get in that kitchen....
Ha! RT: Those Dyson airblade hand dryers are a bit like playing Operation, except when you lose, germs win.
Respect for ourselves guides our morals, respect for others guides our manners. - Laurence Sterne
Wonderful; yes! Thanks for reminding us.
Cool!! Where?
you dude, how u b
Wouldn't it be great to see a picture of Logan grabbing Kendall's ass? Or Carlos and Kendall actually spooning?
Happy Valentine's Day! Wake up with the love on the !
Intrigued by name: "Summer Night Market" :) RT : It's about 40 minutes by public transit, 20-30 by car.
what's up. I replied to your email the other day. Did you get it?
epic complaint….
ohh ill be your lil mama butt cels is my baby mama forever <3
Your supermarket is Nijiya or Mitsuwa, right?
If someone is talkin about you behind your back, that means they are in the #perfect position to kiss your ass!
Working on editing Episode 4 as I Tweet. Sorry about it being a day late, [matt]'s been busy with work.
LOL it's a big day brother!
#follow Vanessa has beautiful crafted unique jewelry when you like something special
I'm a producer from Houston, what type of music you into? I'd like to send you a exclusive package of new ones I've made
I ate more than 3.14 pieces of pie on pi day.
Looking forward to recording today.."Back to Chicago" is the plan.
The little miss has a book basket she recognizes as her own. She takes her books out several times a day to look at them. 8 mo old early lit
yes!! I think i'm free next Thursday evening...
sigh I hope you can go :/
do you plant in pots or boxes? I've never had much luck with veggies in containers.
my college greek prof chastised me for using them. I say go for it
Now I'm on a fucked sleep schedule that's totally going to ruin my whole GD week
Oh there's Ray Allen, where's he been all year?
this guy.
follow me?<35
"There is often a big disparity between the way in which we perceive things and the way things really are." ~Dalai Lama Quote
I hate when people suck their own D!ckS 4 attention... thats not swag! -__-
Lord thank you for having us in alignment with Yourself! We bless every "Agent" used to move us into new dimensions!
Seniors playing "penis" game in library... Bringing major lulz
Yay! Everything ok?
Mexican omelet at the Montreal airport was surprisingly good. 14 hours of air travel to go!
Ringer's on tonight! What do you think will happen to Bridget + Andrew's relationship?
follow me to learn more about the special growth products I have called Complete Length
Thanks for the kind words!
just found out that 70% of all mortgages were fraudulently done! check the FBI website...i can help you own your house, foreclosed or not
Y my aunt hit da pole on dis bus! Lol! Dis sum BS!
Five Guys and Orange Leaf with my sister!
This is a perfect day to be outside. Im in need of a drink. And I want these taxes to be done. Portlanders need to take advantage of this
Love's in need of love today. Don't delay. (Fight for justice.)
Big shout out to This is going to be the best experience of my life! You are
i warned everyone that a professor lent me a book called "how randomness rules our lives" and that i'd ruin everyone's happiness.
Don't miss Butch Patrick (Eddie Munster) tonight from 7-9 PM! Cosi Restaurant, 4th & Chestnut Streets. www.spiritsof76.com
We got this. Watch out ATL, fear the deer!
Thanks! We'll be exhibitng at Decorex in London this September, we're the featured center marquee launching our new collection. Sh
Investing in Unloved Stocks Requires Vision, Patience
Hi! Sorry for the delay in getting back to you. Are you going to the #ASOTO happy hour on Thursday? Hope to meet you then.
better question is who are you?
Mine cancelled. So happy...lol“: I got lazy: scheduled a mtg at the same time as champion's league matches! Oof! #bushleague”
Excited to be heading to conference with Clockwork is invading NYC!
tired of school
Every restaurant should come with a pool.
Dynamic Heating and Cooling Specializes in air quality for you home & air purification systems.
Thank you for everything as well!
Erie Station Village is not the closest to #RIT, but its def. one of the nicest nearby. 1 BDs $905/mo, 2 BDs $1075/mo
yessa thank the lord!
lol just saw it.
loving !!! everyone should tune in to see some real bitches
third time is a ˆ¨✩charm✩ˆ¨
When there's no new music, i disappear off of the face of the Earth.
thanks for your quick responses!
Ugh work
who the fuck is david
Why are the cashiers so fuckin' chatty at World Market?!
Whats time have to say about it haha
So thunder is coming up.......
Rainy gloomy day today, I hear you have the best game in town! Bison, Venison, Quail, etc... Let's not forget best beef in town
Drowning Pool and car show 8111 meadow leaf Saturday night. 410&Marbach
there ass we should of beat them we left bases loaded twice with no outs all these team we loose to we could beat them
EDS launching Be-Salty.com
Can&#39;t Buy Me Love: Moms Really Looking for Quality Time This Mother&#39;s Day
Im on a Joan Cusack kick right now.
have you had a Teriaki boy yet? Good stuff.
I took Barnes Business College
Watching Felix the cat with my dad. SAMs going to be jealous.
Text me(;
I saw that yesterday. I've had choc cheese. It tasted like fudge.
Damn...I hope she okay,headed to herman #I'mByYoSide
our drummer is from Boston.
"Duty makes us do things well, but love makes us do them beautifully"
Do you think we should all go back to a primal diet?
“: Les go”I have to finish one game im playing now then yea!
Lol, so true!
I'm having a real bad day today. Maybe another time. :/
it wont let me inbox
wish I could! I don't ever deal with her personal (twitter) or pics/press stuff. Job boundary. Am sorry :(((
In every action, word, tweet and class continue to strive for excellence
I know! I walked in and was like hey, I'm sunni, your new hire!
DOG LEATHER MICROPHONE VANDAL ROUND 2 VIDEO SHOOT TONIGHT/// HIT US UP
Are you a divorce attorney?
haha yeah diff Jake. Thanks for checking us out!
Are we the only ones who felt that?
Certain things should not be kept as pets
it wouldnt have to be that long cuz you're short
“: "A man's gift maketh room for him, and bringeth him before great men."”amen sir!!
We are now hiring!! Come join our team! Send us those resumes!!
Why am I such a sweet heart
Thanks to my birthday nalah's new favorite toy are balloons
I agree with that remote admin with ARD would be easiest and least invasive for iPad. Now to find out how to buy apps.
Just need to drop a hosting account, but keep the domain name. I didn't see how to complete this online.
Wanted one munchkin from D&D this morning... Then I saw the promo gift bag. Good morning office: you're getting 50 seasonal donut holes!
Bosh making 18' jumpers D Wade making contested step backs and LeBron putting people in the basket... How can you beat the Heat 4 times!?!?
you keep it up and see how far that gets you. Fraud.
Hello cold and rainy DC
#NF u back
After two innings of play Virginia scores two runs and stranded three runners making the score 4-1
Thanks to all who came out! What an amazing turnout...you ROCK...you know who u r!
The boy who can't say no just ran for a seat on the faculty senate executive committee. You may commence shaking your heads now.
Forklift Diesel Batteries Amlift Fendt Boston | Construction Heavy ...
Do it.
I couldn't care less what Axl Rose does!
I read it on your Facebook 👈
Memo to : it's possible to leave our apt. at 11:15am, walk downtown, procure a breakfast burrito, and make it to the train by noon
FIRST THREE POINTER OF THE GAME?!?!?!
you better start proving to me it was worth it
apparently not cause I have no idea what that is! lol! :P
Headache from hell:/
wow no sarcastic comment?
i am following yo punk ass!!! Dumb ass. Just look
Wonder how BJ Raji is at OT…
Tomorrow I have #modeling exercises.
Congrats to Rosena Hill on the final perf of Tin Pan Alley Rag today. Looking forward to rehearsals starting Tuesday!
Give Siamese Basil in E'nitas a try. Not mind-blowing, but solidly good.
My couch has become my worst enemy. To me it means laziness, complacency, unfulfilled goals & missed opportunities.
A lot goes on, but nothing happens. Ever notice?
Yeah im a piece of shit
When U Catch Yourself Singing A Song That You're Suppose To Hate
haha yeah till I drop ! Lmao
the fact that 's background is of my girl Marilyn >>>>
pleasee pleasee follow me (: my main acc. Is This is my personal(:
#21. i play and love soccer.
Too far?
Sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together
I just realized my birthday is 4 months from today!! Yay!!
Ben: "How far are we going to take this?" Courtney: All the way to the honeymoon suite.
OMG babeeeyy It's ur 18th birthday! Wish you the best luck! Love uu more than words can say! xoxo
Happy Mothers day! I didn't # it because I don't love my mother enough to make her day trend.
naw u just wont b gettin it,lol goodnight
Gloria & irene would come to my house right after i got out the shower xD! they almost saw me naked (; fxcking irene calling me pornstar(x
With graduation season here, remember to frame that diploma with us! You'll receive the best quality at affordable prices.
Any Cooder Graw fans?? Just confirmed that we're going to open for them at Rio Brazos in Granbury on August 4th!
I know it's a cliche to say this, but it's the first week of the semester and I am already behind.
Anything special planned for tonight in Chicago? Some live piano? Your sets always give me a special feeling!
Tell me if I'm off base. We all hated Modell around here. But going after him didn't get our team back. We went after the league
#PlacesYouShouldntBreastFeed: The grocery store. They already sell milk there.
Get this: you, me and #drewsmith, all at same Cubs game on Sun. True story. We got tix right before rain delay.
We continue to experience problems with BbCE8. As soon as it is restored, we will send an email stating that it is back up again.
hey matt how are you
You guys, did a twitter follower count for Josh Hamilton during the Rangers game tonight. THANK GOD
Q3 my mom always lead by example in everything but most memorably she is always honest!
A hangover is gods way of saying Job Well Done.
They certainly are harder to carry around :-(
The spanish broads love me like im aventura!
All things work together for good to those who love God. Romans 8:28
and I enjoyed meeting you last night! Great event! I know you will do great things for !
I wonder how many people will forever be caught in awkward situations on google maps street view
Is this what we on? You gettin soft on me. #BadBusiness RT #IfWeWereTogetherRightnow she would be layin in my arms.
--- your kidding me?! serious?
Sun shining on the Bluegrass today
for sure George, it's great to hear from you! I hope i get visit Kenya some day!
nice meeting you, albeit briefly.
Mani & pedi before the hubby and I escape to PV, Mexico tomorrow!
“: Been trying to say goodbye to 2011 for awhile now, but it just won't leave.” I know the feeling, please dont leave the light on
Yay! I've been at work and MEPS since 8 last night & still have to swear in, I'll be sleeping when I get home haha. Excited?
Don't slow down for the ones that wanna keep you back, keep up with the ones that will push you forward!
But why dudes be so obsessed with feeling on butts in the club...stop it
S/o to everyone that got faded last night and is on their way to church right now.
did you make a beard out of Andy's old hair? ;)
u bey tree dont forget to retweet my music
Even if he walks Jones or gives up a hit, it'll be a good learning experience.
Typing incessantly while going 80, on the other hand...
working on an insane east v west coast hip hop battle w/ Hot97 and Power106 during SXSW. Would love to send you more info!
RT There are some errors so sweet that we repent them only to bring them to memory. Unknown
#RomCon FFP Dine-in - The Rules: Thou may bring a formal complaint against a visiting delegation for violation of rules.
Yohan Blake - 200m - 19.26 Will there be an *? I'm dubious. That is a major time drop of .52 seconds.
how i talked to you when you gave me a hug
so, polish parade huh?
Looks like my trip to Balmorhea State Park this weekend is out! Apparently all the pools are closed due to some fungus. Ok...
If it was easy, everyone would do it.
I love Light Up Night! I hope folks got a chance to see some of it.
Wash DC Cherry blossoms in full bloom, pink petals swirling everywhere in the wind like snow, collecting in drifts of pink icing. Beautiful!
Thinking about your after #cam2012 plans? Join us for happy hour at jupiter in dwnt berkeley from 6:30-8!
JOB POSTING:: We have reposted our Passenger Services Reservations Manager position. Visit WorkPlace Alaska for more info. Please Retweet.
Is it just me but Howard Stern would make a better judge on #Idol than Steven or Randy; he's articulate, coherent and he's not creepy at all
- oh, come on! Lighten up! LOL
One of our friends on FB wants to. I said what's the big rush.
Holy crap! That is awesome.
yes I would visit
just saw the tweet girl havent on this shit for a minute... Ya power hour... How could i forget
Does this make sense to you?
WTF ONLY THEM TWO ARE WORKING :/ xx
Jon Timmons is in charge of tweets now. :)
RT : SAN ANTONIO! Tonight, join at PEPPER... at RIO... & at KLUSOZ
But you want to? I often start to feel guilty just for wanting to do something bad, even if I don't follow through with it.
Hey its friday are you following ,
I was gonna suggest you find some new restaurants this time, but then I clicked the link. Interesting.
Cool story bro. Now shut the funk off.
massage is the answer to everything!
Survived #crazylegs and had my best run so far this spring!
idk im just really happy.
What to do on a Saturday...well after you get bored at Mudfest, come enjoy the Nashville Academy of Rock! Show at 6:30pm and free!
If you're sitting by us at Lambeau tomorrow, I hope you like Snickers raining down on your domepiece
Have you found having thousands of followers on Twitter has significantly translated to your book sales? Enjoy
Bullying Needs To Stop!!
depends on the day I wear em all I love jocks an boxerbriefs the most. Boxers on the weekend
I love 11:11 it the best it my ringtone
we're totally building a new website....up later tonight at modelunitednations.org
Celeb crushes: Robert Downey jr and Edward Norton
just had a nice meal and a glass of Marques de Riscal Rioja. I just started cooking after 17 years of eating out!
thanks so much for the Retweet. I appreciate that very much.
I hope my will come through against the Mighty Heat, time tell..
Ah finally.
Summer 2012 has officially started
LIKE SMELLY GRANOLA OLD LADY. SHE LOOKS TERRIBLE. I DRESSED UP IN A PASTEL SUIT, WOOL FROM NORDSTROM. WE WERE TURNED OFF BY EACH OTHER
Rich Beijing citizens commonly pay large amounts of money for robust car air filters, because the air in Beijing is ridden with pollution.
plese follow me...is my big dream....i'm big fan of 1D please
hey you changed you avi... Very nice
RT: If u love a man ull toast his pb&j
"The Son of man is come to seek and to save that which was lost."~Luke 19:10
as good a reason as any I suppose.
Good morning, just waking up on the west coast.
But I'm a realist and know that there are very limited groups of ppl really following/ discussing this
I need names.
you better text me back, it's actually important!(;
lmao im sure she wont care shes got millions of guys out there after her oh nd u. I would pik u over JB ANYY DAY F that kid lol
That's a good way to kill time. I HAVE to go out this weekend, but it'll be on the far Southwest Side of the city, thankfully!
My last name sounds like a sneeze...
If I awake tomorrow, I will have something to say.
This Top Dollar Pawn Shop commercial tho....
I want Heath Shuler. RT : we are going to give you a jersey on us of your favorite team and player to claim go to
Were there rumors in TN about his off the field antics?? Sad all the way around.
Keep talking shit on twitter hon that will totally work
Who's winning tonight?
All we do is smoke and fuck ... smoke and fuck
Thanks for the !
Tune in to Wsupfl.com.. I'm going to be telling you what celebrities are hooking up and breaking up.. Listen from noon to 3pm!! - Crystal
Fuck dating. Fuck being single lol. That's a rant for another day, though.
Yes! New songs came out today from The Word Alive and Childish Gambino. Happiness couldn't be described in any other way....
Yeahh that's very awesome. You still out in Jersey or you out here?
What happened homie? I'm ready to ride on these punk ass suckas. #OaklandBoss Who jacked you?
R.I.R. (Rest In Rhyme) "Heavy Diddly Diddly Diddly D" Thanks for evolving the rap game. Your songs will forever be classics! RIP Heavy D
Hold me, distract me, dress me up in bubbles baby. Save me from the troubles of my own skin.
It's collection development Friday and this title came up in my slips: INTERSTATE 95: THE ROAD TO SUN AND SAND.
Lonely tonight
Lovely, brand new humidor is seasoned and running at 72%. Time to add the prensados.
I liked it! We should only do the ones he did in that show.
I love Ur BLS (: can u tweet me too, when u post a new chapter ?
Amazing day in DC- walked across the city and took it all in
Yeah, their groups seem mostly filled with promotional garbage. Luckily I don't get too many emails from recruiters. Yet.
Reality setting in today...rely on the strength of the Lord #he>i
Guess who just got a job offer?....THIS GUY,!!!!!
Right now I just have to knuckle down and hang in there. Come April 8th I can sleep.
Slangin' burgers at Brave the weather. Get your face rocked!
BaseKit Website Builder Partnership Signals Growing South African Market - Web Host Industry Review
good morning moon
Hi , we should connect and share ideas on recruiting! Go #ADP and Go #TheRightThing!
I love the fact that I am the only one at school that has great taste in music!
That's Seattle for you. RT : How bout people tubing on lake washington before 8 in the morning?? Now that's dedication!
lol thanks girl! I'm excited for tonight! I hope I don't die pretending I do yoga!
So pumped for tomorrow's show at (boscos social club). 9 pm start time. You can expect originals #pearljam #phish #blues & MORE
Tell me a bedtime story.
Hoping to make it to the Larry Edmunds Book Shop tomorrow for Alain Silver, James Ursini appearance, and The Egyptian Theater for Noir.
What a 9th inning! I went for a smoothie, and the #Royals scored 6 runs.
Woo prom is awesome!
No, York PA. I did do old Yankee Stadium though. No real interest in the new one.
Studio Today. Im too hype
oh that would be funny! I'll probably give ur ticket to someone else then!
Totally! Good thinking! ": Bach B Minor Mass, 2nd mov. That's right up your alley, right?”
FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "CREEPNIK" to the bartender and your first drink is free.
Securing shooting locations is a really irritating and difficult task.
Down 3-1 against a team as explosive as the Heat, w/ Amare's hand issues, Davis and Shumpert out, ...my prediction looks rough.
So here's a huge waste of resources, the #Census just sent me a letter to let me know they are going to send me a letter next week.
It will fail just like MWWM & now #SMASH .. both colossal failures. If we keep the TRUTH flowing, NJ will be protected ;)
Sage wisdom. RT : Lesson learned: make sure I understand the new Tweetdeck interface before adding work's Twitter account.
My hair is so fuckin staticky. Looks like I just got done fuckin R2D2!! xD
definitely.....not
#Bears game is ridiculous. How about a play without a flag??
Whenever I read or hear P.S. I love you, I don't think of the movie anymore, my mind automatically thinks PSanders I love you.
hang nails hurt
can't guarantee anything. I'll see what I can do.
I hear that. I only have an hour to blow!
Yea!! Thanks!!
yea good vibes
Twitter has allowed Poised Creation and its artists to flourish! Thanks for all the support!
is almost done hanging his art ! We are very excited and you should be, too! Come by and check it out!
Mitchell strikes out the side in the 3rd. Skinkis, Martinez, E. Cipolloni coming up in bottom half.
Part 4: Too often we seem to hurt the ones closest to our hearts. And we let the most foolish things and people tear us apart.
King James U16
feel better (:
Go Carl! Joe doesn't have a chance
I know :D
Massage chairs in the morning are great!
m your angelic face and your unique way of life and intelligence
Im older than by 7 days :D
Sorry #Twitter I've been neglecting you for a while..
Suspicious death in E Austin and police catch rapist who they say attacked a woman in S Austin. #fox7 news is next!
DON'T LET SOME OTHER PPLE RUN IT. I'M WILLONG.
Now wondering if there really is a function for Conjunction Junction.
Maryland came back in the last 2 min and won the game
I need to get a lawyer......... to write my political science 300 briefs.
as unceremonious as throwing away an old toothbrush is, it isn't without emotion. you served me well, you old so-and-so.
Who are you?
did you enjoy your voice mail from :')
ahh, my husband got the lamb med rare last weekend and it was great. Never had a bad meal there.
Whoa! It's about time.
hey whats up?
That's pretty exciting. What's involved?
no. Steve Nash to pacers yes
thanks man! Appreciate it.
Miss you guys and the wee one - hugs from us Capitalinas xoxo!
Prospector has millions of google book previews
Ticked off how could they not put through?! so stupid
hahahahaha that was hilarious
Yes, tweet about a husband's failure for the world to see...
#ConfessionNight I don't wanna be alone tonight </3
#RoyalRumble The Best Upcoming Superstar JACK SWAggER my Pick
oh wow. Didn't even know you were in town! Travel safe!
Happy anniversary to ! The most bestest wife ever!
Wow how rare is that i thought that was earthquake country now so cal got tornados shit hop ppl in moble homes run lol
I slept on my shoulder wrong. Good going Jasmine.
If you miss fireworks tonight don't worry, will be giving #steelersnation lots of fireworks during the upcoming season
is my favorite band because...oops i will exceed my tweeting limit
True, but no one cares what he says. B/C he can't win!
just pay for it...don't pull a Pryor!!
RT : "If you lose the drive to continue to improve your skill level, one thing is guaranteed: you will go broke."
8 am and I'm still going strong!!!
now proudly representing Waterford Press! www.waterfordpress.com
Watching the "he could be the one" Hannah Montana episode on Netflix because I'm cool like that.
I'm a loser. :P
Hey there Alex! :)
Feeling sick ugh
UPS just delivered my beautiful Native American flute. Time to compose that melody for my Potawatomi song!
whats up lover
I get paid to sit down and watch time pass.
Since signing up for Klout a week ago, my score went from 10 to 28 to 41. Big deal. It just measures how much I tweet links and who RTs me.
We marched streets in 60s when it was not chic at all. Maybe there are lessons to be learned, you say you want a revolution
I like it! They burgers big! RT : What is WHATABURGER hittin on these days?
It has been a very wonderful conference!
"Finding girls at this school who don't annoy me is rarer than Based God."
Big day at Tudor Fieldhouse for Rice MBB! Rivalry game against UH, senior night, chance for 18 win regular season!
Big THANK YOU to our hosts and our sponsors at You guys are the cat's meow!
Just kidding. Guess Bart's not really dead.
ha ha! No shit! You called it,
that means you had a great time! Miss u miggs
DOES ANYONE KNOW .. ANYONE WERE THE BOYS ARE STAYING ON MAY 25TH? OMG
Happy birthday to the homie !
I fucking HATE freshmen.
shoutout to you by at #activatenyc2012. Can't wait to see you Friday!!
Tonight we will be performing at Saints in the Plaza district for FREE FREE FREE FREE FREE FREE FREE FREE. Show up around 10pm or 10:30pm.
everyone please follow my new account i am not using this account anymore
We do not present as evidence either, but it is important to share experiences to go with clients own documentation over time
Such A Great Day ;) God Bless U All
oh ok cause you can hear a lot of echoing
Thanks for the
Recognize. Explore. Adopt. Live The Real Change Project
thank you girl! And I will :) Hope I see you tonight!
Im so amazingly happy roght now!!! and u guys killed it tonight congrats
Why I just came across Brian McKnight new song If you ready to learn this dude talking bout let me show you how your Pussy wrk...smh
We´re excited to welcome our fall study abroad participants in less than a month. Good luck packing - don´t forget your swimsuit!
Drinking at Curra's. I'll be here another hour, if you want to buy the second round.
good luck!
Rest in peace Etta James :(
South Florida tweeps...another FREE FITNESS class at this morning. 10:30, Pembroke Pines. It's #FlirtyGirl and FUN!
Are you shitting me?
Hope that wasn't your taxes you were trying to mail!
#barbiebffNTN what's the NTN mean?
Michael is goin to Washington DC on tues & my gram just asked him if they were gonna ride the ferry out to see the statue of liberty..
dinner and a movie with mom. on valentine's day. just like last year. because i'm 31 and single and AWESOME.
Just SMILE, RELAX, and hold your head high knowing you did ur best! Have a gr8 day!
Chicago on
Hey I just met you, and I'm a taco, here's my meat, so add your sour cream
I have a lot to do this next week so i'll try to get on here more next weekend (if you want to talk i'm on ) :)
Invited dress for Working at !
I want to cook bacon on your forehead and then seductively eat it off. Is that weird?
Ya is a force that can only be contained- not stopped.
I'm hoping everybody is having wonderful Holidays.
At #SocialTV Summit, says is first official partner to help brands monetize content.
vic gave me a pass for life lol wtf get here
Instead I will snack on celery, cucumber and Whole Foods brand lemon hummus. No neon orange cheese powder involved there.
have fun in Atlanta! I will be there in spirit. Call me if u need any thing.
hahaha:) i think ur the only person who noticed that tweet!
my sentiments exactly: RT : Thanks we are very excited!
It wouldn't be a 'camp' without an arts/music lesson. Learning about history of African drumming (and about to beat the drums) at
- Ernie needs to remember that this team wasn't doing that great even before Arenas was lost. Blow it up.
What the fuck... River Song is actually Melody Pond? Mind fuck.
have u ever wanted something so bad but at the same time u r so scared 2 reach out to it bc what if u cant have it?
Heard something ridic-the dude adele wrote "rollin in the deep" about bc of it's huge success wants part of the cut! What. A. Scum. Bag.
I'm hitting up sessions the rest of the day. After 6?
Robert Gupta of LA Philharmonic is playing at Libros in the Hammer at Wilshire and Westwood!
Need auto #repair? We can ease the burden on your repair bills through the internet.
Take a deep breath and you'll rock it out on your first day!
set an alarm clock.. haha
Tank library good; payphone library bad?
In the mood to play some bball, or run some plays for tomorrow..
A BIG CONGRATULATIONS to Paul Johnson, Betty Barrett, and Megan Titus!
Mom wants Champagne and Pinot! We're open til 5 today in Carlton...
Birthday lunch !! Why? 'cuz it's the best lunch place in town!!
haha your sister has good taste in music!!
Well it was fast food for lunch today, kind of ashamed of myself, wish there was good, quality, food around my office...
Awesome talk by Adriene Hughes! Just learned that 1/60 is what I need 2 know 2 shoot video on my DSLR! , , &
Cali can't get here soon enough. Need some warm weather and sunshine.
Yep, I prefer watching the weird looking guys in that video
I knew you were a #CHELSEA fan! #CFC #KTBFFH #SuperFrankieLampard!
=) its the damn truth at times
Hard to get on anything when all clubs own by people who aren't in the culture. A city that known for bio Chem not entertainment.
Like Snakes on Plane. But nerdier. And terrestrial.
saw in the library today. We needa hangout
ok then we'll keep in touch.
Midtown will salute its staff on Sat night at our Employee of the Year Celebration at Peabody Court Hotel. who will be this year's winner?
I feel like crap... stupid head cold
First Tuesdays tonight at with wine tasting, networking & a high tech scavenger hunt. Don't forget to download a QR reader.
Well played. RT : Walking out of Best Buy. An employee just got on mic and broadcast the worship Michael Vick
Remember: what we can change is our thoughts about our circumstances. Via
The picture of me in the paper looks weird and they spelled my name wrong! It's ea NOT ey!
Nice! We just finished epic rounds of Apples to Apples and Clue over here.
Lets win it all RT : Hawks win! We're going back to the final!
get here!
ahaha you thought you were special. LMAO SLAP MY FACE.
Standing in a REALLY long line to get my university ID card makes me feel like I'm in college all over again!
Wow! this is the New Orleans I've been looking for. Nicely done...
Toured Woody Hayes Athletic Complex today. What an incredible work of OSU football's storied history an rich tradition. Can't wait for fall!
i'm waiting... until you love me.
If this is all about Austin then im done and you can all stop tweeting me(:
you wish i was
That convo was boring.
did ya get my freakin emails, joker???
See you bullshitting ..
Metta World Peace: I was just celebrating. Conan: remind me not to get in your way on your birthday when the cake comes out lmao
Just drove past an inflatable lawn decoration that was a snowman dressed in camo holding a big gun. Thanks Quakertown!
true. Its a hard subject since respect means something diffrnt to every1. Equality is static so maybe the word is easier 2 use.
Changing the wallpaper of one of our computers because it is a picture of a hot dog and it constantly makes us want to eat one. Bad news.
When thinks I'm the reason my sister is crying..
Who else thinks Jim Palmer is one of the best in the business with color commentary? Bmore....we are very fortunate! #JimPalmerClassAct!
That's not pretty either:-)
yeah. i cant even buy cigs yet! it sucks. haha.
Safely in Kalamazoo. Cool place close to campus. Sound check soon but VERY relaxed. Ah gigs in small town America.
I bet your a screamer.
lol that's like me with scribblenauts remix
"If my kid don't eat...then mama won't sleep"- what song that come from??? First right answer get a scratch off ticket lol.
Bed. Icing my ankle again tonight. Looking like I'm gonna either have to go to physical therapy or a specialist. This pain is out of control
Just offered a 4 night stay @ the Natty Shack in PCB, perhaps I need to class up my act & start being SMOOTH!
and yeah i like that song
"Funny thing about honesty is it's not only a gift to other people, it's a gift to yourself." -- at 's Lavender Grad.
So lucky to have this one following me --->>>
Work today :-/
#FREEFRIDAYS is on! Bryan RadioNOW is Live at Mavericks tonight! Say FREE at the door, no cover! High five Bryan when you get there!
Juicer recipe: apple, pineapple and rainbow beet. Yum...
thats funny. na. school is good. deciding if im bout to take a couple classes for summer or wait until fall. hbu?
it's all good dude, me and johnathan will be writing music for as long as we can :)
at the end of the day isn't all just about love?
Big Ten A's kick off the season tonight at Warner 1 at 7:30 PM! Come watch Jones, Padgett and the rest of the boys as they play Schoolers!
I should tho.. Great high five??
Compact shelving, off-site storage, barcoding, RFID, self-checkout, mobile device applications, shadow work.
Hey Jay! Send an email with all the details to
Filed asylum app for a 14yo #ElSalvador boy;brother killed by gang 4 testifying. says country a critical-crime-threat.
Well...that was ugly.
Just participated in usability testing on new & soon to be released update to educause website.
well then I shall see your pretty face soon!
Motion carries unanimously to support S Texas medical school. Now on to Austin med school proposal.
Successfully reached over 4600 followers!
Yes boo so you need to try out too!!!!
Interesting research field: topic negotiation and politeness strategies. Don't think we'll hear findings, though, he's focused on process.
Tomorrow is going to be a all production day .
I had this great idea earlier and was going to craft a stellar tweet about it. I lost it. I feel like Kinsey on Madmen, season 3. Anyone?
working with a client on their Debossed iPad2 Cases. Thanks Nathan!
bruh just keep going live life Y.O.L.O
Welcome & Thanks Happy to connect.
#EarthDay this weekend, what are you doing to be more Earth Friendly?
ooh, and it's bigger so if some of us get there early...
never let the world take your smile. For it is the greater gift.
I only manscape when I think I will be getting laid
roger that firmy squishy firm! :-)
Join us tonight after the performance of #TimeStandsStill for the official afterparty!
Just having someone to sit wit and understand im hurting makes me feel better
diggin' the #pastels and color!
thanks for the follow :)
Glad You Came by is playing on Americas Got Talent! What! Haha
girl they'll get it down!
The biggest lesson I've gotten from this call is that I need to redefine my business model so that passion fuels it.
Me too :(( RT I wish my roomie was here to cuddle with me in tha rain :(
Depends. Will there be food?
& which guy that actually has respect for themselves would want a chick like that. Shit I know I wouldn't haha
Facebook is stupid.
Starting to feel like the closer I get to my goal the more obstacles get thrown in my way but that just means I'm that much closer
Work at 7am,I am screwed.
TERROR OVERRISING IS PRETTY FKIN LEGIT. GOOGLE IT (:
You are all awesome!
Seeing the suite empty out makes me sad :/
the missing piece of the puzzle = good writing. At low budgets there's limp writing bc developing the skill set takes time
A Genesis - up to 30 lbs...
Libraries: Because Nobel Laureates Don't Cite Wikipedia.
that looks so cool! So maybe a QR can look fun.
You missed some great lamb chops this morning !
If you like country the Cactus Blossoms are starting a Monday night residency
When I say my trust level is so intolerant BOY lol I dnt trust nbdy
I couldn't find anything you suggested, so I went for Bass Ackwards, i looked it up after and it was a zero budget sun dance film
Spreading consensus Gr8 mention. Thnx 4 all that u do 4 the public good
I will take the win
vinyl spring lager now on draft.
Is there going to be a miniTOC SF?
Oxy Mo: Sea Shore
New Rule, Directioners: If the boys are seen with girls, don't ever send them hate. imagine how you would feel. so STOP,-
Masai Ujiri is such a boss. Sayin we'll match any offer for tellin the teams to bring it, sounds like confidence to me
My cat acts like I was gone 2 weeks instead of 2 days. He hasn't left my side all night. His favorite person was even home with him.
#nw Bad Teacher
Pop Legend Whitney Houston Dies at 48
Cleaning spree like a Boss!! Mrs. #Clean!!! Lmao
The Vikings decided to save some time and only look at a couple schools to draft all their players.
I am number one fan from Milwaukee. Please rt. :)
were amazing as always!
Sometimes you need to hear what you already know ~
Have a good trip buddy safe flight!
Cause there'll be no sunlight if I lose you baby.
Ack! I think I may give up on this one. I love that shop tho! :)
New audition just in!
"If you're not posting to Facebook w/ photos & it's your job... you should be fired." says
I keep thinking today is Thursday & tomorrow is Friday.I guess that's why told me to come to the cd release show. Got it. My bad.
I, personally, have not used cursive since gradeschool. I took the ACT though.
Watching this #Heat game! Cmon boys lets do this!
Welcome (Susan McDermott) to Twitter! She's answering publishing questions at #AFPmeet. Come by booth #1112 or tweet her!
Im folliwing everyone who follows me
my mom has type 1 so its really hard to control it(: so id like for her to get the proper care she needs(:
dont get an attitude with me boy!
Good morning #Cleveland a lot on the agenda for council today. We'll tweet updates throughout the day.
True love is when a guy answers your phone call during sex.... right?
I'm so excited about #LeapDay but I have no idea what to do about it.
maybehhh.. i like sitting outside tho...
happy birthday Em<3 I miss you:( come see me son!
The first section of today's podcast is a bit of a rambly mess, I think. It was 5am and I barely remember doing it. Not editing a thing.
Watching the game on my phone and hoping my battery can make it to the fourth quarter at least.
How are you going to the city that never SLEEPS!!! lol RT : New York next month ! Can not effing wait.
look look look look look look look look look look look look look look
roughing? R u kidding me. Bad call. Dallas loves
That was a lie
It is my last week of school, although that just means finals are even closer and I feel less prepared.
Just left the gunshow, need a damn AR-15.
One week and the iTriage team will land in Austin for #sxswi! Come find the iTriage Man for a chance to win big!
The secret of success is consistency of purpose. - Benjamin Disraeli
The feeling you get when you find out the hottest girl you know like the ugliest guy you know. AND he's got 6 kids from 5 different mothers.
looking ahead through the summer any plans to be here?
Trying to figure out how to work twitter
Whatcha got in ya head now?... All kinds of images
feeling slicker than owl shit and not near as dusty
EKU pick-ups transfer from Orange Coast College in Costa Mesa, CA. Frank Arriola offensive lineman from Mission Viejo, CA
Go Kara! “: In 24 hours from now, I will be in Arizona with the A's!! Can't wait to kick off the 2012 season...”
Trust the Instinct.
Would love to listen to Mr. T without the annoying Eric Byrnes. Just can't take his jock-dufus persona.
It's a beautiful morning at the St. Philips farmers market!
#2010was also the year we finished our technology move. All on Mac OSX, Kashoo for accounting, Google Apps everything. Bye Microsoft!
Weather Channel app update...oh no
Border Lords 2 canceled. Water in the Art Museum.
RT : OH: "There's no such thing as coffee that's too strong, just people who are too weak."
missed you at tonight! #corefusioncardio is awesome!
I just lost
give Matt his old number
Minnesota Lynx beat Silver Stars 85-75 - Silver Stars lose sixth in a row.
daily quote: Psychological mountain climbing may be the right phrase for what we mean by #experiential education
well...call a spade a spade and all that
motivation - you're failing me now. you need to turn it around before the weekend
There are way too many blue and white app icons
You guys are welcome anytime!
#20ThingsAboutMe 16. My daily snack is cheddar cheese popcorn and a fruit punch Arizona.
haha cuz, its good shit to know, spread the wealth of sexual knowledge!!!
I wish this very same thing everyday!
<--- tweets greater than anything ever in life which is due to her brain which uses 3% more than the rest of ours
Stage 5 Clinger
Well, I kinda feel like a stoner waking up at almost noon. That's the closest I'll ever get to being that.
Hope everyone has a Happy Easter, and we look forward to seeing everyone at next Friday's Open House Party!
#FirePioli kc BBQ is in business at least
nice. I just finished b-law and starting marketing management in 2 weeks. Good luck! Lot of dry reading
are you guys going to be in newyork this weekend.
Your time to shine Verizon. 4 DROID s down I better get a free I phone 10 am Thurs. Show me what you got!
"Acting has to be done for the love of acting otherwise you are wasting your time"
I think #mla and #aha should have joint custody of you. Equitable custody, that is. Every 5th yr you go to
Love it - thanks for sharing, Will! How's the search going?
Enough with the salsa already, let's see he he does next year
from NBC15 TV is going to be at #smbmad #ford to hear awesome words of wisdom from on global social media
“: Qdoba in Nashville great deal tonight-2 full meals + chips and Queso = $15” double meat?
Enjoying one of my fav presenters at
Steaks for dinner tonight yummy.
sure, how can i help you?
Oh I have so much left on my to do list this week...
prodigy is on the top of my Christmas list
You ever fart so badly that the rancid odor actually wakes you up from a dead sleep? Yeah. The dogs won't even look at me now.
you gotta love working til midnight the day before school starts, and not being able to fall asleep at all.
Oh, and congrats!
Thanks Cassie, after being the Mad Hatter at Hoot-A-Ween I wasn't sure what to do. haha
So the ren fest in RENO was cancelled? weird, but I had an awesome day in Reno instead! :-) love charlotte Russe!
I Catch Em While They Cokeded Up And Weeded Open Fire Now Them Niggas Bleeding
Very quiet for George W. Lots of Obama chants from mall and "hey goodbye!" Aretha was great!
TONIGHT - Tempatation Thursday with DJ's AI & J-Roc Playing the Hottest Hip Hop & Dance Music along with the Lotus Dance Team!
OH MY and how could I forget it's #PPL day!!! Yayyy 😃
Good morning! How was everyone's weekend?
Hope to start getting big for football! #hitting the weights!(:
BTW..u have a follower...yaaaayyy
Nothing quiets a room like a procession of
Living A Single Life Is The Best!.
if you come through nashville, check out "beer-thirty" at grimeys...Free imports and great music
Very true. You think Marcum trade was worth it? Short term and/or long term?
still taking shots. Man what a joke. Makes Shero's name look so bad. He's as bad as right now.
Aaron - we saw Modify on Fab yesterday and the LaunchSquad Boston office is crazy for the new designs!
I don’t care if you think you have "swag". Pull up your pants and walk faster."
Go to for the good pizza in Seattle near by your hotel basicially - don't you think & Shih_Wei ?
Happy birthday to my dudes Calvo and Devo!!!!! Enjoy it!
Taking out Marco Estrada's start where he gave up 5 runs vs Cincy- the #Brewers starting pitchers have an ERA of 2.65 in the month of May.
Don't judge God and Christianity by Christians. Christians are just imperfect humans just like you. We screw it up pretty good sometimes.
Training at tonight!
how u "think" somebody scratched u?
RT they covered gotye on glee. now my two least favorite things in the world have merged. awesome.
ll probably try that. Thanks !:)
Thank you for the RT and the FAVORITE. And thanks for all you do in support of #Educare!
oh my god. wait wait wait what is that from?
I think I'm coming tomorrow.
thank you Steven!
No turkey lftovrs today. Tried the bacon,cheddar,PEANUT BUTTER burger at AJ Bombers. Yeah, it works.
Welcome aboard!
awww thats no fun i love chokein on a big fat dick
haha you missed out, it's all gone
it's a secret! Duh lol
As we approach dating hr: If you're dating a writer & they often sing Cristina Aguilera's "Fighter," just know you're being written about.
JETER HOME RUN!!!!!! 2nd day in a row! Yankees
stop that boi!
sorry hun icant , the limit of follwers i can follow is 2,000 n i reached my limits =/ .. But i can get u followers .
You're really pretty (:
Also for anyone who may come to Tonight's show, we still have a few presale. Contact us through our facebook if that interests you.
their vegetarian buffet is outstanding. Abusing of stereotypes, I forgot I was eating vegetarian. Service is amazing, always
God boy!
hahaha ♥<best I can do lol.. Me 2 it'll be fun!! Hahaa awee I see, that was my guess besides abduction lol
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 30
nah i went yesterday. he did amazing as usual but the fans i wanted to hurt them all
RT: Come #Party w/Us at #Bodi This #Thursday | Its Gonna Be #Crazy We #PoppinBottles All Night! $2 Drinks & FREE FOOD!
How exciting is that! I spent years trying to find one :-)
Really such a thought provoking question for me RT : Would you rather have a repin, like or comment on pinterest?
is it raining in ohio?
that's cuz your a gangsta. Gangsta's don't need sleep.
“: I agree. I'd like to see a SG over a big man. But I trust Cal... lol”
Well, I'm already sure of what it is.
Why everybody think they big cheifers
If a couple can be married for over 50 years how come you cant stay with your boyfriend for more then 2 weeks?
Thanks, Steven--appreciate your thoughts.
I just don't think that you have to be friends first to be something else
Funnily I yell at my iPhone all the time. I just because I have higher expectations for it. When my Berry acts up, I just shrug.
Good morning world!! Heading to Dim Sum with talk about a great product. If you haven't their salt yet go get in now.
Safe journeys!
Just cuz I said hi to you in the hallways doesn't mean we're talking!
of course my Damie! Whats new? Come by for a visit with the ravins sometime in your future.
Embrace the probability of your imminate death, and know in your heart that there's nothing I can do to save you -Haymitch
That's such a lovely, thick Long Island accent you have ma'am and the lip smacking with gum, delightful.
Clemson YLI offers youth summer camps
Good luck to all the new and returning Cannonballers! 58 are registered. How many will make it to the starting line in Georgia?
whatever it is please don't lose that svelte figure...
Holding interviews 4 Actors & Music Artist 4 Theatrical Play "COLLEGE FUND" in Negotiations with SONY. Email
hey thanks for all the support ! i think we'll be coming through AZ sometime in march...
Wings and More
#WorstBreakUpExcuses<<<My grandma hates yu...i cant b wit yu no more
lol you rapist hahh im gonna do that to kendall an MORE!!!!
The world has lost one of it's greatest treasures and a modern visionary. Rest in peace, SJ. www.apple.com/stevejobs/
Your very welcome =]
Continually impressed with quality of reporting done by They are clearly setting the bar high for other Twin Cities journalists.
dude..we get it..Wisconsin won...move on and focus on the a$$ whipping coming from vandy
Assessments are starting point for instruction. - Bambroke Santoyo
My Mom leaked my new record in Columbus to a few DJs but its startin to pick up so im not mad at all
well, almost Happy Daily BuzzDay, then. :)
LOL me and you both roh fucked up this time
My tummy is grumbling, time for lunch... fast food today. Not healthy... bad me.
thanks much, Clair! Have been a little remiss there-- Tonight had insomnia- glad to pop in twitter and see u around!
he sure is, until he attacks you & you have bite marks near your ankles. But yeah... He's a lil sweetie.
#1 in major leagues
Movie night wit :)
no sir keep the pics
Yes! RT : Just got some awesome stuff from Nate Robinson and Isaiah Thomas for our Portage Bay Cafe Fundraiser! Yay!
wow. Not fair!!
#CareerRealTalk Retain the services of an accountant, insurance and bonding agent that specialize in your industry
You open your eyes and the people you once knew have changed.
Oof, I need to finish and edit a book chapter due Monday and if I leave it until Sunday might not have enough time :(
RT Gas is really $4 in Buckhead.Gucci Gas -
Respect is neither an obligation nor an entitlement; politeness is both ~ J. Steven Jeffries
... To do! I am so incredibly pissed right now. I wanna punch a wall.. better yet their faces!
psh im always fresh
WENGER YOU BLEW IT. GOOD LUCK SIGNING NASRI WHEN YOU BLEW THE CC BY NOT LETTING HIM RUN THE MIDFIELD. HE AND CESC WILL LEAVE
I have the same reaction Marc....and you know what? I'm ok with it. Something about it irks me and I can't even tell you what.
We have a pile of electronic trash set for pickup. Few people this morning have asked me "Do these LCD monitors work?" I want to kick them.
You're just somebody that I used to know.
always stay positive
Y'all 4 real! “: 20-0! UK is off to the best start in school history series win over No. 2 S Carolina, 4-3.”
Christians need to live their beliefs by not judging. Fairness and equality must be for all people not just the overly righteous majority!
yup like Hood but we need one every year to come!
bored. someone should text me :)
How come nobody ever says "everything happens for a reason" after something good happens?
... hold my poodle! and let me put my cap locks on, NOW WHO CALLED PROD UGLY!
Knew Bed & Breakfast Man was coming up soon!
Morning! On the way to SF for my little brother's #university open house! He'll be going to big boy school soon! ;)
Obama must set a price limit on Red Bull, iced coffee, & hot wings
ha, thus intesting by logic internet = facebook. and i feel ya' , quess Question is: do 5 or more like google+
haha... let him be.
WSFP Youth Foundation welcomed Sarah Smith, Marquette University's Managing Director of Development - Milwaukee, as a new board member today
Blazing hot in #Healdsburg, but off for a champagne picnic as the birthday continues!
this is my new teen people magazine. learning all the sexy secrets of the youngens
We are mass energy. Everything is energy. EVERYTHING. -The Secret
I'm rather fond of the green Link buses
Thanks! #YoureGorgeous too. (:
Oh yeah. I thought you meant recently or something
Will #shazam do morse code?
"I can't stand all these sparkly unicorns riding their chariots in heaven!" (Dude at Lightning Bolt show, Detroit, 2002)
Just 3 more followers until I hit the 1k mark! How did this happen? Y'all are awesome!
gotta make moves for TOUR! practice, plan, DO! awww yeeuh! also stoked to meet up with the VIV boys tomorrow!
Congrats to Casey for Signing with Wilhelmina Models Miami : ) You have a great career ahead of you!!!
Just got a 7 cent residual check for an Internet rental. They even took out 3 cents 4 taxes.
We open at 10AM!
#supportlocalmusic Live in 10. Listen to some random songs. Like us on Facebook & follow us down the rabbit hole
Man my family is depressing.
Fact. MT A3. Pres. is an emotional subject so rewards are emotional. It is not a subject that pays mega ££ (or $)
Jacobs Pavilion. It's downtown Cleveland, behind the Power House. Let me know if you want tickets.
I do wat wanna do and say wat i wanna say #grownasswomen..If u dnt like>>>>>>>>>Fuck you!!
definitely! Let me know when you want to meet and if you need more committee members
OH MY! Doesn't seem very patriotic...or does it?
makin me some coffee i need energy!
I think I just might postpone working late. Instead, drink some sleep tea, curl up, listen to the rain, and wake up early-early
I love my curly hair, sometimes..
OH NO The Brewer's Art, MtVernon will b closed this Sun. 4 Super Bowl
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of payments.
Here comes Kevin Gregg... there's hope still in Boston.
Now off to Greece for another meeting...
it's all good fam
Cisse is on fire.
My biggest challenge is focusing on myself and putting energy into creating the things I want, instead of trying to do it for my loved ones.
Lady Antebellum on #TheVoice! 
What does your shirt say Ro?
Good morning Jennifer. Remember me? This is #karma! 7 year itch?!? I guess the 3rd time around isn't a charm for #J.Lo... poor thing...
I wish would come run with me #lazyass 😜
Happy Pancake Day to All...
don't think you can go back:)They got their commission.It's all good. Inform new agent of conflict. You were great,they renewed
How did you spend your Sunday afternoon? Great time of fellowship with family and friends at the Potawatomi Park!
track #4 on the "sunkissed" album by
looks like "Snow Leopard" for Apple is due out tomorrow for only $29. What a big difference compared to MS updates.
was it mario?
Sure! I love the idea...but it's on SO late! I can't stay up that late... boo! Gotta DVR it!
So glad I'm oust out of work!!
I say what I feel, I could care less about how you feel.
What ever happened to all that hope and change?
Thanks for the Follow, Walk The Walk Sounds like something I'm going to have to Pick Up!!
RIP ETTA JAMES!
And it would be fascinating to talk with him over lunch. Next week I'll be in Pauillac while he's in Bordeaux. Bummer.
hahaha! Nicee(: & I would do the same :P lolol (:
aww, what's wrong?
I need to get more people to follow me on twitter .. help me okay
Can I borrow a quarter? I just want to call my mom and tell her I just met the girl of my dream.
thank you for sharing our event! We are so thankful for your help.
On my way to the most beautiful place in the world, Ohio. :)
Lol this negro finally got me my money..i was finna make a call.
: "When #women feel more self-confident, it can change the course of her life and perhaps the course of life."
yay! Come say hi afterwards :) Which show will you be at?
thanks for the tip :o)
We'll try to keep 'em coming! Thanks for purchasing! Enjoy using it :)
Pau is a beast!!!
glad to connect!
#teenwolf fans who is excited for #teenwolf tomorrow???
word on the street is its someone's birthday! Any chance I could get a follow? ;)
RT : My last 2 weekends of summer were spent at the beach with my best friend. Doesn't get better than that.
yea I love jay garricks new orgin its like hals origin but dying god instead of alien
Can we all just agree to ignore whatever comes after Blue Ray? I don't want to have to restart my collection...again.
My mom is so addicted to winning tickets from the radio she's won once again and she is too juiced....smh
nook by barnes & noble is a superior product. I am a manager at the santa monica store. Come by for a free demonstration.
Now that’s integrity. #politics #2012 RT Ron Paul Spokesman: Candidate Unlikely To Ever Endorse Romney
"Argumentation and Debate" or "Persuasive Writing and Speaking"?!?!
Am I surprised that is late. Not really. Can we say
My closet is so not ready for summer.
#MadMen is too short!!! Bring on the indecipherable previews....
Haha, that's too true!
If I agreed with you we'd both be wrong.
Tilapia, so good :)
The #shoneysremodel is why we didn't get Shabazz. He's a Friendly's man.
Laying in bed all cuddled up w/my blanket & my yorkie Dublin. Watching MSNBC again lol. I'm watching some show on Inmates in Prison. Crazy!
On track for a record day of visits for - Anyone know why?
On raising globally minded kids via : Investigate the world. Seek diverse perspectives & audiences. Take action.
ha do tell
Its been a while since i've seen some Twitter After Dark shit on my tl...hmm..
Isn't that what #prince and Lisa played?
play san antonio pleasee! I know you're playing warped but it jus isn't enough ;)
That's amazing! So proud of you, big. Missed you earlier tonight at the alumnae dinner :)
tough choice! Let us know what you decide.
That was a dumb final possession.
I love Danger Prone Daphne a.k.a
YOU GOT THE BEST OF ME! WHOAA OHH CANT YA SEE??!!! YOU GOT THE BEST OF ME!!! OH CAN'T YA SEE ??!! YOU'RE BRINGIN ON THE HEARTBREEAAAKK
Don't forget to join us in Cloverdale for the Friday night concert and the wonderful farmers market.
Ugh , dude hurt my arm !
What is significance of the failure by #Apple to disclose its installation of #Carrier #IQ on iDevices? The 10b-5 of IP?
Do you ever stop near the ball park?!
Let's go #Kansas. Rock Chalk Comeback.
In my internet country, WLNIA, too.
All I ask is that you don't forget me.
Live coverage from Pebble Beach today on the Golf Channel. Bill Murray is dressed like an 85 year old, but still awesome :)
Thinking about you .. you have been in my thoughts and prayers... hope G is doing better...
Everywhere I Go (Album Version (Explicit)) via
-- its a border rivalry.
Just found "Wisconsin Foodie" on Channel 21
Birthday was pretty beast
Oh VoiceOver, Ily. Nothing like waking up and recording weird, creative voices bringing characters to life! My neighbors probably hate me.
My usual is six! See you tonight at SMCJax?!
Much Love!!! It's just gettn started.. Got an show n Miami next week!
my shittt there
"It is precisely when we have suffered defeat that we can determine to win and open the path to future victory." ~D. Ikeda (via )
Jessica Sanchez you 16 year old beast. I am jealous of your being.
As I watch TWC #Irene coverage, my inner Floridian wants to buy canned goods, fill tub w water, bring in patio chairs, tape up windows
There are TONS of ways 2 battle ur Quarterlife Crisis! Check out the 4 girls blogging how @ stratejoy.com 4 some inspiration!!
...and will keep that one in mind for next time!
Instead of started the next deeper mixtape since I already finished "Butterfly Effect" ima make an album only of diss tracks lol.
Don't hate North Carolina for Amendment One. Love them. Hate got us into this mess. Love is the better path always.
lol that was funny:p
:) Thank you!! I will always have lots of love!! Cc
Get too close and you can be burned.
I need some advice from you :S
Thinking bout heading to Real Chili to grab a 1 & 1/2 for the morning when I watch The Price is Right.
What a great start to my first #packers game!
hey i gotta go you should text me 804.901.0669
I Need a Chick That SING R&B/POP.. Gotta Get This Roster Up…
I said "professional".
RT : Excellent info. I've been told about warm downs but no one has ever emphasized it or explained how to do it
yup I'm going!
Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day. Teach him how to fish, and he will sit in a boat and drink beer all day.
And purses. Buy purses RT Key to marriage : be a best friend, tell the truth and overuse "I love you" & you crazy kids will make it
Happy New Years all! 2012 is gonna rock! It has already started off great! I have two auditions and a new job:)
lol well I ended buying the disc sets til I caught up and now I if I miss an episode I watch it on the net, but I understand u ;)
ok so tell me the situation that made you tweet that then since you said you would tell me
Oliver Samuels is no doubt the most humorous Jamaican comedian there is. Once you see him perform you're guaranteed loads of laughter
Don't feel bad ! CNN apparently doesn't fact check their news sources either!
tofu and spicy lo mein YES!
;0) nice print!
MAYBE ;P
Thanks for the follow!
I need a place for 15 ppl to eat in green bay. Thoughts?
This bitch is treading on thin ice.
nevermind. i got it*(: it was in the spam. haha(:
Duke knocks down both free throws, they lead Michigan 73-65.
2 spots left! RT : Just signed up for storytelling classes Your Twitter feed is about to get a whole lot sexier.
we don't have plans yet. Probably breakfast somewhere special. :)
another round
An owner of a wastewater treatment facilities was sentenced in to 21 months in prison and a $310,000 fine for violating the Clean Water Act
Even my mom wants to see me at the bottom nigga
Bush already had agreement in place with parties ageed on withdrawal date of 12/31/11. Could extend if agreeable.
VSP say gunman at VT was NOT a student, will release identity after family notification
Selby welcome to Kansas basketball!
Final countdown to our upstairs patio opening catch the #Corona after party at 7pm and start your summer off right!
RT : Less than 2 hours until the 24 hour Tip-Off Marathon begins
What a great overall. Sold at Venus pool during day and sold out night at lax!
Who is the one leader you would place on your personal Mount Rushmore of Leaders?
whenever a teacher asks for volunteers in class I'm going to end up yelling "I VOLUNTEER AS TRIBUTE!" #hungergames is eating my life.
yea we'll see about that
HB1136 has been called down on 2nd reading. Amendments are being heard.
Whenever Im Up Late Im Probably Brainstorming..
Wow, today's just been bullshit. One thing after another.
Just a week left until the launch of the RepeatReceipt App. Just in time for
Thank you!! I'm glad you like them.. Keep watchin :)
I sound so high right now :p while...singing that..never ending song with Gloria (:
Yo! Would you ever be interested in being on The Voice?
where are you moving to?! (:
Everybody please come to the game tonight we need to win so we can host sub-state!
When I was young, wilding was drinking a butt load of mt dew and jumping off swings.
When you mention #818 music...I better be on that list...
Man that was a hell of a show! Got 2 see walk by us! Daughter says she looks like female prince! :)
- cantt ever complain!.. Everything bless on ur side?
Whole wheat pasta with fresh farmers market veggies and garlic dill chevre from the goat guy. Yeah.
I have been dubbed white chocolate. Because I'm white. And hope to stay that way. Hahah
I am officially tired.
yeah I just feel D'ing W da stahs has more soul ... Per se
your just stupid! and first of all im not scared to show my real me!
Can't sleep without laying in your arms.
50 Cent Wings All Night!!!! $2.50 Coors light Pints ALL NIGHT!!!! Come Watch All the Games & Take advantage of Joe's Sunday Stimulus plan!
tonight, we are young, so let's set the world on fire
I think I started drooling while listening to Elvis sing. Good thing I wasn't around when he was alive, he'd be a goner!
i keep it G!
I knw bt it gets annoying. Nd then some guys wanna get mad bc I dnt want to tlk to them. Like cant I jst mind my business plz
I seriously LOVE Kit-Kats..........unless I'm with four or more people.
Tonight- Taboo Dead Sexy Halloween Party and Fashion Show w/ Octaine Saints, Four 50 Four and Black Girls- Doors
Buckets and the red wings
yeah, that was some crazy stuff #eminem &
Thank you! Our Sunday morning routine is centered around CTG... and TPWD. Makes us inspired to go outside!
Hey EVERYBODY !!!!!!
"What audience are we catering to?" said "The universe"
Who watched the new The Walking Dead premier tonight?
"I'm for the gays and I don't wear brown" my mom imitating
Stoked to see the new singer!
I'm not gonna get any sleep today
Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone!!!!
Good night twitter --
:) just ate dinner. A huge steak. Nothing else. And that's what my paleo parents ate most nights too. Later, a few almonds...
A great leader...makes greater leaders..
In the neighbor's yard there was a fruit tree that exploded into beautiful pink blossoms every spring. They're cutting it down today.
Mobility = Having access to applications whenever, and from wherever it makes sense.
Hey follow me please i would be happy
follow me back? :)
Re-certification for Servsafe is $180?!?!?!
didnt get to go to the gym today >.> blarrgghhh
That is so funny! I hope she does not become a housewife either!
LACE The Fuxk Up PR Here We Come!!!
The Kingdom of God is within man.
happy half birthday!!
Q. What's the difference between tampons and cowboy hats? A. Cowboy hats are for ass holes.
Seriously.. Waking up to my neighbors screaming for the third day in a row 😒
this dude funny af' bro .
Am i really about to study tonight? Oh the things i do for my education
1st time in 10+ years I didn't do a bracket and glad after seeing these games today
I should have put it in quotes! sorry!
The house is a disaster, but we have Ella Fitzgerald in rotation. So bring on the guests.
Seriously? That ticks me off. I don't know you as a prof but your visibility alone is worth a whole lot.
I don't think it's normal to get this excited about ribbons.
was it honey boo boo child!?!?!
Looks good! Thanks for the support good brother! 06!
I do wanna be loved though D: lmao
Follow me if u r cool, fucken cheesy...
Donations are still being tallied, but it looks like we are close to meeting our $15,000 goal for !
Went for a supply run in anticipation of weekend guests. Came back with just liquor, beer and cheese.
Baby Hayes is Aka buck boy.
Tueday Tips, GO! Come and get a Box of Tips, Large Fry, and 2 liter of Soda for $13.99. Call 414-372-7666 for Delivery or Carryout
i hate change.
ugh I don't know
Tnx 4 the #QUOTE "If you don't create the life you want, who will." I needed to hear that right now.
Thank goodness for Labor Day, even though I'm working. Still feels like a day off. Yippee!
Lifetime has crazy movies but they're catchy!
the first day of junior yr was so hectic since they all made mistakes on our schedules....felt like freshman yr all ova again! :l
Obama said something that everyone knew anyway. Hooray.
I guess I can wait one more week...
I was at the concert when Justin had a laughing attack. ~flips hair.
Depends on what your concept of reality is.
Lol! Back when gave me a Shoutout. It was so funny to not forget. "Shoutout to...Ery?" She even pronounced it right. Lol 😁
remember i said you was pretty...
The first human being who hurled an insult instead of a stone was the founder of civilization. - Sigmund Freud
With each passing day I careen closer to the grave. TOP DOWN, TUNES UP!!!
This Dunkin Donuts is showing Dragon Ball Z.
Man, it's cool. I hope you have a better sleep than I do.
Thank you so much!!
Analogy: Does an administrator at a Catholic hospital have to be a Catholic, or can he just be a good hospital administrator?
On The Border Catering can hook up any event with amazing, mouth-watering Mexican Food. For details, call 1-888-682-2287
BTW...best place for a hot pierogi is Grandma Helen's Kitchen on Broadview in Parma :)
I don't know the key to success but I know the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
dueces by chris brown
Visit our website www.rocktagonmma.com for all the up to date news from anound the MMA world
Smdh, some people just don't understand.
You change your mind, like a girl changes clothes. & you, be a mess, like a bitch, I would know.
We are located on Monona Dr. & Cottage Grove Rd - stop in sometime!
If I knew I was going to be in a video, I would have worn my best flanel. :) #CountryRoots #Wrangler Damn straight.
Abby's going on a trip to Great Britain next year!
I work in the entertainment industry. I don't hobby in the entertainment industry. If you need the diff explained, you don't work in it.
come to boston, the both of you.
maybe look through a magazine for inspiration or post some favorite etsy finds?
God bless you. We will always stand with you.
#NDSA heard at / NDSA partners mtg, digital preservation is a lifestyle
DDing tonight and getting paid.
following the Gogol didn't help
Have a great show! You killed it last night!
Yeay Howard Henley - my brutha without an "S"!!
This world is getting crazier every day. "Are you more amazed at how things change, or how they stay the same?" ~Cheryl Wheeler
"Truth is beautiful, without doubt; but so are lies."- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Good luck to you guys!
Little boy blue and the man on the moon
lol yes. I have always loved food.
yeah, but isn't the Canadian cupcake exchange rate pretty ridiculous?
how u been
Got tweet-raped by last night....but is it rape if I liked it? Hm......
(Alexander Pope) Some people will never learn anything, for this reason, because they understand everything too soon.
So Freaking Sleepy -_-
Yeah, he knew that LeShoure was hurt, but I don't he realized he was on IR. And he didn't know about Williams. Sad.
Friday* (x aha, still!!!! I better see you chunty !
21 Jump Street
Have a good night everybody!! #good vibes
That's precisely how I address my students.
Take-out Thai was a success, it by success I mean bloated mess. However, the screening of Pulp Fiction went swimmingly. #blueberrypancakes #
packing to stay in new york
I shelve in my library! I find it relaxing, and I like shelf-reading to make sure everything's in place.
Try not laughing, but when you think somethings funny say "Hah hah" without laughing.
Maybe some of these receivers from the crowd have a year or two of eligibility left ...
Lunch at Beans & Barley then catching The Descendants at the #Oriental. I love Sundays.
Your history doesn't determine your destiny!
H has been complaining her mouth has been itchy for the last 2weeks. Every day. W/ or w/o eating. Debating enviro allergy testing
Rough week.
Very awesome! :o) I think writing music is amazing...I have a new found passion for it after this experience.
Wanna judge this year's contest? We'll have a limited # of FC/FS judge seats for sale. Email/DM to get on the pre-sale list!
Taking advice on love and how to make it.
I'm kicking the shit out of this day off from work. I'm going to the DMV.
only the best
morning twitter people!!! ;D
Delayed at airport on way to Vegas half these ppl look familiar, #ASA2011 sociologists-r-us
Bag full of chips, we ain't talkin Ruffles 😏
Allergy treatments continued - Neti pots, saline eye washes, hypo-allergenic soap and detergent
That happy moment when you find your I.d. :D
Oh these girls?? They must be supermodels!! What are you modeling?? gloves??
thanx man, dvd out in two weeks and more insanity soon, lucas
Flickr allows you to share really large size pics though.
Bout to see horrible bosses.... Charlie Day do me proud
I am a female musician myself!
Bonus! The Marin IJ didn't use that press photo you hate! (I like the one they used, btw).
I am loving this weather!
One day a person loves you, next day u and that person are enemies.
what time do you want to leave? I don't know whether to text you because I don't know if it will come?
Seattle or Denver!
#sschat newbie teachers have experience enough bad teaching 2 know who they don't want 2 be
Who has their wrist band for tryouts tomorrow????
what the hell
Not only is it Veteran's Day, but in 1865 the first female army surgeon , Mary E. Walker was awarded a Medal of Honor.
A friend is a present you give yourself
Good decision. RT If you say "move the team", i'll hang up on you"
have a safe trip and have fun :)))!!!!
you forgot to say don"t lie now you will never know the truth
Damn might leave #NYK he better not hes cold and he's my favorite player on my favorite team the duo JR and Melo!
REPORT: Some people still say "I'm not trippin'."
So this morning clowned me at the golf course on live TV. I need redemption. What should be our next competition?
Ive gotten soo many lectures about how much time I have to not pop out babies & how I'm so young....uh thhanksss
Opposition testimony to HB 1228 mainly focused on generalities not on actual opposition to bill language.
Storms coming thunder & lightening.....
Once you go iPhone you can't go back
DwellStudio Organic Crib Set, Poppy Guide | Baby Bedding ...
Yea only keg. Didn't make much. Going thru fast. I'm going to try to bring some by later in week for you and Monda.
I Hate Myself When I Start Crying In Front Of Someone :/ [♥]
“: I tell it like it is if you don't like it I'm sorry ...”
Nevermind. I was looking at a streetlight, not the moon. It's a really cool streetlight though.
Happy Valentine's Day! It's buy 1 get 1 drinks after 4pm today! Bring your sweetheart on over to SCC-GA & treat them!
love wine and cheese :)
I fear you might be right...
Thank god for my iPhone
Thanks for following!!
The hummers flying & now nesting in the yard make me so happy. Glad I can share the fun with others who also enjoy it.
watching jc caylen's youtube videos<3 How about you?(:
playing a sick Radiohead cover!!!
"Everything considered, a determined soul will always manage." -Albert Camus, The Myth of Sisyphus
three way with lol
. Great, thanks. COLLABORATE OR PERISH! was great fun to write. Hope you enjoy the read. Please let me know wht you think!
Imma take Steelers lanyard and put his keys on my #ArmyStrong lanyard when he's asleep! 😁
How many folks will be up till midnight waiting for Diablo 3 to come out.
That's the best kind of day. :)
Fricking outrageous I have to fill out a Captcha to unsubscribe from an email list I never signed up for in the first place.
It is Monday and it is looking like an amazing week.
The #Green #Experts Academy team is getting primed for our next awesome seminar+workshop #SanDiego! Save the date June 28 2012.
nice watch
RT : Loving you is the most genuine thing I did and the biggest mistake I committed."
#ThingsThatUsed2BeCool Knowing WHAT you're protesting for...
Wonderful idea!
“We make a living by what we get, we make a life by what we give. " #quote Winston Churchill - Happy Mother's Day
#jets! USC will just use and Joe's super bowl ring as our bowl alternative
Branding yourself.... Have a cool name! And let your freak flag fly
Be grateful for luck. Pay the thunder no mind - listen to the birds. And don't hate nobody. Eubie Blake
Brand NEW to Twitter!! Welcome ThomasTrading!!! Follow me!!!!
yes they are
The avengers was the best movie iv ever seen!!
This ones for all the people I've met in my life. I wish you all prosperity and good fortune.
You know its true!
MUNI inspectors checking transfers and valid fares all along Market right now. My bus got hit twice!
Yes Exotica will be the spot tonight!
lies, I try to be
You got your boys bitch ! ": Gonna be lonely the next couple of days:'("
While watching James bond I've learned one thing...don't miss while shooting on a plane or u will be blown away.
Fun! RT : Tweet Up w/ 11/23 from 5-6 p.m. say Magazine and get a free pickle back.
just been working a lot so I can get this big screen and so I can go to New York for Thanksgiving how are you doing sweetness?
the other white meat?
Go Fallow He's Awesome ! [:
Don't even know who you are anymore
You type like a two fingered redneck. Very fitting that you hate education. RT REISGN: calls for holder's resignation growing
Unique experiences offered at #MamasDay2012 Super Silent Auction: Private Coastline Flight, New York Theatre Package and more!
Driving out of In N Out Redwood City.
At least Woodward & Bernstein got Felt to go on background. You won't even name the teams your sources are on.
Niall's mom, , just RTed me. Holly coww. I'm dead. <3
#Inspiration4theWay “I pray because I cant help myself..because Im helpless....It doesnt change God- it changes me.- C.S. Lewis
And that's why I love you.
I bet Mohammad Ali vs Michael J Fox would be the most intense game of Operation ever.
We still have unfinished business.
is it ten pm yet?
Is that suppose to me you are in Detroit...???
remember those boys on the stairs? yeah, i miss them too.
I hate staying up late. :/
Omg 4 minutes!!!
welcome- we love new members!RT : Joined the yesterday!
I've never felt such loyalty to a TV show before. Let's go !
very true! Wouldn't anyone to have too much work but none is bad as well!
funny, we just walked by hotel deville. Cc
U can tweet or call 9737334311 for any non-emergency City service. U can call Code Enforce direct at 9737333706.
Thank you!
My son just sang: "Mary had a little duck, E-I-E-I..." He has just merged two songs.
It's May 1st and temps are heading back into the 70's! Bring on that summer weather!
I need to make my pizza crust. Don't wanna.
Thanks for the
All repairs completed
Looking forward to the new year! We will be launching one of the greatest churches that this area has ever seen. Hope Ya'll ready!!
I'm doin pretty good can't complain how bout urself?
Reimold and Hardy ground out, Markakis lines out to left. Nova makes quick work of the #Orioles. #Yankees up 1-0
May need to see Rango now. Best animated film.
I the cabs that look like police cars....
Rudy #22 on the memphis Grizz team , ☺☺☺ . Good game even tho yall Lost!
#follow me for a
i feel invisible):
This is by far the fastest a NFL draft has ever gone since I've been watching the draft.
Thanks - we were alerted to the error and everything is resolved now.
I think if the Heat don't win this year I'm going to cry for LeBron.
Amusingly, to tweet the Chronicle article about protecting your twitter account, you had to give permission to an app.
Very fair and important distinction, but still an unethical use of authority/influence for sexual purposes.
Isnt the flu just so fun.!?!?!
I just dropped my phone in a pile of Ketchup, god damn tatertots
Steve Blake straight BALLIN.
#SustUnbound is motivation for action INSTRUMENTAL (ie, you expect they result in a good outcome) or resultant impact on self & others?
Opponents are also hitting .288 against the entire Milwaukee pitching staff...filled with good athletes
I don't know much about football, but at some point you have to PLAY TO WIN THE GAME! Throw the ball!!!
should Awards a grant of $2000 to help small business owners develop businesses. We need help to hire people
Why must the enjoyable people be the ones not available to enjoy?
Has your patio been bombed by birds? Time to power wash your patio back to pre war conditions? vegaspressurewashing.com
Oh. If it doesn't involve volleyballs in pools, or salt shakers launched 200miles/hr at a wall...I don't remember it
you are welcome!
But the one student sleeping in the front row didn't need his laptop to help him not pay attention!
I love college football.
Ah, we hate you :) Album coming your way very soon!
Fucking pissed that's all I have to say
He makes me smile :) <3
Per SO on scanner, rolled-over semi wb 119 at Jay Rd. No injuries.
We USED to like PFChangs but the one on RT1 #Princeton now tastes like FASTFOOD! What Gives?
City of Chicago has put out to bid its human services contracts at the same time. Some providers hve told me they fear for their survival.
I can remember being wasted, 1 row up from the warm up circle screaming "GEORGE, GEORGE!!!" he wasn't too pleased.
No way!! Z - you were killing it Tuesday!! Maybe 'cross bikes on table tops isn't such a good idea.
u r a fail
#ChuckNorris sleeps until he tells the sun to get up.
Took two core reference classes at Central today. Ask me anything about Health Resources or Children's Reference Materials.
Sorry to miss #nptalk today, looks like you guys had some interesting ideas!
we just sang happy birthday to you& you didn't wake up lol love you pretty girl :) hope you have a great day 😊
IKR btw I actually had a thought about u in biology today
I used to have a pet hedgehog and it was terrible!
The creative challenges will be greater than most people ever get to see in a lifetime
UKC PR' GIDDIMS' DAPHANIE has gone home with her new Family :)
I believe God moves the most powerfully when nothing else matters in our lives but Jesus.
I kid you not - "Nourishment is now being served in the break room."
awesome bc its checked out here :) RT : i'll loan it to you - i've got it at home!
Thanks for the follow! I love the name so I'll follow you too :)
You rock. We love ya back! RT : listening to we were the kids. showing some love <3
Great win tonight(:
Happy 2012! Thank you and right back at you. Hugs. <3
Can't wait to work out with and in the morning. Y'all betta be ready its bout to go down!
Thanks! I enjoyed leading the session. Terrific teachers!
In other news Blago in prison.... Any give a shit? please stopping littering on my tv please
Not building software at the moment; wrastlin' with Ubuntu's Unity Launcher and probably having more fun than you! :p
RT The difference between conversation and talk is in conversation, you actually listen. <So true!
Welcome aboard and big fat Twitter kisses to , , ,
Yeah!! Recording tomorro, its gonna be sweet
he was in the hospital and they gave him days do live so we waiting on the call and we comming
similar problem in Nevada and Reno - people are afraid to rock the boat even for constructive criticsm and improvement
that feeling i get when you talk about her <<<<< 
Can't wait! RT : Happy March! Glad to be one month closer to Reunions 2013. We've got something up our sleeves for this...
Ah. I just moved, but I'm registered where I used to vote. Can I re-register on election day?
So glad to have USSA! MT : DC bound with the staff. Amazing conference, excited about this new direction.
Drizzy Drake --over my dead body ←←I♥ THAT SONG♪
If you think positive you will enjoy life so much more.
oh ok, I still got the fever though...
Kung Fu looks so awesome on camera!
Thank you so much for including us today. The speaker was awesome. So was the lunch!
GoodNight Bitches ! And One Last Happy Mothers Day " Mothers " .
Need an escape to #Boston? We have packages to accommodate any of your needs! :) 800.225.2008
Yes, I know it is a gorgeous day in Dallas. Already spent several hours outside with kids at the park, riding bikes. Great start to today!
Dark chocolate lovers can try Mo’s Dark Bacon Bar which uses 62% dark chocolate than milk chocolate
I woke up in a very good mood!!! :)
lol i neevr talk to you!
what every happened with that track u wanted me to do
Anyone else disappointed that #Apple didn't announce plans to buy a continent with their $100b in cash? Stock buybacks, so 2000's.
go girls!
I don't take anything you say seriously either. I hope yalll know dattttttt.
been a long time checking but i appreciate the people keeping up with it. much love and god bless
We can't wait to serve you up our famous BBQ! Thanks for the Recommendation!
So my cousin just graduated from college or whatever she was in and is pregnant for the second time. Woho.
Cruz is saving the acrobatic catches for the SB against the
The 1st duty of a leader is to define actuality. The last is to say thank you. In between, the leader is a servant.
RT : If homosexuality is a disease, let's all call in queer to work... "Hello can't work today, still queer."
of course its excitement its energy its live its crazy but wheres the talent again? dont u sing suabeenz? maybe u should yell lol
I think some academics think good cv design looks "non-academic" or "too business-y".
AUSTIN! I MISSED IT! )':
hello world
Hope Tim O'Rourke enjoys the tour
I love Google Voice when it works, but I love it even more when the transcriptions hilariously don't work. cc:
Congrats #Dodge! All that hype you've created and the new #SRTViper looks exactly like the old
The Giver by Lois Lowry: Play nice or die & don't ask too many questions.
But tht trip only made it harder for me and you...
It'll be cool to have a 3D tv in the class. Great for Science. Kids can look at 3D molecules etc.#LBSC 642
Kite? Lol You coming Friday?!?RT : Higher Than A Motherfucker !
Yes sir. Did you get them?
yess? :) I don't really look at my @ so I just noticed this :D
There's always a positive and negative but let the positive overcome the negative :D
RT : “You don't have to do it first, you just have to do it right.” -
you are right about THAT!
Good work! We appreciate you.
Thanks to and for allowing me to perform Saturday! It was a great fundraiser!
"Digital literacy" is just "learning" in the 21st century
I'm going Jarret Bush as a DB. Played huge in SB run. Nothing before or since
can't make excuses for everybody though...
I ain't even made that they hating on Lebron! F*** it! Join the damn club!
#YOLO doesn't mean stop, and go out and do sum dirty shyt. Some people got it all fucked up.
Fashion show starts at 8 mhmmmm
has been dreaming about skating.
Just found out that produced Rob Base & Dj E-Z Rock "It takes Two"
RT : Weiner should Charlie Sheen his way out of this.
hahaha so sensitive im joking but w.e.
You can talk about me, cus im a hot topic
Coconut popsicles are the key to my heart
The strike first, 1-0! Way to go Bickell.
Good morning! If you're in the Vegas area, how did your dogs do with the thunder and lightning last night?
Decided it would best to keep copyright in bk for now in case we want to do more editions. Will propose a more permissive copyright notice.
We must accept finite disappointment, but we must never lose infinite hope
Which team (and why) will win on Sunday??? Post your opinion for a chance to win tickets to our all you can eat & drink special on Sunday!
You annoying fuckers ! Shut the fuck up before i kick you in your damn throats
lets make this day count, for all u ReVestors out there put in some offers.... Don't let fear stop you!
On the phone wit SOS!!!!! Can't fall asleep
i think of my life as a comedy....
RT : I kind of love a joyous tribute more than moments of silence. RIP Earl.
Laying down guitar tracks. Guitar center tomorrow. Gimme a song to cover
This Thursday is ACM night at ! Check out Chateau, Tree Piece and 10pm 21+ $3 at the door.
In love with this pic really hot!
Some people just don't open up then say you or I. Don't know why that is, but it happens with some.
That's why I never backed the song up or had in my online catalog. How you gone burn a bridge with a free beat? Haha
im gonna finish this shit tonight.
hey fam you got time to meet up with me, chop it up on this music
"It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see ~ Henry David Thoreau " -- Paulo Latina ()
4 reminders / day to use your camera: the big smile. A really big smile is a lot of work unless its a candid big smile. Get to work!
Reading the The Three Marriages by David Whyte, awesome book on life, work and relationships to self and others. Beautifully written, very …
Awfully quiet day...
great to see all of you in !
#Raw is missing his balls
Tomorrow is the big day. We're super excited so many of you are coming. It's looking like a great day! See you at
Yep. No more dsm.
So pumped about using all this knowledge I'm gaining at #C21GC!!!! Thanks for putting together such a great conference.
Going to walk the dog then take her to the vet
The day I stop giving is the day I stop receiving. The day I stop learning is the day I stop growing.
": Wow my buddy wasn't here today -_-"
Give us a call for any summer cleaning you may need!!
Yal would rather be "cool" and rather party then be successful
what about Isabella?
Luv #TheVoice previews! RT : She's a very pretty woman, she just looks like a tranny clown 2 often with all the makeup.
Can anyone explain what Peterson brings to #SKC coming on for Convey when he did? Vermes' subs still confuse me most times.
how do you feel about monkeys?
The MT! family is slowly waking up this morning. First day of the #endoftheworldrap-tour. Looking at you Lawton, OK!
": Stern on flopping,: "I think it’s time to look at it in more serious way, because it’s only designed to fool the referee" Amen.
Interesting note implied that the OH school shooting wasn't a bullying issue. I wish someone would get their facts straight!
You know I'm no good at court-ordered goodbyes!
Feeling for the Boston Marathon runners. This sun and heat could be brutal today.
Remake?! You can't improve on perfection.
- page not found
NBC Best Friends Forever= beyond painful. Props 4 taking risk but Writing & acting your own stuff, not always best idea
NYR with another power play..
RT : Wonder how much rewrite obama indoctrination speech 2 kids underwent be4 they posted today because of fuss we kicked up
Wow. He had enough of Ovechkin, or Semin, or what? Bye Dale, we hardly knew ye
ME TOO!!! as soon as i finish working out and change! see you tonight
Thanks John! We did have a lot of fun. The cupcakes you made were delicious!
We would get breakfast where every cute baby in Cville is.
HELLO CODY :) can you follow me back? ♥ 143 #allday love YOU :) i'll be really HAPPY! <3
another one for my "not on a first date" food list :/
Wow. Tweeting on the iPhone is so much nicer. :-)
Looking forward to interviewing at today! Send us any last minute questions you might have! :) #WeLoveEntrepreneurs :)
Thanks for the mention!
that's just mean, sir...
#CSP is heading down to the Lora Reynolds Gallery to speak with Out of Place curator Noah Simblist. Hooray for #art filled Fridays!
sat after at 9am?
I need to focus on myself .
Thankfully my brother kept his playstation 2 #ps2 I am being able to enjoy #final #fantasy #ff10 as well :D
After nearly 40 years as a driving force in radio, Cox Media Group Miami VP Market Mgr Jerry Rushin announced plans to retire in July
no it just made no difference. Neither can throw for shit.
i haven't been on here for a while.
Who deserves turds, who deserves blossoms? You've got three of each. Go!
It's 4:50 in the morning, I have to pee, and there's a bazillion-legged gynormous bug on my floor blocking the door. Help. Me.
often forgotten part about #interviewing, especially for #startups - are we really vetting people the right way & quickly enough?
Rizzle Kicks on celebrity juice. Ahh
Chillin at the crib workin on some new shit for the album
That is low
#gcyale : For domestic sites, China has jurisdiction over private intermediaries and censors through them.
Decided to take today as recovery after a decent session with the ever improving ! Watch out mma scene gbelite is comin for you!
the name shall not be mentioned remember >_< lol
oh kool. What yr r u n?
enjoying their free food
Hungover on sunday but want to get your hair done? Come to SBS and have a bloody mary while gettin your mop done. (773) 252 - 9522
Filling out 1-800-casting site in conjunction w/Talented Actors in America. Time tells many tales! Not much of a tweeter, guys! Sorry! xo
burned 568 calories doing 40 minutes of "Aerobics, step, with 6-8 inch step"
I Will Later Bro!(:
are u going wed?!
The pooper scooper just got a workout. And it broke. Exactly how much dog poop equals a "shit ton"?
A #HealthySmile tip from Kravitz Dental: Get your kids started with proper oral hygiene early! It may save their smiles as adults.
I just said that to my wife! SMDH! RT : I know a few dick riders jus like suzie
I feel like I got hit by the #schmedia bus. Need a vacation! Did see latest Harry Potter last night, though. Stayed awake throughout!
Here's to the directioners who cried watching the More Than This video.
yeah this guy had no emotion but he hit the nail on the head
Hate bitches
sitting in a class
I'm sorry I'm tired. & stop being ghetto like Nina & write in caps.
The show that B Shels was going to perform at tmrw is cancelled due to issues with the club.
plus she have a bf so I stopped
: My best friend is the one who will always walk by my side, make me laugh, hear my stupid problems and still give me an advice.
junior fear the beard!
Tables are all sold out for the Mystique Masquerade Ball.
did you watch the last Mad Men? What did you think of Dawn? And Peggy's interaction with her?
oh YOU fancy huh?! lol
Nowhere, unfortunately...just picking up.
Laika was the first doggie to travel to space.
I'm gonna kiss you 
I don't what u r on here for but SMG is bout to set it off www.whoistrillogy.com
Rain in Barbados...
You are entirely correct, it WOULD be fun to watch...months of cackling LOL :)
Yeah, will be the same thing next year
#Dubstep sounds like two computers talking shit to each other.
oh yea! Lol.I kinda wanna work this year.
Tigers on at 6! And Opening Day in a week!
hahaha omg i hate life omg i hate my legs ok bye
LOVE PRINCETON FOREVA
dude I wish D:
Why would you want to be lame .
I love hearing rumors because they tell me things about myself I didn't know before.
4 Days away!!!! Its almost Here The Most talked about Event 2 hit Detroit in a Long Time Blezz Red Carpet Release Party Mandees Downtwn det!
I am still angry fourteen years later that my generation allowed "Pretty Fly (for a White Guy)" to happen
I saw you walking like two days ago I was going to say hi but you seemed deep in convo.
hooray, you know about it! had to spread the dyac gospel, just in case you didn't. *G*
Superb-- where the excellent people live. ;-)
bored =p had a pretty good day, pc4pc???
Stepping in now to the Colorado Springs Chamber (and EDC!) lunch. Topic: "Chaos, Catfights & Confusion in DC."
are we getting our #karaoke on?
Who are the digital humanists?
I know tons of people and girls that are gonna watch Avengers and have no clue or nor have they read a single comic book
#CanIBeHonestWithYou orange is NOT an attractive skin color and neither is the barbie look. Try a healthy size 5 while you're at it not a 0.
Going to collect my 30+ wii fit tokens for the day :)
Well we know they ain't with him for his looks! He's gross
looking forward to Bachelorette and DWTS tonight with the girls!!!
Stuck throttle or brake failure at 190 mph
Mangia will be open New Years Eve and New Years Day 12 - 9!!!
That veronica vaughn is one hot piece of ace...I would know from experience dude.
So sad the season for BGC is pretty much over. It was so good this time!!
Cool to see you chasing your dream, Annie -- and it looks like it's working out for you too! Yea, MiamiU.
DO U RENT THE BIKES?
Watching Super 8 with my family
how would you react if you got a text message from me right now?
anyone who is exhausted and still bustin ass...boo-ya!
I use to b a LeBron fan, but dat Nigga is a bitch
jus copped a loud pac/its louder than its ever been/and i got that ellen sniff so cum and get degeneres
the only thing as patriotic as the old red, white, and blue is green and gray and black and brown and tan all over too.
Finished work early, having dinner with Jana and then going to the RC3 softball practice tonight. Not a bad Tuesday yall.
I'm so late for work shit this sucks
Thks for saying hi!! I think would be interested to know this. She is working in our HR using social media.
What a great weekend! How did you celebrate Mother's Day?
I'm trying to join D'vision.
Permanent Chinese finger trap.
Oh hey look. is a #FenkartFan! Thanks Denise - The B Side. RT : loved your CD...thank you!!
I have a renewed appreciation for my normally rigid schedule. It makes getting work done so much easier.
#TwitterThursdays starting April 12th!!! Endless Music!!!
Anyone taking part in Bank Transfer Day Nov. 5th? Pls let me know
What you gone steal a martini?
H.P.Chomley (1912): The quack of the Middle Ages was in every way similar to his brother of the present day...
Here I am twitterheads! The man behind the man. #WINNING! . good evening! whatcha up to?
Thx for the #FF! I appreciate your Gr8 shoutouts & tips for better #results in #business &
Teachers put more effort into a book tthan the author does.
Local Seattle band MayWeather has released new music on their Facebook page. Go "Like" them!
It was so worth staying up to see 's surprise. Can't believe he is going to have his 1st single :) Please follow me Austin
First and now ? What the heck do we have to do to have quality shows w/women?
if I had a dishwasher, it would completely solve my dishes issue.
wow ok thanks for that
Smart man --->>RT : Pizza Hut is TERRIBLE! I'm a pizza guy! RT What a fresh morning in
On soon: "Bobby Keough and the Kingdom of the Super Mega Awesome Radio Show" from 2-3!!
Happy Birthday to us! 4/11, best day of the year.
I love a good thunder and lightning storm. #GoodVsEvil having a slight argument
Giving opens the way to receiving.
BOY do you look uptight.
I think he fell asleep on me before he could even call me back :/ i guess basketball has really been killing him this week love you babe!
#GoingRed with delicious peppered bacon wrapped cod with sauteed spinach made by my wonderful husband! #Yum I love the #weekend!
Cleaning house for inspection. I'm so happy!
party got busted and and i literally had to out run the cops.
the truth is relative when it comes to judging music ... I Everyone has their own opinions
I'm like NASA, I can't do anything
Just got my swag in the mail. Thanks !
I'm visiting tonight to catch up with a former coworker! So excited to see her on the West coast.
people smoke weed to get high i smoke weed to feel normal
first time hearing #WhatMakesYouBeautiful on the radio, I couldn't resist jumping around my room
Worst things to talk about in a commercial callback 1.Your acting career 2. The product you just worked for (represent), even non-conflict!
Do you think the person at ESPN deserved to get fired over the Jeremy Lin headline? I didn't read it that way until all the uproar.
A LIVE show was just what Thursday needed ... spectacular! Great jump start 2the weekend!
Why does every restaurant close on Monday night? You'd think one or two would stay open and own the market?
i love bonnie and clyde!
#EBUS118 uses social media to reach out to its consumers - took this #EBUS118 class last year
Newsletter: The Appeal of Adjustable Rates – Reported by The New York Times
Use the ones you have, and buy some bloggers lunch :)
Meeting w/ today to go over details of our new website-so excited to launch soon!
That's probably a good working theory.
What's the best piece of advice Mom ever gave you? Tweet us your answer for a Mother's Day story!
Is there going to be another season?
Are you interested to know about the new home developments in the Las Vegas area? Call 702-245-7227
Shout out to the other Justin Malizia in Louisana!!!
Great quote on Newt from : "He's an impressive guy but no one is more impressed with him than Gingrich himself"
My mama talking on this phone like she got all types of friends. Girl bye.
Sorry to hear that. Hope that's not the case. :(
dude u r the rapper of all time lightin the blizzunt enjoyin it thanks bro
yeah... look me up in google then we can chat there
As he should its his job to make sure they show up every game!
cousin's here :D
I am going with Memphis and Miami meeting in the Finals. What do you think? Does Chicago stand a chance without Rose.
Heart miles and miles of heart
Top 10 Beauty with a Purpose!! Ecuador, Ghana, India, Indonesia, Kenya, Philippines, Scotland, South Africa, Spain, Zimbabwe.
There is no such thing in anyone's life as an unimportant day ~ Alexander Woollcott
Should your witness answer to the camera during a video deposition? Answer: NEVER. It is not a TV interview and it looks ridiculous.
Thanks ! Man I'm getting old, everyone keeps sending me that article. ;) oh well, at least I'm thought of. All the best to you.
#NowPlaying "Brighton Beach" by
Happy Mothers Day,Colette! Your videos are so inspiring & I really look up to you! Have a nice mothers day!
I'm excited to graduate but sad because I'm friends with so many underclassmen. All the more reason to visit next year! :P
Only 2x places left for BIW basic user training event at Woking next Tuesday 12th. Interested? email:
smoke something!
How are my followers doing tonight? :D
I fucking hate crosby. If youre gonna be a dickhead drop the glove like man pussy.
song are so powerfull
Killing Joke Films: what a fun group of filmmakers you are. Hats off to you for coming out today in sub-freezing temperatures. Booyah!
Thank you! RT : Best wishes to the in the playoffs Friday!
you can tweet/Do anything you want
Good morning #Indy I see #sunshine, what a great start to the morning!
RT " Who is "RT" and why is he copying my tweets" It happened again!
Yo EVERYONE CHECK OUT MY YOUTUBE SERIES-FAST TIMES WITH MJR THEY ARE PRETY FUNNY AND I MAKE NEW ONES EVERYDAY SO ENJOY THEM
No matter what they do to you; rise and rise again and take your freedom.
Helps create a safe space. RT : We sure do love our cartographic metaphors in religious studies.
Neither am I. But ACADEMY AWARD WINNING...Now that has a nice ring to it!
Excited to start reading The No Excuses Rule by Really can't wait to meet him in Indy when I work !
The author take is subjective! RT : History subjective Facts "interpreted" for meaning, for lessons.
Spending my first night alone in my apartment and every noise and creak is making me wish I owned a can of mace...or a machete.
OMG. HAPPY BIRTHDAY :)
ha! So true - this place is huge
If I was in the Twin Cities this is where I'd be Friday>>>RT : Dj Advance BDay Celebration This Friday @ The Grand Hotel !!
Going to see Think like a man tonight.. Tickets already bought.. I'm geeked. Ain't been out in While..
I saw that, I wanted to be, but it's not MD here yet, ha RT : #shoutout to he told me Happy Mothers Day first :)
Do you sing?
Oh, $herdog (). Just read your post about Eminem and MTV over lunch at work. I could NOT stop giggling. :)
is tweeting and retweeting like crazy tonight
: ) Follow back please !
we aren't dating . but when I see you walking w/ someone else I just wanna punch them in the face
The only thing more pathetic than your lies...Is you. #ThingsIHate = Liars
Wear jeans everyday and nobody cares, wear the same shirt twice in a row and your suddenly homeless and poor in the eyes of everyone
No you arent
Informative panel re PLA compliance #bwctownhall including members of
You Vandal Fight For First Inside the Target Car Roswell Bridge of Lions THIS SATURDAY!
thanks for the shout out, not late at all :)
I already checked 25 times, but ... just one more time to make sure no passports are expired. Just checkin'.
Still wanting to be friends? Im cool with that... We were always best friends. Other emotions just got in the way. 😒
CHEERS#KAFECASTRO style 2 A+ Tweeps: If it's not over the top, it's not KC!
tell mama Tama I said happy mommy's day!
Congrats to the students and alums who ran the #FlyingPigMarathon today!
Having back as an OA would be just too cool.
Been dropping music nonstop
My sister choreographed an entire dance to that song when she was in 5th grade. I miss the bleached-out-fro-JT. RIP.
I'll just join a new league...
No. Not yet. But I will. I'd like to review your blogposts on the D Plane first.
“: That workout with and >>> #crazyabs” You whooped my tail!
Purdue crushed Illinois? By seven full points? Do my eyes deceive me?
Please tell me what song have you been singin' since '70? ... #tweeps When you post interesting facts ...I like to know
Niall is just as beautiful as the rest of the band! He is amazingly cute and seems like so a genuinely nice guy! Any girl would be lucky ..
well, it looks like we'll just have to shut down early today so the A&G crew can enjoy some !
Thanks for your kind words. I'll be sure to pass that along to our designers.
I'll be a millionaire . Don't worry bout me
I agree we need to involve Higher Ed in our culture of change. They r a bit old school
I'm looking for sponsors for the River City Rockin' Blues Festival.If you're interested in being a sponsor or just involved,let me know.
sorry about that! We're looking into it!
Glad you're a convert. Next time we'll roll into Jewel together.
Some super smart thoughts on probs of digital analogs from - pay attention
Which other authors do you like I love Roxanna Robinson,Louise Erdrich,Marilynne Robinson,Junot Diaz,Philip Roth, many more!
"Congratulations to our client ____ that just booked blah blah, for yada yada." Uh huh...sure.
Wasting time trying to solve problems that I made in my head
Check out our Tiki bar at the Ramada across the street, $3 beers all the time.
Is Noel EVER gonna announce.. Geez lol
About time for a good night :)
Vince Russo booked the stream for ROH
When God touches you He change Everything. Around you
Hate Mornings!
no i meant why do I live with my crazy ass family. But yes you is a
Did you check in to get the Indoor at Outdoor prices to try out our amazing Indoor Climate controlled Facility?
What's the biggest thing that happened in Az hip hop so far in 2k12
UW-Green Bay transfer Clayton Heuer to play at UW-Stevens Point.
I think fertility clinics shd b set up n back seat of chevys so IVF women everywhere can feel they got knocked up just like everyone else
White chalk when you dive back on the 3rd base line..
I don't think that came out right.
this always works
Thanksgiving is coming.
Off to #ASECS12. If you're in San Antonio, swing by the table and say hi.
Sometimes I think I was put in this world for no reason.
good morning baby where u been at :(
Sad to be leaving NM, but I desperately need some sleep.
RT Q2: What do you find challenging & rewarding about the work you do?
I could go for some morning sex and a blunt.oh yeah and some fruit snacks
lmfao that pic is classic. I know you and I were the happiest guys in Miami last night. LeBron never let's me down. Lol
you failed if you were attempting to tag me :P But i love you lex!!! And this is not where i parked my car!
“Fashion is more usually a gentle progression of revisited ideas.” - Bruce Oldfield
Brining in 6 or 8 data temps to help with the data entry stuff. The internal SQL guys are writing the rules for normalization.
Gotta say, Archers of Loaf rocked my socks off last night. If u get a chance, see them on this tour . Thanks again !
my next music: A remix, a song that sounds like ?uestlove guested on drums and a song that sounds like TFF meets Steven Drozd
I know but it's sinking in now
Sadfaces for both of us!
Not like u could've checked validity of photo before ruining ur credibility commenting on it
lol yeah. and i agree! i'm sure she'll be fine :)
I want super fries
Retweeting a joke about Hellen Keller and then instantly retweeting a bible verse?? Haha wow
#LNYHBT Has anyone heard about the new book by Jose Rodriguez? He wz the head of the CIA after 911
the hospital waiting room is devoid of electrical outlets. how will I distract myself without gadgets? may the batteries last long.
Damn 1st Ave S bridge is up again - thanks for screwing up my commute.
ah... then you don't teach high school. The man keeps making us fit our syllabi to his schedule.
I do too!
congrats you all!
I can't keep
So I'm not DETERMINED to watch 1 season of some show before I go back to school. #sopranos or #americasnexttopmodel ????
I'm following you because you're funny and I need a good laugh every now and then. Keep those comments coming - no pressure..
That was dope tho won't lie lol
Grand Opening of Forque tomorrow at noon. Lizzy McGrath will be laid to rest...BIG processional...you won't want to miss this one!
not enough space on twitter; the defamation clause of both - applied to 's platform - continues. You & others convicted..
home sweet home!
#Bulls fans should start booing Jrue Holliday when he has the ball and forget about Evan Turner.
Man, when the glass pane separating our dreams from reality shatters, there's nothing to hide behind. Vulnerable, raw, real...
When you see two homeless people making out, it's cruel to say "Get a room!"
"And now come I to thee; and these things I speak in the world, that they might have my joy fulfilled in themselves." John 17:13
It looks like we will have to put another restaurant on our $#it list. 50+ minute wait for our food. #dinnerfail Christos :-(
Follow me i wi follow u....
its in theatres .. how do you watch it?
Keeping my fingers crossed!
maybe something from the Medinah Shriners?!? Let me know if interested, can help obtain for you
Who would Colts like to draft with 2nd round draft pick? If he's still on board at #34, TE Coby Fleener. He was Luck's fav target @ Stanfrd.
Lord of the Ringtones
You are gunna die
Don't start none.....won't be none!!!
When all he wants is his lips pressed against yours. <3
Indeed -> “: Gotta love the great #MLK! Thanks!!”
great post on 's blog, thanks for sharing. I see you're an UT alum as well, glad to connect.
Brrr!!!! It's getting colder! Have you bought a new coat yet? RT if you have!
Yep, but may have to go in and change a few things b/c of latest developments.
Thanks for the return one! All is good. Hope things are well in your world!
thanks for the RT
Listening to nsync 
You know it's Monday when you look in your car mirror and notice that you only put eyeliner on one eye.
BLOOD DEATH NO FREEDOM NO VOICE LIE'S AND MORE LIE'S THIS IS WRONG MAKE IT RIGHT
Kate Beckinsale is our cover model for this month. Read all about her new movie, Underworld Awakening, in this January issue!
Acting liking a normal person in Grand Theft Auto 4 because you're bored.
Good seeing u yesterday! Proud of u fam! Seems like just yesterday u were playing for me in the Great American Shootout lol!
"Escalators are for passengers only."
I’m still not convinced.
Oh hell yeah drinking a #pumking oak aged I'm in heaven
Twitter girls are not just pretty faces on my timeline they are also smart girls with important opinions lol jk haha
lmao as long as you dont cut the cheese, we good!
Judge Wolf expects defense to finish before -- possibly "well before" -- June 18 estimate for end of trial.
absolutely! You need some PBR jams :) They are on order. That would trip them out.
Back at work after 2-day 24-hour/day nursing duty for my hubby's shoulder surgery. OUCH. For both of us!
just finished doing my homework... #winning is all i do!!
I like how I got my hair done 2 days after I met you. I wish I looked prettier in Tennessee. :|
omg really??! Woohoo ! :D
that looks like a bottle of River Cafe Selvapiana Olive oil, he has good taste!
Not sure what I want to do...
In case you missed it - we announced the winner of the Ducati at : congrats to Patrik Kiley! Thanks for participating everyone!!
Show us what your snackin on right now Detroit! Tweet us pics of your
I imagine a lot bloquiaron half moody account but I'm OK I have a little cold but I'm fine and you are telling me :)
Let's get those bartenders up here.
I think knows of an $ assessment in FL, but its is heritage tourism as a whole
RT : Watching The Casey Anthony Jury Widd My Lil Brother <==== Follow thanx big bro
Follow me...I amazing...and desperate...jk
hey its my birthday turned 16
I have to eat Qudoba because there isn't a Chipotle in Louisville, KY. Would rather eat Chipotle.
follow it's just one button to press :D
if you find one, let me know if he has a friend :P lol
If keeps changing his icon my ovaries will explode!!
hi lady! Are you planning any sort of event guide for Make A Difference day tomorrow? Thanks!
OK Mark Jackson. Put the starters back in for OT. What are you thinking? If Warriors lose, he should be fired.
. This is why I still think there is viable stuff in a literature circle approach. If teacher's in loop.
thank you for coming and sharing with us great moments, hope to see you back soon.
*stands on porch, takes deep breath to calm myself. Looks towards the woods, then at house* screw the sweater. Its not that cold.
#OJR events are over, but keep the conversations going. So proud of everyone that was a part of !
Thank you to everyone who attended our Holiday Webinar! Please let us know what you thought
Domestic Short Hair - Orange and white - Jack - Large - Adult ...
Happy Friday! Start your weekend off right with a relaxing cup of tea!
Math grade went up
I've heard rumors Manda will be accompanying on the keyboard :)
welcome! It's a fun app to take pictures with :)
Headed to Jackie's Packie on Rte 34. Anybody need a Mickey's?
Slap me and yes I am stupid
say word
Dinner w/ amazing, creative, brilliant and beautiful young women like my daughter & her friends...there is hope for the future!
Nothing like starting the week with a #SuperBowl food hangover
RIP Dan Scott
wat happened y r u sick
: : Conversation is an exercise of the mind; gossip is merely an exercise of the tongue."
Still searching for the Outliers at World Wine Meetings ,Chicago.
Happy #LaborDay weekend! Before you take one more trip, don’t forget about the hard working members of the courtesy patrol keeping you safe!
A lot of celebrities in Clintonville tonight: Mason Crosby, Dick Bennett, Bill Jartz, UW tight end Sam Arneson.
Are you on our email list? Visit www.friendsofhowardfootball.org to sign up.
i get so awkward sometimes. I think is rubbing off on me haha
Just started following a #sustainable farm coop to help military veterans with PTSD
Absolutely! 's album release show June 12th at and Geri Allen at June 15th!
Susan! My God, we thought you were dead. Susan: No, just in New Jersey.
. we do it because we love it, because it's a calling
NO I didn't ! Anyways when are you leaving
RT RT : Our non-pitcher is better than your non-pitcher
When I will be doing the interview, I'll be sure to let your guys know
I can't believe it has been 13 years! I've so many great memories from that day. I love the new avi!!
Nice pic and article, Jeff!
which sheep?
for my organization, the digital native isn't a myth it's the future. Engage and involve the future!
hey that sounds like a plan. RT : Starting the day off with 6 GALLONS of Salted Oreo. Come get a scoop to-go b4 the game!
Best wishes to MP, BM and IR!
Me is who I am and nobody can change that.
Little iPhone-having-mf's must think they better than everybody else lol.
You know your team is top class when the people your cutting are better than any teams starters will be missed
It's raining :(
Our very own Dante, airbrush artist to the stars, just airbrushed PaulaAbdul for the WendyWilliams show. Good luck Paula you look beautiful!
The worst thing about loving someone is knowing they don't love you back.</3
yeah...please join me.
creating a new breed of vegetable. a crinach. or a sparrot. Half spinach, half carrot. So you can eat the top AND the bottom. genius, I know
get at me all, my phones up and working again
did the fire csmause power outage
evan is a talented rapper check out evanwrekn.com, he is a breath of fresh air
There is so much drama in this world, and I want to stay as far away from it as possible.
never had one.. Enjoy one for me!
im out of twitter jail .....yes! LOL
At the dentist for the first time in a few years and they had me fill out my medical history on an iPad. The future is now.
ard bitch you may gotta couple thousand followers but you ain't the shit
I need a new photo. Maybe can help me with that one.
#Recognize RT We are going to be playing a FREE secret SHOW in Hollywood, CA this THURSDAY @ 6PM. Stay tuned for details
Hey, me too! “: Stop the presses! I bought myself clothes!!!”
where are you???
I know how you feel! :(
Still waiting on delivery confirmation, so our little surprise may have to wait until next week.
On second thought what did happen last night
Pundits feel #Gingrich not ideal. Best of worst not good enough. A repub president is no guarantee to solve US economic woes.
Eminem & 50 Cent: The Best Bromance :B Ever.
Something ain't right but if I ask I'd probably get yelled at.
we will def be in touch w/u! and thank you very much. spreading the word as much as possible will be a BIG help right now :)
Impossible. I don't believe it. Just like I don't believe in fairies... except the ones that scare the Yeti.
I'll spin the wheel
Curtis Granderson is a fucking stud
Please suggest a movie for me, so that I can find out if you have terrible taste.
": I try really hard to look like Joan Jett, but I always end up leavng house looking like Chaka Kahn." lol! Luv that! 2FF
I just wish would notice me :/
Check out Boulderfest.com for the 3 day lineup and see when your favorite local bands are playing this year. Oh ya its FREE.
good morning, happy tuesday to you
bummer! You will be missed!
Id Aint Bout Where You 4rm But Where You Headed Doe..
thanks! I'll let you know what we end up planning!
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending.
Cliff-hangers.
I am having a problem with the profile rotator. It keeps giving an error when trying to upload. Please Help.
ViewGuard wishes everyone a safe and happy holidays!
CASHER nails another top play on the Kansas City Chiefs.
The superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions. – Confucius
Just remembered I took tomorrow off to relax. Huzzah!
Florida drivers - reminding me why there are 49 other states I'd live in before I live here.
O by the way yoh Hair is off the chain
week and a half i think
I CAN'T WAIT! #giddy schoolgirl RT: : A day and a half!
The Brits are more progressive than the Americans, cos we have TV presenters & they have TV pastors
Myers doesn't get up and kept him on
I like a girl with confidence.
close my eyes and dream
Thanks for the tweet about our learning management system in your directory.
If Heaven Wasn't So Far Away, I'd Pack Up And Go Visit For The Day.
ON MY JOURNEY HOME says everything ur loved one cannot when incapacitated. Takes gone from my sight 4 steps further.
what happened?
... Possibly staying in Building JJ next year? Let's make this happen!
Just created an account, can't log in. Reset the password twice, no go. What to do?
Sex takes up the least amount of time and causes the most amount of trouble.
Yes! Love me some #fleetwodmac!
Make Mobile Cent$ this holiday season
hellz yeah my sister just ruined her hair shit was funny ass hell...
- I'm the black one.
RT : Salute to my comrades & many more who are making art live in this...
I can remove 90% of your so-called beauty with a Kleenex
omg .. tomorrow is totally not a date . or is it ? ...
np. awesome default!
Feel like I got to chill at the cool kids table down in Columbus yesterday... Enjoyed all the brilliant minds at
"Controversial rapper Common"...co-star of Date Night.
Miami Beach earlier, Calle Ocho now, later...
Being A Unicorn>>>
M, apple
Lights out at 9:15. Sounds about right.
4 more weeks until DeadPro rocks out Cosmic Charles again!
A populace that can think critically would seem to provide greater long-term economic viability than one made of automatons.
Don't go to bed angry! I really try to stick by this...talk it out, COMMUNICATE...stewing isn't going to fix it! :)
My child will never be on toddlers and tiaras.
thanks for sacrificing your safety to teach survival skills. I'm an Eagle Scout but your show taught me a ton of new things
It's time for a James Van Der Beek cameo on Mad Men me thinks.
So I just watched ur beauty mint review *late I know* I had trouble with my skin too, and I have a suggestion. I looked up the...
So what does everyone think about Joran Van Der Sloot's 28 year sentence?
You don't get million dollar answers with ten cent prayers!
Our mind can shape the way things will be because we act according to our expectations. Federico Fellini #quote”
It's ok to carry a concealed weapon in Wisconsin bars. I wonder if those taking shots are more likely to take shots?
And Keef says the exact same thing!
Before the tongue can speak, it must have lost the power to wound. Peace Pilgrim
Next time you have a tour. Make sure to go to Orlando! Hahah. :)
Getting Real serious about the music biz! Now!
Yea! I just got a note from Amazon that my pre-order book from is shipping!
they just expire.
stay classy!!!
When working out on nearly an empty stomach, supplement with BCAA during your workout for fuel and to spare muscle tissue.
The #goldenglobes feel like an awkward family reunion. But still kind of funny in that way where family reunions are.
What do you think of the new Pink song?? Raise Your Glass.,
Prosecutions fault. They did not prove beyond a shadow of a doubt that she had committed the crime.
same! I'm resting up this weekend though! ..gotta get ready for next weekend (;
Cannot sleep. I gotta get off of twitter
MPEG Streamclip should do the trick... and it's free! :)
DIKEMBE! FARUKAMADESH! BOYCE! All of these names are synonymous and will be synonymous with upsets!
I'm excited to celebrate 5 years cancer free with friends tonight!
that just took entirely too long to sync ebooks from the computer to my sony reader. :/
Haha, no. More like online dating service eharmony:)
because again, we didn't want to make him sit at home and do nothing.
You will forever be the winner to me. Please make sure I have some Jamar Rogers music to listen to really soon. I love you!
Warm ups have begun at Magness arena. Bucky vs DU best of 3 series. We have our own 300 going, 22 Badgers vs Everybody. Game on boys
Makes me wanna take a back road, makes me wanna take the long way home (; #JasonAldean<3
#twitter makes #football 100000000x funnier
Comedy is simply a funny way of being serious. Peter Ustinov
Ah. Masters hash browns. Matched only by Pitch's has browns on Humboldt in Milw. 2 best in the world.
thank you tha tha thank s s you
LIAM! Its sunny here in America.. How's your weather? (:
Going to make a series of art done in busses or cars , the bumpiness adds some style to it and theirs so much to draw , creativity !
I am not here for you
Saw Ann Pachett last night great way to spend an evening.
State of Union!! My first in the USA
Hi Norma! How's it "in your region"? :)
is it true that shes a hoe?
oh yea God Morning!
What is cinco de mayo
ha, barely! Only to jump back in on Monday. Get 'er done! And good luck!
The $10 store got The hoes lookin good tonight but u wont fool me..i can Smell a broke bitch frome a mile away
Going to ty ty 's high school graduation (: <3
Summer, y u no come faster?
LOL it's the built up chemical fumes from the plastic and paints, that first real big breath in when opening is a doozy
Jangling keys... is that scientist guy from E.T. in here?!
Going down rt. 60 can't see a damn thing......
Thanks Sellers! I still need to come see you. This week Tuesday perhaps?
What's the newest of your favorite brews?
It's sunny and warm where we are. Why aren't you here? The trains are here through Sun. Jan 8, don't miss it! $3.
report report report. share the good work that you are doing. grantors are interested in what worked and what didn't
Clearly you should pick up all your followers and take us with you. :P
Done with practice. Now going to the recital thingy.
I hate using my truck to do work because it gets dirty. I assume someone will be coming to revoke my man card.
i was gonna wish on 11:11 but as i was going to,it turned to 11:12 haha, oh wale!! x)
fast and furious 4 really, the chicks, the drivers :>
tweets I collected from January 25 till March 1
no icing on penalty kill, that is why they just slap it all the way down ice. You also can't "sub" on icing (tired, just hit it)
Welcome new literary friends
Wade was worse, nigga played like a bitch today
Here kickin it at a bar, its been a while, let's see what the night life has to offer.
S/o to the ladies who think like man and act like a lady. Please don't retweet this if you should be retweeting my last tweet.
Hey Followers here's a new number 855-591-1035 - call it and request J. Crist 'Feelin Fine' or text it to 53105
Getting proposal together for FETC.
Come on and
- what? now what now? Waddidimiss?? wad dey do to Sade? She in jail or what! lol.... jus' kidding! ;)
Those who have knowledge, don't predict. Those who predict, don't have knowledge.—Lao Tzu
was there plenty of Pacino in 13? Can't remember.
I'll be there! Halfway through the book & it's great MT Come listen to me talk about energy at Boston Skeptics in the Pub April 2
Watch for the Child Advocacy Center on WREG lunchtime news -- you CAN help prevent child sexual abuse!
Thanks. My own design.
I just saw this lol. Yeah I might get one...we'll see haha
where's the invite?...never tried Aussie BBQ before....well if you count Outback BBQ then I have tried it lol
Congrats to Coach Sauer and the USA sled hockey team and their win over Norway at the World Sledge hockey Challenge
#art politics Jesus Christ. Shows video of LRAD during G20 to disperse crowd. Sound disperses crowd. In shows music compels and attracts.
Where are u?
*sniff* no more crying :') :)ILYShawty<3
Great to be following you now Aaron.
I wonder when #gristedes is going to catch on to this, and how much $ they'll offer you to become their official street blogger
Thank you to everyone who came out for our grand opening on Saturday - what a fantastic turnout!
if you dont tr(eat) her right someone else will
How come Starbucks smoothies suck so much?
Yeah, having to weave through throngs of tourists when I'm trying to get somewhere in a hurry sucks. A lot!
Caught in the rain? Should have gone abroad. Study Abroad Fair - tomorrow, Thursday, 3:30 - 7:00 - Athenaeum.
Interesting. There must be some interesting similarities btwn HI and FL re: illegal labor
LOL hope you're feeling better!
We have the first streets clue! The street is named after one of the five boroughs.
The human heart creates enough pressure to squirt blood 30 feet (9 m).
****NASHVILLE: Tommorow! *TWITTER TUESDAYS: STAR MODELS & BOTTLES NIGHT* EVERYBODY FREE TILL 11P/$5 TILL 12A! <Please RT
Vander Blue is a scrub! #thatguysucks. Go MU. Marquette needs to stop this run
- just got a compliment on both Goedhart & DLD Syrahs. "best labels ever"
It's gonna be a beautiful evening for some Pilates w/Lian-Marie Holmes - 6-7p. Bring a mat or towel & join the party!
Yeah she's pretty great, not gonna lie
My hair needs to grow like 6 inches .
Happy MF Friday for me!
It's getting so a pug can't take a walk anymore!
hit the club like where was all the hoes at?in a lil change you gon’
Fabulous! I've always loved their magazine better than any other writing mag. So down to earth. Anyway, how's the rest of life?
thanks for the follow! I love to read and review YA so I hope you enjoy the reviews.
You are a lucky duck!!! Have fun!
Have you all heard the News?,ABC has giving Casey Anthony another $200,000 this Child Murderer is on easy street,We going to stand for that?
The DMV is the worst place ever, there's so many people here
holds 126 million specimens and artifacts from all over the world
Checking emails before I go to bed.
Today I'll interview an undergrad civic engagement student I worked with last semester: my first interview for this project. Hooray.
I'M SO READY.
I just finished a 2.00 mi run with a pace of 7'17"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
Hey everyone! Make sure you get a chance today to celebrate National Cream-filled Donut Day!
"Will you dare to divulge? An instant musical revealed nightly."
Let my prayer be set forth in your sight as incense, the lifting up of my hands as the evening sacrifice. ~ Psalm 141:2
What? Sheriffs?
Not a Richard Perry fan, but whoa, great death penalty answer...
hey your tweet pic you look sexy with u pretty eyes so when you coming to Miami you know the playoff start go Knicks
Found my phone case
Bitches get stitches
Who goes in the rotation then? Cook?
will be the last pick
Last tweet I sent that I was a lie love is way better than just sex
LOL! I forgot we actually started it haha
Please Follow this supporting mahomie NOW>>>> (:
Fasten your seat belts #Fringe fans!
Creating an endless stream of beauty.
is anyone wearing a cool tie in the surveillance? thesilktie.com
Tune in NOW to catch Friday's show with on .
Hey friends be sure to hear and on tonite!!!!
5pm here and to keep to my new priority goals, that means quitting time! Woohoo! :D Not that I might not sneak a peek later. G'nite!
#DWTS tomorrow!! who's voting for ?
The last thing we need is another bad singing show.
Post from my son, an opera singer, in response to my lat tweet - talk about personal brands for solo musical artists
Home sweet home
Just left my auntie house omw home really enjoyed myself
OHEMGEEEHFBGJUWEGFUWEVBWUQFGBWEUQIFGVB you guys are freaking adorable. ♥
Add us as a friend on facebook Kincaids Oakland
I am actually a really mean person... Wow.
“Yoga doesn’t take time, it gives time.” - Ganga White
Please don't tell me & were the only ones that saw my bike get bitched by 's trucks tail whip action!?
which one is him then?? lol
where would the QR Codes be? On a power point? Poster?
ya, the ums and ahs drive me nuts. When I feel like one is coming now I just pause. Silence can be powerful.
New writer's diet. Red zin and a bucket of whily-popped popcorn. This outta last me until 9:45... when I run out of booze.
The Fay Kanin tribute on Wednesday at the Library of Congress' National Film Preservation Board dinner at the Beverly Hills Hilton was fab.
Its actually a good friday the 13th
Thank you! You have been RTd!
lmao of course u would
an inviting bowl of plump & juicy sweet berries with a splash of shiraz
'the wanted suck' me: bitch I'd kill you but I'm totally against animal cruelty.
please marry me .
Killing educational programs will not fix pa's budget: Please call 1866 346 7655. Select option 4 and then hit #. My job depends on it.
Not sure that is what he is thinking! I think is feeling alot pressure! He hasn't been needed much, but I agree it was too much.
damn! I missed it...off to youtube to find it....
you got it!
Wow! That Rizzo is awesome. The Padres should call him up because those Tucson numbers will certainly translate well at Petco!
Wow what a special guest! RT : We will be there next week! I'm coming all the way from Memphis.
That worked. Thanks!
What the lick read
Dan Boyle baby go
"You don't have to hold a position in order to be a leader."
i was thinking that'd be nice, too. first, that. then trees.
Who's feeling some hookah and BudLight tonight? Don't forget to use your app for some free drinks (;
Today that my life is what I make it
#FF the fabulous because if she were here, she'd have gladly murdered anyone I'd asked her to. She's a great friend.
Good point.
Just watched Michelle Williams's "Blue Valentine"
I want to see all the spectacles spill their guts right on the streets.
No matter what skin tone u is... white yellow red carmel brown black or even black aF #IfYouBadd I salute u badd bitches.
Good Morning! How do we make arrangements to watch a practice in Flowery Branch?
she brave(; lol and shes lucky to have a friend like u cause u r super nice(:
May Day in
#me3 amazing. tell me another story.
I won't be able to attend the #momacriticalplay talk on either the 17th or the 18th - will it be taped or just livestreamed?
What ever doesn’t kill you [is everything, every day you’re not dead]
Hot as shit outside , slept with my window all the way open & was still hot !
It is very difficult for illegal immigrants in the US who are caught breaking the law, especially if they have children who are citizens...
no doubt. I'm just glad the Knicks won a playoff game lol
Big plans are in the horizon....eager to get our food out to all parts of the #ATX #Austin we love you!
Bouta go to sleep.
Check with your clinic but our introductory massage starts at $49
whoaa they did a cover? How did I not see this??
Congrats! Those cookies are deeeeeeeeelish!
Yeah,,,,,,no longer friends
At GSA, visiting some folks.
ARE YOU WATCHING AMERICAN IDOL !? :O
Critical thinking leads to good judgement
I'm sick of the universe telling me what to do! Yes, I asked for a sign on what to do, but 3 signs in the last 2 days? What??
All good options... do you need any beer suggestions?
In case you were wondering, Avengers was Bad. Ass.
LETS GO #PATRIOTS!!!!!
ikr me2 :( but never say never :)
I agree. But love can make you weak like that.
Greatness is expendable in this era...
The bugs in TN are....huge.
im like on some excitement ish like they my lil bros...
Making candles, my secret tea, cd's, practicing guitar, and chking emails...i need to sit down!
Hear No Evil Ear Plugs @ www.kandizone.com
Grind time.
Madonna is not good
What is art? Prostitution. ~ Charles Baudelaire
Yes, I believe he is. Awesome kid although he'd give me a heart attack sometimes, lol
Goodnite everybody need more followers u follow and me and I will follow u back
I do see where you're coming from. But I just didn't have an issue with the piece.
hmm how to convince my latin teacher i can't take the test i missed? #stressing i'ma sleep on that
Former Gov Rendell: SS should be means tested. "I made more $ last yr than when mayor,gov,& still got $28k in SS.u can't even send it back!"
looking forward 2 #NBA ALLSTAR WEEKEND!!!
Wait, Osama's body wasn't buried at sea shortly after his death? The government lied to us... I'm shocked. Wonder if he's really even dead.
are you amongst the living?
almost forgot, you can't miss the Brooklyn Flea in Williamsburg. Amazing food, vendors, and views of Manhattan from the waterfront.
If #Radiohead sounded like Can before, they're sounding more like Faust tonight.
": I'm singing a whale song. #TeamOrca lol!what do u mean!?and what!!??!
Don't talk about it, be about it.
what's the best gift you've gotten?
I wish it was hot enough to go bridge jumping .
What do you call a boomerang that doesn't work? A stick.
If we end up in Troy, I am gonna rage.
Thank you! Im pretty proud I didn't shed 1 tear during the whole thing haha- lots of physical therapy in the near future tho
See, the funny thing about signatures is that they are supposed to be real...
congratulations you deserve it all <3
+ + me = epic craziness
“: God does the supernatural, we do the natural - Willie George #c3conf”
o so jealous xoxoxo tan for me baby girl!
remember this? In our increasingly interconnected world, karma has become an instant reality.
same here wat ya up to
Spider situation under control. For now.
Doing well, haven't had much to tweet about I guess. Drew is def growing fast. Anything new?
Think you stink? You are better than tons. Think you are awesome? You still got tons of work to do to be the best!
I was planning on being home for the 2nd half of #DCU - I'm going to have to fly down 7.
SO stoked! Venue confirmation for the benefit show on 3/25. More details coming this week. Be prepared for amazingness!!!
Thanks for the shout out ! Big ups!! :]
Dance was awesome today ^__^
Does it even exist anymore?
follow major moves being made
“: I don't fuck with hard drugs, like na man I'm already pretty doomed for life I don't need dat sheeeeiit.”
natural rivals
NYPL Monster Film Fest presents The Phantom Of The Opera, a screening of the classic 1929 film Saturday March 3rd at 2pm...
"Mom they're not racist..." -
Elated to spend the next hour reminiscing of parties past with We will ALWAYS #partyhard!
being able to just enjoy the show as a show helps a lot. but what do I know. I was a Carrie.
Annie Potts is my new Meryl Streep
remember, time is only a construct
getting ready for school against my will :P
[1] Missing from Obama's list of terror victim countries was Israel, which has suffered more from Islamist-inspired terrorism . . .
Done. Congrats, bro!
Fred Whitehead's tshirt-"socialism: spreading the wealth since 1917"
This format of yours isn't getting old at all. --No one on twitter
This weather is simply perfect
Oh yeah bc we know abstinence training works oh so well. Not so much.
SoloPiano.com will be announcing the Nominees for the 2010 Album of the Year Soon!! Stay Tuned!!
#GetAnXbox so it can break... Again.. Then #GetAnXbox... Again......
I want some head while skydiving
Will look it up right now! -J
2013: The year when the movie 2012 will be moved from the action section, to comedy section.
would you follow me?
Definitely! It was unreal! Pretty dramatic last inning!!
The baby from the Nirvana Nevermind album cover... I wonder what happened to him.
You are very kind, I appreciate your words more than I could say. We will miss you at USF.
Musicians will often need a great strategy both musically and business wise! PC is here to help!
Going home , finna eat me some cereal :)
Nothing is perfect in this life.
Trying To Figure Out How To Use Twitter
Today 5 yrs ago I met you, and till this day I thank god for bringing you into my life. I've alway told you since freshman year that you
Ain't this just like the present, to be showin up like this...
it is more that He works two jobs BESIDES the farm work and he is the one who always is helping all of us when we need it.
- Julia/Schmoolia.What about me? Is this a new war on men?
making fun of any murder is lame, I support most of your bmore politics, but perhaps stick to that, leave the comedy to the pros
Conducting a concert on a Barge during a windy storm was interesting. The music stand kept sliding from side to side.
Auditions for Thunderlips and the Submissives will be announced shortly!
Cabby K's another Red Wolf. 2 down. bases still loaded
Ugh, dude, I was gonna have a house party for Allstar this Summer. But it's freaking 20k. Like are you kidding me.
why then i could creap hehehe your in fayettville right now
We all have front row seats on history...
When someone loves you, the way they say your name is different. You know that your name is safe in their mouth.<3
New followers #FF Thanks!
That's not commentary re btw , rather , the brain flaccid imbeciles he must constantly refer back to econ 101.
I never thought I'd say this but there's too many marshmallows in my Lucky Charms -_-
cool bro.
Who would be interested in being able to purchase another one of our songs on I Tunes for only 99 cents?
Not just a debt crisis - Europeans are in endgame of centuries long historical cycle of empire, exploitation, war & now unsurmountable debt
ha! we had that last week. they asked me to be in charge of Bingo.
Never felt better to say its the weekend :) its been to long. Retail therapy tomorrow 👍😍
Love to hear Kelly's reasoning, longest FG of the year for Oregon? 43 yards. It was 4th and 1.
welcomes x
I out-wrote an author? ;) Awesome! But wait... does that mean we'll be waiting longer for your next book? O.o
You know they're trying to be funny when they start with . . . See what had happened was .
I hate nights like these.. not sleepy. #can'tsleep
we'll see you next time!
hey sorry for the late reply I'm on tweetlimit right now.
11:11 and Say Somethin are absolutely amazing. I can't wait for new music. :)
I'll keep doing that
You are most welcome.
Exploring the vast world of Twitter...wow, so much all in one place!
Feel shit thanks .
FREE Madtown Throwdown tickets being given away Legends Bar and Grill in Madison tonight. Be there and win free tickets.
#UPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!! :) SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!! :) EAR EAGLE!!! :) nana
Be an inspiration, not an imitation♥
nice man
It's a bitter sweet symphony
Music is as much a part of history as many other cherished artifacts.
Ok...here we go.
Raining in SoCal. Say it isn't so. ☔
So many breakups! Wells Fargo, State Farm, now Walgreens. I like their local peeps, but I won't continue supporting property over people.
"no matter who you are or where you come from, you can find opportunity in Columbus" Nancy Kramer.That made me teary-eyed!
haha soon you will have moon and phillip...then chachi :D
For 2nd time bought from a convenience store what appeared to be a plastic-wrapped #pastry only to find it was basically just a #hotdog bun.
Frank Mulgrew, President of the Online Education Institute at , on designing the next generation of #elearning, now at
Chap, I'm gonna be honest. Completely exhausted (I'm in bed as I type this). Early wake-ups, long commutes, graduations = wiped.
have a great game #BBN 4 -ever
True, true. And yes, the nueske's bacon nails it. Hence, our cookies topped with bacon. Best dessert out there.
dm the info
Pulling an all nighter to be in warm Greece in the morning!
Sounds like there maybe an issue with eligibility MT : ...Cody Dent looks to break his record in the year 4023.
Headed to O'Hare
Started my daily "Tebowing" against Eli "the bitch" Manning winning another ring. I'd give everything I own to bitch slap him him just once.
new ipod, new music .
What's happ'n hot stuff!
FOLLOWED..FOLLOW BACK..
Thanks for the RT.
Very cute outfit - well done with the polka dots!
Starbucks #fedhill open!
#Coffeescript presentation now up at #DevIgnition. Wonder what type of #Node.js goodness will be discussed. Maybe even #Zappa?
Yeah! Am kickin'
I actually didn't think he pitched too bad tonight. Wasn't great but wasnt horrific either.
Today is the day to get the last little things finished up! Going to check out Christmas lights tonight & just enjoy! Merry Christmas y'all
I hate it when I take forever to reply because I don't wanna sound stupid, but I do anyways
It Takes 21 Days To Make A Habit . And 21 Days to forget That Habit
AH! I can't wait to see you! And too!
Why didn't LOL release in Miami or Ft. Lauderdale FL? D:
Well for me it is I did Nia this am and since it is cardio I breath through my mouth so I stop sneezing!!
"I can't even see the hundo"
Brew City Summer Sale! 20% off your website purchase at www.brewcityonline.com with keyword: brewtown.
If you're gonna be a smart ass, first you have to be smart. Otherwise, you're just an ass.
R.I.P Vidal Sassoon
The Government & Nonprofit EXPO is today! 10:00AM - 3:00PM in the GU Hotel & Conference Center! Don't forget your GOCards & Resumes!
girl, interrupted is one of the greatest movies of the 90's . or at least i think so ^-^
Eating never felt so god!
“: Yesterday, announced Hunter Mahan is joining the game." he has reached stardom.
Who are these clowns in the dunk contest?
I can save you. From the misery you've claim to yourself.
wish me luck on my drama exam today? I'm gonna need it:') xx
If I hear Zooey Deschanel ask her phone "is that rain?" one more time I will literally rain on her face. (pee-pee)
its amazing how lyrics explain exactly how you feel.
On my way to Austin! Tx Relays Party at Club La Rumba
RT : Don't allow your children to grow up to be slaves, teach them to question anything that does not make sense to them.
Grateful for analysis of situations where trends begin to appear.
Finished 2030, thought it was inciteful. Enjoyed the confluence of events and outcomes. Felt sorry for Brad's son, though.
no problem!
i believe you can get postgame highlights (A&V) with the MLB AT Bat App
I would totally Skee-bowl. What an awesome idea!
too bad I cant retweet you.
Yesterday: replacement iPhone; new GPS unit; learned I can order on 7/26. Today: #OSXlion upgrade.
Phelps in the rotation sometime this year , he is THAT good !!! GO YANKS !!!!
Visiting Belgian friend doesn't want to go to the CSO tonight (Boulez conducting Debussy, Ligeti, Ravel); any takers?
only for a little
*snif* my jaw just fell open
damn. . i cant believe he died, RIP Gabriel
Have fun!
Shout out to my boys for lookin out for me
Men at work looks hilarious
Theater Camp this week was such a great success! Hope everyone had a stupendous, thespian appreciating week! :)
Aha! I knew I forgot someone! ! Lovely person! Simply lovely!
What is everyones plan for New Years? Big Party or stay at home and relax?
Wife wanted something for her anniversary that went 0-200 in 2 seconds. Was getting her a bathroom scale a bad thing?
I told you i can rap if i try! Give me that neck, no self serve, family and friends....COME HERE RETRIEVE YOUR NECK!!!!
Kirk Franklin - Give Me
done deal. Ima holla at nique, get in touch. We should kick some jams, swap some shows
you should.
#evolving Buzz word of the day ?
When you wish upon a star, you're a few million lightyears late. That star is dead, JUST LIKE YOUR DREAMS!
Haha she knew my tweet last night was about her haahaha
#WeWontWork if you stay Saying you gonna do this, n dont keep yo word
Someone great!!
was my client even b4 I met you! Small world!
I'll be there!
thanks for shouting me out
Fun weekend project with the kids: Create a family book, with information and pictures about each family member.
Not even gonna lie, he kinda made my night :)
Watching Biggest Loser on the countdown to SOA! Yeah baybee!
Christians will live as travel agents or tour guides. The 1st tells others but never experiences. The 2nd leads others where they have been.
My roommate just bought me some Applebees to go. Um. Applebees and Basketball Wives tonight at 7pm. Sounds great!!!
Ladies: has this career crossroads ever derailed your career? Find out which one. Read my latest post: www.theWATTblog.com
“:Vanderbilt's Carey Speaks misses a 27-yard field goal. Arkansas will survive. Again.” It is a win but I'm not proud of it.
What beauty or fashion trend are you excited to see return this year?
#SPRINGBREAK is here Gettin Intune! I'm Bout To Crank Up <=TECHNO=>
Awww. Well at least you'll be there a little.
If it wasn't for date rape I wouldn't get laid.
This weekend is my 10 year high school reunion. That is very strange to me. Considering going, but am unsure.
My faggot came to visit me. How sweet of him!(:
Teaching a google docs class at the library tonight...first class I've taught in over a year! Hope I'm not too rusty.
Giving up isn't an option! RT If we become cynical and hopeless , the regressive forces win. They'd like nothing better.
Final arrangements at 10am tomorrow, i last session at 12pm w/ D - Rock and it's off to Mix and Master courtesy of
I wish
Colonel Sanders?
The deadline for entry's in June 13th.
I did. I dig! Keep it up and stay in touch.
I'm supposed to be doing my homework right now, but I'd take the chance of you following me over a passing grade anyday ;)
starts at 2pm today
Uggie as a seatmate/conversationalist at the White House Correspondents' Dinner > Lohan and Kardashian combined
Happy mothers day to a woman who inspires woman around the world!<3
Uh oh Larry Merchant Vs. Floyd Mayweather 2
It was the most entertaining play of the game.
its so foggy out.. and why am i tweeting from this account? lol no i didnt get it bck :/ this is just from my phone
lol hell yea. I'm mad I just found out about it. Downloaded all 3 seasons lol
But im back in this bitch, Reliving the moment.
Really? That's disappointing.
What's the name of the anime where a kid goes around catching pokemon and uses them to battle other pokemon to become a pokemon master?
Thank you for the RT! :)
twitter partayyyy? Yes. :)
think there be a transitioning period for McCoy/Ash to be the starting QB instead of coming off the bench?
Proud of Bopper and Mark. Represented #BBN well!
so true... it would be a miracle if they pull it off.
Name a movie that describes the relationship you want? The Lucky One
Thanks, doll! <3
Lunch date when better than expected! Now into a board meeting with the engineers.
great first speaker #acrlny11 - should check out the slides
I really don't want to deal with this right now, shitty night.
y that's cray
Hi :) I hope I get to meet you someday, but it might not happen. Either way, I just want you to know that I love you! <3
That play up the middle by Cano was sweet.
#FirstThingIDoInTheMorning is rejuvenate with a shower and some
=> 1st Black woman on the cover of Vogue... wow! Thanks for the follow - following back :-)
Hello my twitter BFF!(: Haven tweeted you in a while!(:
Need a Holiday gift for your favorite lawyer? How about a custom made legal-themed chess set? Holla at me!
at least it's Friday!
Happy #CyberMonday! Where are you shopping online today?
The beast inside me is fighting to come out and fight...
even tho we lost today Knicks has been my team for a long time... Im liking the progress they're making with Lin in the mix
The book, Orphan V, is in search of a publisher and agent. If interested please make contact. Thank you!
hahaha you know it.
There's a reason why I keep to myself.
well what can I say... I'm hard to forget. hahaha ;)
Happy BirthDay
Did you find them? I did....finally. Why did they change the layout? There was no reason to.
alwas be happy...life is short just live it while u can.......have fun and never let anything bring u down love:Ashleigh from the heart
Life's most persistent and urgent question is: What are you doing for others? Happy Martin Luther King Day
Cookie brought me Starbucks at 5:30, I'm gonna be off the hinges all night.
really ? you decided to quit tonight? Man that makes me unhappy. Not that I'm any happier with #blackberry fail
Listening to Columbia Professor Richard Bulliet's History of the World to 1500 CE found on iTunesU
Amen and HalleluYER!!!!!
One word frees us of all the weight and pain in life. That word is love. ~Sophocles~
I am reading Cocktail Hour Under the Tree of Forgetfulness by Alexandra Fuller-- J.L. Powers'
Ahead at Half Time!!!
for training this morning! Tonight we have 1830-1930 Boxing 1930-2030 Kickboxing No BJJ tonight as Gabriel is in Brazil
Make sure u get Ur copy of
“: "I love being alone"...she lies. ” WHO REMEMBERS THE OLLLDD RECORD
try me
Don't forget! Last day to redeem your $5 "Earth Week" game cards.
Silence over there on the East Coast!!! LOL
Next 2 weeks might be a bit dicey, maybe mid-April? Wednesdays are usually bad, but most other days are good.
My pick: Packers in rout 42-17 over the rothlessburgers.
My fucking stomach hurts.
If you drink bud light, you're a fucking pussy.
that sucks I love
when and where was diggy simmons?? :(
I think there's audio at least...I'm seeing tweets from folk I know are home. Not sure what the link is though.
saw the emails will do some follow up asap...keep showin love thoe appreciate it all...
good game tonight between and sabres. Bruins looking for some payback. Should be good! Check it out.
Forever Young!!!!! I'll be forever young, I'll never grow old
Time may pass but feelings always seem to last ...
I haven't seen this many Borat jokes in a while.
Nicely done boys, nicely done. So proud to be a WinterHawks fan.
There is a spider in my car while I'm driving under my feet.
#Showers & t'storms continue to pop up in #NewMexico, but not everyone gets 'em. I'll show you where they're the most likely tonight on KOB!
It's like a printer, hooked straight to my brain
Im gone b doin the All White Party tomorrow @ Brooklyns!
Sparring is on!
Zulily Cute Clothes at Bargain Prices Maternity Newborns Toddlers and more - maternity yoga wear
Just watched Cabin In The Woods I gotta admit it was a good movie I was laughing mostly tho cuz I just laugh at horror lol :P
eating disorders are much more serious than people believe. for support and to raise awareness follow us to help spread the word and love!
Looking forward to finally meeting on Saturday and of course seeing the always lovely, (I love the Princess)
SNAPBACK FRIDAY @ CLUB ELEGANCE WEAR A SNAPBACK/FITTEDS & RECEIVE FREE ENTRY!!!! HOSTED BY & KITCHEN OPEN 21 +
made of stone
Tap into your adventurous side & go white water rafting!
You're not one of those annoying Dallas Cowboy fans are you? ;)
T-minus 24 hours...
Thank you SO much for the follow - I'm VERY happy to return the favor. :) I look forward to your future Tweets!
But you said he apparently liked you. Which is not true at all because you are eww ugly.
Thats awesome! I love her. I def miss the az music scene
BEAT THE LAKERS ALREADY DAMN I WANT THEM OUT!!!!
Why can't NYPD Traffic cops do anything about triple parked limos & trucks on Madison Ave between 7 - 9 am weekdays?They tix everywhere else
do you miss jeff hardy
I deserve tickets because I am all about the game win or lose.
OOOOOHHHHHHH Masai Moon !!!! Edged ? Oh what a run
Jazz theory 2 final in ten minutes. Bouncing off a band concert until then, omgeeeee! Today is fast paced!
Woke up and had the feeling that today's gonna be a good one.
good luck that bio test tomorrow!
Fans voted Abby Wombach's header as Play of the Year only 5 days of voting, I think the fans made the right choice. That was sick.
My iPod is the shit!!
I don't want to be your 'favorite', or your 'best', I want to be your only & f*ck the rest.
It sucks getting used to being alone....all the time.
I already know, Sis!
Weather was awesome today in San Diego if you like rain, Great day today!
#knicks don't have the desperation they need in an elimination game. Must come out in the 3rd and play like their season is on the line
thank u miss!!
Right back at you brother. See you tomorrow.
“: When someone doesn't text you back but it says they read it <<<”
I will be contacting authorities in San Francisco and New York & demanding that an investigation be started immediately
Today in general has been a good day c:
I looovvee that feeling!
Sometimes us girls just need to be wined and dined to remind us of our importance.
Nigga please!! that song is amazing!
I just shed a tear so thought it was Saturday.....
Proud to have Dean and Susie Spanos on the April cover of Giving Back Magazine!
I'm so sleepy
To estimate the temperature in degrees Fahrenheit, count the number of cricket chirps in 15 seconds then add 37
Re: Telling military suicide stories. The military suicide rate is no longer lower than the civilian rate
You're full of it. VoSD had a reporter at DTP where Wayne said "NO" to convention center. It's been up for days uncorrected...
No more college. Hallelujah can I get a whitness
Tonight!! D Swan and Old Milwaukee, 11:30PM , FREE , This is a cage match, so bring your voting hats.
Love isn't love, til you've given it away......commissioned
I'm constantly amazed @ the technology of our bodies. The small scrape on my arm is healing by raising up & smoothing together.
#astdalc topknots rule! Don't reinvent!
That was the most amazing email card I've received all year. Hope your holidays will be merry & not too sticky!
RT : "Blessed are the forgetful: for they get the better even of their blunders." -Friedrich Nietzsche
i have just been informed someone hacked my twitter account and was using it unpleasantly. sorry.
WOW is simply on fire
#love ur music, just wondering when u r coming out w/some new music?
I just bought mc hammer pants at They rule
. Tea Party phenomenon - fueled by resentment of skill-based meritocracy, which is an inequality problem
It was a good game yesterday, to bad they started down 3-0, lets get them tonight!!!
it's really easy to fix on FB if you end up getting hacked. The scary part was that I couldn't tell from my end. I'll keep an eye >
Mona is A ! What did u guys think of #PrettyLittleLiars spring finale ?? any fav parts ?? New episodes of PLL and Jane by Design June 5 8/7c
Just tapped, Demolition Ale (replaces IPA)
RT : Tampa Cuban Sandwich RT Q5 #Foodiechats via What is your #AllTime favorite kind of
Dance tonight at Harriman Hall on UB South Campus with Jojo Jackson. Starts @ 8! The workshop today was fun! Come watch all the cool moves!
Full house today luncheon ft. Use #amapdx if you're there. will be live-tweeting from that account.
hey, gotta help where I can..
I want to tear the petals off of you and make you tell the truth.
Kind, cute, loving
he even looks better by the end of my glass.
ok, for non-geeks, what is CDVIII???
There should be no school on Halloween!
“: That awkward moment when you're drunk & automatically become an amazing dancer. #ThingsIDoWhenImDrunk” <--
when the times is hard,i'll be around imma hold it down
I'm rolling thru La Mesa from Fresh&Easy and I see my neighbor with a sign in his yard.. I need to get me one..
Bunk strike zone. Hope our shit is like that too
my name on standgrand is geeiconic LOL JK it wont let me go on F THE INTERNET
Vegetarian and vegan are ancient words for bad hunter and bad fisherman
Beautiful night outside. I'm blessed to be alive and well, praise the Lord!
#Follow & #Travel! The finest #Hotels in #NewMexico & more!
Aww/ you spoke at my pal's graduation on Saturday- she and others said you were the best speaker they've ever seen. :)
"Good Afternoon America, how are you? Don't you know me? I'm your native son!"
They can because they think they can.
Jeff McDonald: Daniel Chong was handcuffed the entire time in DEA custody and probably spent entire weekend in darkness.
Enjoying the beautiful day. The harvest continues!
Expectations means dreaming big!! Do not limit God because of what your past experiences have been, or based on what others may say.
I didn't know was on twitter!
I have the need to do something drastic, take a huge risk, upset convention, do something unexpected! I am in a RUT!
great fight can't wait for the others tonight!!
It’s a beautiful day for a drive, isn’t it?
Thank you so much for the Yin and ayurvedic yoga sessions on
yeah I meant concussion wise. I think he looks good, maybe needs a speedy receiver to be picked up in the draft
brb losing 20kg for when one direction come back.
I agree..just another app to occupy my day...thats the last thing I needed
I wish
pace definitely slogs around then, but I don't think it ruins it. I had a good time with the movie.
As contributors to social media, it is our responsibility to protect the reputations of our friends. Be careful what you post.
Ballester real good right now!
yours will come out nice. Sound like you've done ur research
im I'm east lib at my cuzzin house
impressive and nice profile pic, btw : )
WOW look at the results from South Carolina. Obama wins with the GOP in a mess.
Have you received your additional discount coupon yet?! Text PROM to 313131 now! (*standard msg/data rates may apply)
Hi everyone, remember it's Day LIght Savings tomorrow! Make sure your DVR has been set to update for the Day Light Savings time change!
Ira Glass redeemed himself with a great show about lobbying, $ & SuperPACs. U.S. congressmen & women spend time raising $, not governing.
Streamers dropped from the ceiling in VICTORY! Go #Blazers we are
I'll say this much: it's been an interesting week for Hil(l)ary's in Washington.
Just me, keesha and some good tunes... Oh how I've missed you!
Greenpeace&#39;s Sign to Amazon, Microsoft: &#39;How Clean Is Your Cloud?&#39;
who's ready for funday Sunday???? I AM!
RT Oh you like bacon? That puts you in an exclusive club called everyone.
Nowadays, I wish just one thing would run smoothly for me.
Imagine for yourself a character, a model personality, whose example you determine to follow, in private as well as in public
we'll play later this week, i got a bunch of lawns today and tomorrow
So here is what i dont get about the Trayvon Martin case - whatever happened to innocent until proven guilty?
I think your acct got hacked.
Canfield silences the crowd with completion to James Rodgers
Just invited to watch the Avengers with me Sat. afternoon. since he is in NY. Can hurt to ask, no?
Wow, over a 1000 people Thank You!!! Everyone.
The event is from 2 to 11, We go on at 3PM.
No moving necessary! Remind me to message you about it later - off for a celebratory beer for now!
can I borrow the first book of Game of Thrones from you?
Test post
Jennifer Lopez Leaving 'American Idol'? via
Gn Twitter and FB friends/fans!!
My whole life had changed since you came in , I knew back then . . .
seriously. when can i see you?
RT: u put in work lil man...Keep it up!<--I thought #sproles was the lil man, lol...PT was in #beastmode though!
: You should come to Amped Up!
oh but from the bits and pieces i've seen, i've decided Avatar makes me uncomfortable.
Advice:take a nap. Eat a good meal. Refresh the brain and body-go study at 3.
now dats a beautiful cute sexy smile...
RT Careers take growth. Consistent work over time will lead to the realization of career potential.
"All good books have one thing in common - they are truer than if they had really happened."
can i go with you ?:) x
talm 'bout a world where all is free...just couldn't be...only a fool would say that
Doing my unique dance squirmy thing *giggle*
#IWishYouKnew that I freaking hate you
Follow back!
I'm afraid I ha to unfollow u
With a right person, even a simple song will turn into a beautiful melody
just sent the boy. He loved it!
You know how it is BigFella...You either win or you loose. Crying about Bad beats isn't going to get you a discount. GL today!
or follow the link for instructions
You scared me.. I felt so bad, I thought your birthday was today and I didn't wish you a happy birthday! I almost cried!
what?? Guess I know where I'm headed today!!
The 80's had the best music.
A little girl just screamed "you're pretty!!" at me
slightly afraid of the vocabulary that bird is going to learn.
It ain't raining down here yet but looks real suspect to...
80's nostalgia, underdog action and pure apocalyptic fun - Ready Player One by Ernest Cline.
Message to Rick Santorum: It's impossible to ban porn without banning the internet first, good luck with that.
My beautiful twin boys turned 25 yesterday:)
Happy Holidays all!
Saw a car take out the front end of an SUV as he pulled out from a parallel spot and somehow lost my bus $ making sure they were ok.>:(
": Shout out to thanks for following"Your Welcome #TeamFollowBack.!! <3 :)
I've only been to one show which was in RI in Feb. 2011. My favorite song is 4:59 :)
Do it for your relationship but more importantly, do it for you
gotta agrEe with u there!
Do work son!
A person who consistently worries about someone else is what you call a certified hater aahahaha :-)
where you goin!?? :o
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards
The answer to yesterday's word of the day is, bereaved.
I’ve been a bit too vigilant about cleaning my ears. Luckily the clinic at WalMart cleaned out the wax quickly and inexpensively!
The greatest barrier to success is the fear of failure.
I take it back. Do it. I am now an enabler! MAKE ALL OF THE MINIS!
Nice to see the Redbirds retire The Genius' No. 10... equally nice to see that LaRussa and Eckersley still have uniformly brown hair lol
follow back
tonight!!!!!!! gonna be one amaazing night
RT : Does this mean Jim #Irsay gets to collect the leftover #Saints bounty money from the Super Bowl?
Anyone else tired of the rain yet? 😒
#ReplaceBandNamesWithBacon "Big Time Bacon"
if I'm sweet then you must be amazingly sweet ;) #DontDeny♥
you guys gave out bebos number!
Greg Monroe, Luis Scola, Lou Williams, Andrea Bargnarni, JCrossovers Tat artist
I'm not the one making absolute statements, comrade.
I told you... I like squares. ;p
Is he reversing what MLK Jr did?
go brewers!
Walking by a campus tour, better tuck my shirt in.
I'm cool with that :)
: Remember to call your Mom tomorrow, because I can tell you that you'll feel bad when you're no longer able to. +1
has more maids there to take care of all his kids. They don't pay taxes in NH.
Looks like & I arrived at in Boise just in time to catch an amazing set from
THANK YOU! I appreciate it!!
high afffff but not as bad as lmao
Landed in Columbus
I've been at #MDC north for no longer than 2 minutes. The things here are..well interesting to say the least
Had to sneak out. Sorry we missed each other!
A BtoB magazine poll shows that 62% of marketers are either increasing or maintaining their event marketing budgets for 2012.
#SFOutsideLands - This #EarlyBird caught a worm in '12. Love my annual pilgrimage to my #birthplace on my #birthday. Haven't missed one yet.
Whoa, I only just updated Google Plus iPhone app…pretty slick
Volunteers are needed Sat 5/5 at Coventry PEACE Park cleanup. 10-2 rain or shine.
Great day for spa services! Add a pedicure to any service for only $30! (usually $75)
“ “ The Six W's: Work will win when wishing won't...””
I got a meeting already scheduled for today, dm me your number though we can talk more
“: You can achieve ANYTHING u put your mind to if u put in enough effort, passion and determination. #PushThrough #TDL”
Be nice to me Dylio
Wait, did really tweet that? So very much dumber than advertised.
I don't think I can it has to be near Chicago IL my mom is not gonna bring me all the way over there
I'm so ready to start playing drums again....
Would love to read more about your motherhood journey Both to debunk myths re:Black fams and...
We are excited about our new products from
: he's repenting for his sins....unlike you....now go back to the sinners side of the bench!!
Thanks for the mention! Dr. Doggett does a lot of great work in our community and state.
What an incredible day - I have to remember, even at 35, I still need to be mentored. Meaningful mentorship & education are keys to success.
is amazing.
Bitches they come they go.
I'm trying tell the truth but I know the price is my life
Cannot wait till tonight I'll post pics later
Just shut up.
I just got really drunk and hid my credit cards around the house so I couldn't find them... Voila! No more spending.
“: Happy to be playing with our friends and at the Avalon in Santa Clara. March 22.”
“ I got Ohio State by 5...” as a #Kubball fan thanks for saying that and locking up the win for us
Fare enough :)
TRUE LOVE Means:To FEEL someone in every HEARTBEAT, To FIND someone in every THOUGHT, To SEE someone with CLOSED EYES
Relaxing to Boz Scaggs 'Speak Low' on LP. Something cool about having to get up and flip the record.
Pshh you know im a yanks fan at heart! RT : Yeah its your braves fault... Out are you a yanks fan now? Or cardinals?
I wish someone would devise some sort of contraption for keeping track of engagements.
every cent counts ;)
Informed guess - based on Nobel laureates I know at UMD. I blame my dad for this mostly-useless knowledge.
Agreed. I think programming should fill high school foreign language requirements.
Laying In My Bed
When the postmaster stopped riding his then necessary horse to bring you the mail: that's when postal services should have been privatized.
2012 Resolution #10: Recognize and overcome you own cognitive bias.
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please Baby
"Collect Gold Coins to unlock branches of the Federal Reserve where you defeat bosses and progress your quest to end the Federal Reserve."
Out to dinner with Alejandro, William, and my beautiful mother for the last time in a while. At least I'll have a home in New York City =)
So what is 7013?
Get rid of that old acoustic ceiling, then add some crown moulding.At Mr.D's we can do both and chances are you can get the crown for free !
Learning priceless stories. How "lickity brindle up the middle" originated! His thoughts on the "dirtiest" player he ever saw.
I got the same e-mail today as well : ))
Movies With Nina Tonight >>>>>>
so true
#IGetJealousOf people who get to meet Cody.
Lmao okay x
till what?
one girl, that i have had feelings for, for the longest time. doesn't feel the same. kill me where i stand.
Bryz is finally standing on his head! Flyers could easily be down 5 goals.
I was wondering if someone would step in on behalf of Ron. I'm extra happy considering your political pref.
When people play with my hair I'm like ----> -.o
New Jersey Nets at Milwaukee Bucks tip-off at 8:30 PM ET #nets #bucks #nba (Follow )
If you are in Nashville and really want to treat yourself today, Puckett's downtown has brisket.
thanks! Great to hear that you enjoyed the preso.
I try too, I don't get a chance because I have classes and homework and shit. End of the semester ill be on alot again
do u have a # I can hit u up @
or whether or not they can get hired at Cinnabon.
Marina Wilbur: Dancer, instructor left her footprints in many ballrooms
Good luck with your session
Rise and shine
part of me is a Vintage brand seltzer diehard, but soda stream is still fantastic
mine too
We're just ordinary people.
i'm feelin' this starks fella.
Rule 7 - plan, plan, plan some more. Have contingency plans, plan for bad stuff too. Cardinal Rule from ,
yep! They were on clearance too for $2 a pack! I restrung my guitar and broke a G the same night at our show
aww thank you!!:-)
I completely agree. Still reveling!
Oh, and there is no way they replace
nigga u wanna talk about my moms? But last time I said anything about ya moms u flashed out. U not real
Awesome meeting last night at ABC Toastmasters. Congratulations to all the newly elected officers of Toastmasters of the coming year...
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME [: I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!! & MY FRIEND :] THANKS AUSTIN! XO
Love your Twitter profile pic!
#smwhearst #smw12 & K Alford serving delicious tips at In the Twitter Kitchen: A Cookie Bake-off
“: you mad bro? You shouldn't speak to your role model like that” paul STFU
IT'S THE BEST!
Take a look through my "following" list. See if anyone's description intriques you.
they gone get sick of me lol but oh well!! add & Bobby V's new artist
What a good run for For all the negative energy from the media he stuck it out for the cameras.
Sexting my girlfriend in statistics class
I can't believe made me watch such a terrible movie.
thanks for the follow. Though I don't live in Atlanta, I'm a big supporter of local. (Went to Vortex & D.B.A on #BizzyTour)
I am struck when I meet people who have no clue or are blind to struggling people; they are called Congress.
You're welcome, Rich. That's what I'm here for! :-)
I love the scent of burning white sage :)
Ready for some #Blackhawks playoff action! Toews is back and feeling great. Good start. Go Hawks!
Well this really sucks! I have a cold! :'(
is it Alex Morgan?
thats cool, u gotta sexy voice. everyone loves to hear it lol
Anyone need headphones?
Tonight's James Madison Park forecast: mostly frisbee with a 100% chance of flippy floppies
Afternoon run was derailed by nausea. Walked the last 1.5 miles home. :(
Wtf do yall be saying in ur tweets???? Proofread ur tweet before you send it..
lmao he never talks about weird shit in our class...I half wish he would lol better than what I have to sit through
Enjoyed "Can't Find My Way Home (Live From Madison Square Garden)" by Eric Clapton & Steve Winwood on Pandora
#stopkony 3 years ago I coached a famous actress for a film about the monster. Shame the film didn't get made.
cant wait to see you guys in action next year
gotta agree with that sarcasm.
is that 7pm EST & do we need to register online to participate in the call?
why would that be rude! It really depends on what you are looking for in terms of space.
#iswabbedforamit ...and you should too. Bring your South Asians down to Project One now!
Watching tom and jerry everyday after school
NEW DIRECTIONS!!!!
Sprint and I just broke up. I'll never doubt you again, Verizon.
#ff to every single person involved with #uwsocial and #smbmad! (It's like an Oscar speech ... you know who you are)
Sweet Baby Beyonce, we've finally arrived in Asheville!
Good morning mr smith is in the building #kanye flow
thanks for the follow!
Annoying things about womanhood: plucking your eyebrows and there is a stubborn hair you just can't get with the tweezers
Busy's great. She knows how to walk the fine line of commiting and overcommiting to material.
Show de carnes.
My nickname according to Dustin is "Monkey" now -.-
I don't wear a tie but they say i live a boss life
went riding today with friends... awesome time in the sun! =) <3 Summer time is coming finally!!!
You are very kind. He was honorable, beloved by his wife & sons, and well respected. All that a man can hope for in life.
Fox should sign off their broadcasts with "I am Mitt Romney and I approve this broadcast"
deepthroat down riverside sparkin up the hashish mindfuck the lil smut scene in the backseat
On the way to dinner :)
&&' again he goes back to the rude ass he always was :/
this world is ruthless watch the ones closes to u
Heading home for a few moments then off to Holts and Mecca (Total Wine and More). Fun times :-)
#trollsohard #rangers RT : Did someone forget to tell the Detroit Tigers they had a baseball game tonight?
Happy birthday!! Hope it's fabulous! :)
New STEM school in Champaign-Urbana. Spaces flow - so now circulation spaces. Here you learn in any space within the building.
lightning like crazy!!!!
I hate it when I overwater the little plant and it pees all over the table.
If u make sure u hit up #RestlessRascals & check it out
My presenter for the second break out session referenced [title of show] and talked about vamping. Awesome.
you're welcome! Enjoy! :)
best part of the show was
what does that mean? RT : Just got into a taxi in Chicago and it's a "London" cab
Anyone wanna pracc on US while EU is down?
I checked around to see if Family Guy is on the market yet. Sorry to tell you it is not. But I'll keep searching. Tweet ASAP
"Cry alone, I've gone away No more nights, no more pain I've gone alone, took all my strength I've made the change, I won't see you tonight"
its pathetic tht u get a note in ur bag saying a bunch of sh*t like omg kayla go back with chris ur a whore ... seriously grow up
Ah bummer. Yeah things are well. I was just hoping to see you before you got super crazy shooting your pilot!
Still struggling with a title...
used to be one of my favorite series... now I need to go back an reread alot of them...
go follow my bestfriend for a flirty dm from me! so, tweet me 'aye' when you did so i know! :) ♥
All you gotta do is put a drink in my hand
Extremely annoyed
Omg i m so happy followed me :D
hi brother!!!
Today is brew with the brewer! Come on down!
My add was so controversial I didn't even bother to start a company.
Any big Entertainment News or Gossip Stories you plan on Writing about at your Blog at "The Huffington Post" on Monday?
*People speaking a different language* They're obviously talking about me
sneezing is so painful when there is a baby inside of you.
whatcha got on phone #.... Hey Nerlens she likes cupcakes and marmalade jam
So excited to go to Topsail Island this weekend! Has anyone been there? Its on the N.C. coast!
A2: SF Giants, Cleveland Indians, Golden State Warriors & Phoenix Suns get a 10 IMO.
finally finished consolidating my song list for my set, looking forward to practicing with tomorrow!
same hearing lemonade mouth
The real meaning of enlightenment is to gaze with undimmed eyes on all darknesses. -Kazantzakis
I'm right here!! Hey ^_^ RT Where my cute homie at....havent seen her tweet today
Investors dumping Japanese co stocks- just when they need help- #capitalism =
Welcome to twitter! Thx for follow! Miss you.
you shut it, oh they notice, they notice
Thanks for following, gorgeous! I can't wait to meet you in Chicago!
#shoutout my new followers thank you!!!! #yngsquad #teamfollowback get down wit us!!!
thanks—anytime man!
pshhhh heck Yeah!
Thank you Joe. For being a respectful #RedSox fan.
Ladies and Gentlemen, may I present to you my fan page, where I shall post all work related news FIRST! So please "LIKE" It ! XO J...
banana!!! Thomas wheat thins, with just fruit..and an egg (scrambled)
Drunk at the Roosevelt ;) nothing better
I want to go! #MATAFestival - Apr 17-20 includes performances by QNG - Quartet New Generation, , ,
Update: Doc's Assit came out & now lil man has 2 have 3 teeth pulled & spacers put in, said he should feel a lot better:-)
Boy meets world at 7am #oldschool :P
going on my telephone
thanks babe:)
RT : More than 2.2 million Americans have this painless eye disease that is a leading cause of blindness in the US...
Depo'ing away in the valley
Change layout of the screen to keep participants engaged and change it up
“: Smfh!! Lmaooooo I wanna see him though!! But NOT on his terms....on mine!! #Imrunningshit” duuuuhhhh. Lol
and I seen that coming.!
Quote of the night: "There's a lot of Jewish people here tonight. You're either going to get this or not."
dis main said jordan scored 81 points
A6 Mktg needs to get better at feeding the management dashboard—focus on contributions to revenue and profit
thanks Jon
. says Facebook is the size of the web in 2004. That's perspective.
Lazy day. Time for work :)
"Into The Wild" is my favorite drinking alone song. Just in case you were wondering...
i am done with facebook now i am checking myspace.....
I'm still drunk from last night.
Heartbeat bill passes the #Ohio House on a vote of 54-43. FUCK that! I had no idea I could go back in time w/out a DeLorean. Shame on #GOP!
Now I remember how I become so fiercely independent. My mother used to promise and forget to sign field trip permission slips. Never changed
If U Need More Info Re Our Tweets, Please Dont Hesitate 2 Ask. Mobile Adventurer.
Just woke up
it's been a while since I've updated my iPhone. any new iPhone apps you would recommend?
Some of you may need a reminder that George Harrison was fucking awesome. So there it is. I'm glad I could be of service. 🎸
It was an epic sundae mashup, even on a rainy day. - I can't wait for summer!
i'm over these playoff refs.
40 Food Trucks battling for 5 awards, live music, silent auction, game truck and much more. Oviedo Mall Noon to 6pm.
they expected an Angie Martinez imitator to show up...I grew up in FL in an affluent neighborhood so don't have an accent...
ITS LIVE!!!! Checkout the new ReadPrint.com -- Over 8,000 online books by 3,500 famous authors at your fingertips!
I don't wanna brag, but ill be the best you ever have ....
Bowtie! RT : To Tie or To BowTie?? That is the Question.
They just played sweet Caroline at the baseball game.
About an hour and a half to coach bus liberty? I hope so.
Why are there so many haters get your weight up then holla at me.Bitch
haha I followed you.....doing the stalker. Haha jk.
Depends. "Needless words" is subjective. I think some of the writer's edits weakened the piece.
yes, the gallery walk rules... Especially that one!
ESPN MIKE AND MIKE
good for you. Still pisses me off to no end, haha.
Well just had an aud for "chevron" today. Fingers crossed and lets hope I book it.
": Discipline is remembering what you want. - David Campbell #quotes #quote"
I say our starters don’t shake his hand
I'll treat you better than your ex,make you forget about the rest,&never worry about the next,I'll show you the real definition of the best.
We have a awesome NEW MENU COMING SOON! As a follower you'll be the 1st to know what's on it!
GHS at Acad Super Bowl so far FA team 3rd, Soc St 3rd, Math 2nd in class 3. Scores likely not good enough to adv to state. Eng team on now.
Good one: Regarding Henry V
Thanks for the retweet-you are a winner! I just need your address and I'll send the flash drive out right away!
ACRL's summary of Midwinter update on the Value of Academic Libraries project, 2nd IMLS grant to submit in Feb; thoughts?...
I think you bring up an excellent point, southern.
Lucky you! Hope you're having a blast! I'm going to make it there one of these days.
Best No Libs quote to date tonight: "This isn't like Fishtown, Chad. This is a community."
Great. A lizard tail is now lost in my couch.
Fear not, New Mexicans! I have ordered another batch of off-air antennae. Hold out for a couple of days. I've got your fix! Call 350-6428
a week without social media. I survive! :)
lol that is an option
making your way into Mordor to deal with that whole ring issue
no one in their right mind is taking a fight at this hour.......
Everyday is a day ON! Preperation and planning is key to making a diet successful:
good morning! have a great pre-friday!
niggaz need to stop being so fucking its bout to 2012 cut that out
Reminded tonight how my dad impacted my life in such a great way! Hope to touch just a portion of the lives he did!
I feel it..I've been laying downs a few lines here and there lol def gotta get u on some stuff in the near future!
being at school from 8AM - 5PM <<<
We are so excited to see !
I'm Finna go cry in the bathroom
ya so I can finally get a fucking divorce
I Want To Win peoples hearts to not get any hate towards me :( i am very hated Idk y :(
Dress check Shoes check Hair done Nails done
That's honesty right there RT : RT : I can't wait for this season to be over so I can get back to killing hookers
Life beats down and crushes the soul, but music reminds you that you have one
Damn, I didn't realize having a jackhammer and sledgehammer going 10ft away for an entire day would cause me to have a headache today...hm
The bf is pissy, which is bad, but he is the only person I have to talk to so it looks like silence tonight.. :(
Its a hard knock life for us .
Yep. The early 90s html distracts from the fact there's good research material there.
no not yet. But I'm going to eventually
good thing you didnt go with the other guys brake pads
I say nay. Not even for the violence, but for the subtleties -- miss those, and it's a book about kids killing kids.
you a senior or junior ?
So in my Jesus-Burger commercial, will sit on the toilet, eating a Jesus Burger, looking at the Christ Face on the patty...
I call not moving your bed downstairs... that railing is a biotch.
You better I can't handle the separation!
First 4 Nigerian families get $175,000 in #Pfizer funds after case tied to testing experimental antibiotic Trovan on children
Yes. Michael bachelier is my facebook name
My law school crush is graduating this semester. Whatever will I do without his handsome face here next year?
The wind is unbelievable!! My dog is on high alert with all the crazy sounds it's causing!!
RT : I know a lot of you guys' daily routine because of twitter
Damn, I want a guy to sing to me like that. Hell, that man's voice was amazing.
#ThingsThatPissGirlsOff when you call them fat, make them pay for themselves on a date, look at other girls, dissagree with them.
they just pissed me off!
He is so hot.
chocolate eyes
Open Bar, Fly Honey's, Major Playerz, this evening can be a big blessing from many angles
RT : Poison singer Bret Michaels, contestant on 'Celebrity Apprentice,' in intensive care after brain hemorrhage
it's fine now:)
Super amped about this summer!! God just continues to work in my favor
After all the things we've been through..
121,791 on stars at 10:30pm est. Yikes. I wish i could be one of those tho.
never say never justin bieber... lmao how many days have i been messing with u lmao
It looks really nice!
Sneaking an assortment of nips into the hs western maine finals with wait is it 2012 or 2006?
could be a sesame street character. count dracula could be his stage name.
Gene Nelson on for Rodriguez and strikes out Sveum to finish the top of the 4th. Brewers lead 5-3!
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life. ~ Winston Churchill
keepin it real since 1990. EST forever.
I would also add and to the list.
ALERT: the tram waits 4 no 1! RT : dang usc shuttle bus left me right as i was getting to it despite my yells & waves to stop.
Our day just got even better thanks to ! Thanks for your help :)
Power up - nap over
Why is the market acting like it cant download more than one app at a time
Hm.....I'm thinking #SportingKC would've gotten a straight red for that.
Congratulations to and Shefali on the birth of their daughter!
CO Senate Approps Comm has just voted unanimously to kill HB1069, the proposed back-to-school sales tax holiday.
I knoww (39 minutess) *tear* and that face again? Lol, atleast you used it at the appropiate time this time though
thanks for the follow!
As a Badger on the verge of graduating, this #UWRightNow project definitely brings up many fond memories & even adds a few to the to-do list
That awkward moment when Bruno Mars can’t catch the Grenade for you, because he’s having a “Lazy Day."
but the real criminals *were* collars and ties. that's why I go shirtless. but I'll wear a wife-beater on special occasions.
I took her for sushi, she wanted to fuck, so we took it to go told them don't even plate it
Driver License renewal at 69 W Washington this morning at 8:30 took 5 minutes flat w/ eye exam and new pic. SecOfState FTW!
Long nail and work! Don't fucking work!
Freakn angel,hes hella stupid lol.Man i didnt no all of them missed me this week.
casually waiting to see if you pop up in my followers list, cause i know it'll never happen :/
Raining in the county..
If you can say it behind my back or on the internet, you should be able to say it to my face.
Happiest of Birthdays to fearless leader of and
Haha. What stories??
Aw. Was there a particular story/image that did it?
I don't remember her writing lyrics in the studio I don't remember her writing lyrics in the studio*Rick Ross voice*
sandwich planning, grocery shopping, and food prepping is pretty much all I did yesterday!
nope, write as many dirty words as you like.
Use an IM widget on your 404 pages to direct users to YOU.
Herman Cain is a hot mess
Woo-hoo! I'll be traveling a lot to Colombia starting in Sept. So Dale! RT : bueno.....estoy ready para next year!!
If you like Ke$ha's music, you should check out Breathe Carolina's new album, Hell Is What You Make It! :)
who just felt tht EARTHQUAKE!!!
very nice
i have a grand total of 2 phx fans on my timeline
M yep I really should it might look GREAT on me :) thanks
You know what's missing? All the hunks.
Sounds cool! Thanks for the info and idea.
Please DO NOT foget the kids out there that can not change their situation. They are in the situation they are in, not by choice! GOD bless
I tried looking in the help but had trouble finding info on merging Numbers and Pages data, sorry.
#Glad to see you're so #popular on #twitter, Mark. Keep up the #good #work. We're #happy to be #publishing WHAT BEAUTY in March
So, hey, how about those Twins?
INCREDIBLY inspiring speech by !
Just wrapped work on another film! Details soonish - heading into the mixing sessions this week.
..if i don't get married be the age 25 , will someone put me down (kill me)
Out in the mindless void the daemon bore me... Till neither time nor matter stretched before me, But only Chaos, without form or place.
I sat up front yesterday at #barcamporlando #brevard needs a social event! We have 30 web devs looking for jobs.
It's Thursday Night--start the weekend early by stopping in after work for Happy Hour until 7PM--$1 off all Pints & $2 off rail drinks!!
Stay focused on what is important. The race is not necessarily to the swift.
Thanks, Jen! :D
Woah o.O You Livee In Germany.. That's Cool(: I Always Wanted To Go To Germany!(:
Good job Grant!
Let's go kings!!
hey go girl lol girls day to get pretty?????
that's why i'm trying to find a car, hah.
GiAnTs WiN Woo!!!
i don't feel good at all, like both physically and emotionally
If u cant hit me up before 10pm dnt hit me up period. Cuz this aint that!!
NO I DIDN'T YOU FAGG0T
Flies be trollin' in the deep. xD I think they hide in my posters or something and appear when I least want them.
I was at the artisan doughnut saloon and i realised my life is a little too much like Portlandia
I need fewer feelings.
Running for a Cause: Top 10 Accessories for Any Runner - Yahoo! Sports
Heard at the LMA conf: LinkedIn is a great way to rekindle a professional relationship. Who will you link with today?
That's a nice place. While you're at it, why not check out just a few blocks down? :-)
sit back sit back its the pregame show DADDY! you know whats up
Science Museum not an original idea today.
Don't think because you choose God everything is going to be perfect.God had haters too!So expect opposition,but know He'll see you through.
April 2: NACUBO, CSHEMA, & NACUA webinar: "Lab Accidents in the News: Institutional and Individual Risks, Roles and Responsibilities"
I am feeling great today and happy birthday to love ya buddyy
Tee hee LOVED THE RANT :P I'm A #Hufflepuff and I freaking love you <7 MAGICAL LOVE
I guess I can't trip bc I do the same thing
Finding out 30 minutes with someone new changes perspective on 7 months of wasting your time.
Austin, if I was your girlfriend id never let you go (; hehe. jk <3
The Hunger Games comes out soon!!
Keep sending those #FREE drinks folks! Still more time! and just in time for #Happyhour! #Bartab to the rescue!
I love it when you call me big popppa.
thanks for live tweeting the #NAEH12 Conference to #endhomelessness. sounded like a great conference.
the cribbo out in the colony bro bro.
Happy Amy Adams is a Terrible Actress Day!
I know you did! I already have my midnight ticket!!!!
Gabon, Botswana, Tunisia, and Kenya lead the way in mobile penetration in Africa
Headed to Lady Bird Lake to watch the Winter Warrior! Chilly temps but clear skies
Congrats! And how cool to get it right from the workshop!
I don't wanna get rid of my kitty :(
Never say more than is necessary. Richard Brinsley Sheridan
jet ski'n with the ill'est of visions... sean kingston EAT MY DUST!
Oh boy! Here we go!
hit my email fam
hope you had a lovely day off :)x
i'm playing the blackbird next fri, aug 28. who's in???
you rocked worship at staff meeting Tuesday!
Attic show. Always cool.
I sure do love me some Art Deco!!!
Just got word from the hubby that Bottles of Bohemia just $2 all day today. It's also music nite w/ Whoo Hoo! Join us.
Haha! Oh, you know, just got a few stitches and all. No big deal.
Mizzou's Kim English just said "Come on, Joe Lunardi, give us a number 1 seed--no conference losses". I agree.
not as often.
Middle of the night drinking alkaline water, listening to rain. A water sign with water thoughts
why do we say something is "out of whack"? so if something is normal, is it "in whack"?
God's morning tweeps! ROLL CALL!
French teacher going hard body on me wtf just cause im talking I get a 45? Ok lesbian looking dwarf im gonna shit bricks on you.
that was a nice moment
sounds like a VIBRANT opportunity!!!
im shy too but sometimes you just have to try..
Those interested in comics and computerishness might be interested in the comic markup language from
MENTION ME I LOVE U
Hey, it"s #Cavs vs #Nets ... we'll just be happy if Humphries doesn't go for 28/15...
The rain helps me fall asleep.
hes probably going alone to get pizza anyways lol!!
My girlfriend makes me happy (:
Dry head that's that shit i don't like
BTW, if you were curious what spurred that, I needed to comment "The chickadee is the hibernal form of the phoenix."
ACTION ALERT UPDATE: City Council vote on Responsible Bidder ordinance tomorrow is POSTPONED. The demonstration will be rescheduled.
i love when people say things like, "your going to be famous one day..watch" or "i can picture you on a huge stage performing" c: <33
Happy Mothers day to everybody's mom & mine!! (: <3
GoodNight All :-)
Avishai Cohen – Seven Seas or Adam Rogers – Art Of The Invisible can't choose what to listen to today...
Wish we had known we didn't have a first period today...
Where the fuck is my bookbag??
lmfao! we need to get a pic like that to make lurry official
girl i been tweeting yuu!! LOL
have had timeline since sept and I love it. It's great, organized & i love being able to find stuff from 3 years ago. love it
Opted out of the creepy-naked-pictures-of-me-technology & had a really nice time w/ the TSA lady. In fact, all the TSA were chipper today.
SWAG= She Wants A Gentleman! :-)
GLAD you not in the childish mess this season. Stay on the outside and allow the children play on the field.
Oh Baby Oh Yeah Yeah Aww Talk Back Hand Ups Radio On With My GirlFriend Just Us Playing Our Song. Then Yeah aint nothing like a summertime
Wow ! Tell it like it is!
Hear the world around you / without identifying sources. // Free from names, sounds reveal mystery.
Tonight playing at Trumpets-NJ with Dean Johnson on bass and Winard Harper-drums Shows at 8 pm and 10
LOL so true. one's saltyness creates some great euphoria for the Opponent
Follow me :-)
So very very tired of snow!!! Get me out of OHIO!!
Thanks guys, You're the best! XOXO Krisondra
Stuck in gym with le twats 8D I hope I dont get hit by a basketball
WOW what a crazy morning at Filene's Basement - RUnning of the Brides! If you missed me, mention this tweet to 4 promo
Happy hump day & thanks gorgeous new followers
Great Lakes history, Detroit as a maritime city, Louis XIV's swag, and Detroit's native Indian community.
Too bad Vin Diesel is a queer dibb, and Ice cubes shot cops before
Rock on!
Exactly! RT : Users care—they just care that it works, not HOW it works.
I lobbied for Nina Dobrev; I think I got her about 1000 votes!.. She's all around awesome! :)
that's comedy! Jimmy is an abstract dude. How does a cat like that go on survivor?
lmao naw I'm talking about black ppl cornbread lol
Arary McGowan (Arary_McGowan) Thanks for the follow. DM me for a free #60secondShirtShop (lite) we love our followers!
I'm told that too sometimes, but what those people don't know is that I judge them for having messy offices.
Haven't had this much fun in a long time - really has his undies in a bunch now!
totally agree we need the younger voice the old guard needs to go
u go to sleep
India reports first cases of "total drug-resistant tuberculosis"
Crystal made her instagram name cool7787
married to the mob, <--yuuuppp
Can't wait to go home and nap
I like Juan Williams-but he's wrng to see Gingrich's debate answer as about race-young folks need to start at low jobs to appre.better ones.
My take on the latest Transformers movie: So bad on so many levels...I just can't get it out of my head.
Going to sleep. I'm tired as fuck.
ugh idk how to work this :/ i feel dumb....
My bestfriend said she loves seeing me happy. That's a true friend.
For the 10:30 PM show at Comic Strip Live NYC, coming to the stage: Modi
RT : hey did a sports thing happen
NIGHTMARE ALLEY explains why magicians are always men -- women brought up to call attention to themselves, so misdirection effects unnatural
ay shauty, will you go to da bauder senior fashion show wit me
Yes! Love 's work and also supporter of and the #nomadness #travel tribe
what did they put you in? Lol(:
I WANT ONE.
Hey, nothing much, and what about you
How do eels get around the seabed? They go by octobus.
So true...but that's the problem with most of the places I go to.
#FF Follow me
yep. We all got student tickets. Currently @ Pickels watching her down a quesadilla. I'm holding out 4 stuggys
NO NO! I'm getting her first! 😁
Football is a violent game, and the NFL has always had trouble finding the line between how much violence is too much.
Thank you! Big hugs!
Love it when the girls who know the least about me have the most to say, and better yet, they are girls who are ugly inside and out! lol
Can you submit your event form & we'll help promote it on FB/Twitter.
I don't understand sushi, the most trendy food ever created. it IS interesting and pretty but ugh!..it's raw fish and seaweed!!
Happy first day of Spring! The weather will start warming up!
Just back from dinner at the best Mexican restaurant in Corvallis - so nice it's walking distance!
that's really just not okay to say out loud...
once upon a time there was a boy and a girl who thought they knew everything about this world!
Men Using Kazakh Flag to Collect Trash May Face Jail
Thank you for following! ♥Bretana♥
#childishgambino Believe the Hype!
quit smoking weed and getting drunk and STUDY! and maybe it wouldn't be so bad JON JON!
'Don't call me sir, call me survivor' lil Wayne
Enjoyed "Redneck Meskin Boy" by Little Joe & La Familia on Pandora
You have to decide to change your life. You are worth it! You'll be able to fit into chairs!
Yep! I'm a Yankee.
; like why can't i hold conversations or crack funnies w/ people via twitter!? Isnt it what's its for right! it is an social network.
I have it - very good just need to know your cable co. Acct #
will do!
RT : “ I don't need you. Remember that bitch.”
Agreed, employees are participating with or without firm. How we can encourage more to join in?
Note to the person I just unfollowed. Making rape jokes about a basketball game sucks. Rape is never an OK punchline.
Catch My Words: #GBE2 : Parody
Amen. RT : reaching out to me isn't a bad start but it's gonna take a lot more than that to be cool.
Turned in my MA thesis proposal last night...just waiting to hear...
I don't like rap :p but where in Cali did you visit?
Today is a Busyy ass day, just sittin at the crib writing music all day.
#BTRtour WHAT THEM TOUR DATES B LIKE
You complain so much , I'm pretty sure no one cares !
takin' me back in time. Just heard Posse on Broadway on the streets of
thanks for the RT. We really appreciate it.
Mother Day we're eating at the Hibachi Grill in West St Paul. Asian might not be your usual mommy day treat but we like it
Our pleasure. What a terrific project!
No problem ma, I really do love your album
People who live in the moment >>>
Dye the whole thing a different color! Okay, maybe that's not the first option.
what u doing?
I'm great, just really hot haha. Wanted to say bc you seemed cool :-)
What you feed gets bigger. Are you feeding negative thoughts? Or are you feeding love, joy, and peace?
i do plan on breeding wolf dogs in the future....
Candice has been getting ready for a damn hour now & I gotta meet with my advisor before 5:15 😡
Thanks for the kudos! Cheers!
I need to create a gala. This mothas have MONEY!
God allows bad things 2happen 2 good people? Look, there has only been ONE good person and what "bad" happened to him I caused. He is Jesus
The Universe gets big and beautiful the day you realize you're not the center of it! - DM
If you love me love me unconditional (Future Voice)
cool. Gotta get me one!
The interest on them is generally tax-deductible, as well
O___O it's my birthday
RT : Knicks are undefeated in this year's playoffs when Albert Pujols hits a home run!
Happy cinco de mayo me and my mom are both blacked in different bars it's the shit
oh ok. But then dress cool. Or somethin like that for the party if there is guna be onee
Leave it up to to pull off a kick-ass theme song.
yeah that sounds like every wild fan good catch man
hahaha, thats funny! :) i would totally say something like that. A lot of my friends dont like him :( it makes me sad
Ditto! RT : Thank you for responding. I hope national will not allow women to be treated like this in our own or ...
Thank you for being hilarious & entertaining!
best song ever!
Its a celebration bitches!!
Dear NY Knicks: Can u plz have walk on try-outs to replace Baron Davis? He's bad on the eyes, and ps BD: Stop shooting just pass!
99.52 - 99.16....Santonio Holmes vs. Jets DEF. Should I wait for the heart attack or just jump off a bridge now?
S/O to the big homie ..A young nigga stayin focused on the grind. It's only a matter of time
so you got your video? Via twitter? Humbug!
My foot.
Woah alright. That part was disturbing, I won't lie. I was creeped out by that. My favorite in the 2nd one is when he puts..
androids always talking bout some " this app force closed ". force close this dick.
Heading to church with all the ladies in my family to celebrate mothers day :)
me too :) i don't quite know how to assess their conversation growth tho. seems 2 me it's deeper.
universal day 2
Who knew it got cold in the desert during winter?!? Brrrrr!
I'm in Baltimore. We have a grant meeting tonight.
Making potato salad to go with turkey burgers for dinner tonight. There's just something about warm potato salad that's gross!
“: No one to tell us no, or where to go, or say we're only dreaming. –Aladdin”
I have a twitchy eye & I feel like a pirate!...AAARRRGGG!!!!...Why do I want to capture Peter Pan?
Hey here is the start of a series on the Las Vegas Enterprise from - enjoy your mutual fuming.
zombie thing was meh.
& Follow me me on this twitter chumps...Thanks for being social media friends!
as you should have. Had I been informed PRIOR to less then 24 hrs b4 I would have come down to watch too! lol
Please don't let mmy dreams run by underneath, underneath this Amarillo Sky.
Loving Newbury Street in Boston!
I had a dream last night where I was in a band. Our gimmick was that we bolted all our equipment to the ceiling. A lot of clubs hated us.
Text me! I have to get off soon.786 477 3727~
will that hold a lot of HD?
hey tony!
We have some 15 oz. cans of Super Mist Adhesive still available. Just $.99 per can! works great to hold down T-Shirts while printing.
in you two. Not here. Not like this. That's what DM's and private messages are for.
and now you have the matching pair
When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself. ~Wayne Dyer
omg put the @ first.
thanks for gollowing
got so hype today, he popped off his own helmet haha
can you dunk them in coffee, or do they fall apart?
I'm an open-minded guy, but a marriage between two people who both wear flip-flops just seems wrong.
Men of colour academics invested in patriarchy are far too common for me to feel safe in this career path and world.
Debating on whether or not to keep studying for my #PRexam. How unethical/unprofessional is it to just say "screw it" and go watch a movie?
Life is like a wave. Learn how to ride it so it doesn't ride you
Best cabbie ever
Even against Bryzgalov, I didn't think the #NJDevils could score with the #Flyers. Perhaps this series will be competitive after all.
: Thanks Tommy! For the drizzling the flick in aural awesomesauce.
Sushi for lunch, sushi for dinner.
If one of the 3 LT's are there, I'd take Cordy Glenn but I'm not an overt draft expert. Martin next choice, Massie from Ol Miss?
It's tough to teach adults how to use social media but harder to help a younger generation grow up with it!
I try!! When are you coming back to Sto?!
What a BITCH!!!! How ignorant is this man??? How you gonna get your kids to do that to there mother??? This fool must really be needing
yay! Can't wait!
please let me know if you find out anything more! I will look too.
You reap what you sow, always remember you can't out run karma.
wat do u mean by snappy
she is just like her mother:-)
Celebrate the moments you've managed to survive. The music might not be in tune, but take a moment to rejoice that you're still making it.
Where do I get MY Tyler Deeb tattoo?
Been packing up for like 15 minutes and im already tired -__-
3 weeks and 3 days until freedom.
Kickball Time!
I wanna watch the Adjustment Bureau but the Homerun Derby is winning out in my house OF COURSE.
We gotta work on getting you down here. I can only imagine the finished piece , didn't know you guys did this type of artwork RT
Marketing takes a day to learn. Unfortunately it takes a lifetime to master - Philip Kotler
On shit, Dakota found the Nerf guns..
what up bro! shit was live at Envy wit 2Chainz that loud was tight too
Re war of public perception: today's SF Chronicle editorial page & letters to the editor.
Suggestions... Are just another way of wanting someone else to make decisions for you.
You get some new ink???
Hi fun people booking for the Chicago Auto Show....I'm still available! Book me now while you still can. =)
of course not. He saved it under Kenny Klein.
We should get the trending, so that could help them win! ahah GO BULLS.
You ready for this!? : wtf! you got one right here! ^_^
whats your opinion of this? I know mine.
2 finals down....one to go...then SUMMER!!
How perfect on a rainy afternoon :) What did you get?
Brooks Laich: "I thought we were a lot closer this year than last year."
im just watching keeping up with the kardashians i love
Looks like another busy one
Hello my friend! Top o da marnin to ya!! RT : #PMA RT : Morning #PMACrew !! Enjoy this beautiful day!!
You're welcome. Good Luck.
Good morning
no prob bro you kno I still got ur back bro lol Im still hangin in LA cant wait to see you guys here!
Kevin from Phantomime told me to get in contact with you about finding a venue. If you would like us 2 help plz let us know.
Nothing moves but the money.
That game tonight was won in the waning minutes of the BC game on Sunday when Sammy redisvovered his shot.
thank you so much!
lmso Justin is the best LOL
you're impossible to find.
sit that wet pussy on my face
Cornelius Pass Roadhouse has the Octagonal Barn avail for a group of 100 on 10.11.09, contact a coordinator for details at 503.693.8452
So many bad puns during #1000WaysToDie lol.
love that video.
sorta! I think she looks more like you though.
When she asks for more! #ThirstyBitch haha freakn and got me into this thirsty bitch shizz ;p
Imagine if called me gorgeous OMFG i would smile for the rest of my life!(;
Blueberry clusters in my cereal?! BLUEBERRY CLUSTERS?!! What kind of dark magic is this?!!!
A glove or as some people think dirty. A condom.
I had to visualize what you were talking about. When I got it I had a flare of jealousy. Why didn't I think of that?!
Great basketball on tonight. Thunder vs Celtics and Lakers vs Mavericks
yo yall playing some outdoor tomorrow
i run on dunkin.
Stop worrying about people who aren't in your life anymore. There's a reason they didnt make it to your future.
Looking forward to feeding you soon. P.S you might get hooked.
It is "Official" my song submission(s) is now entered into the 2011 International Songwriting Competition (ISC)
#NYC what happened with the weather today? #TeamFollowBack Just #Follow ---> and I will #FollowBack without being asked.
Movie Night: Star Wars V....completely lost o_O
Happy and tired hehe RT "Exercise gives you endorphins. Endorphins make you Happy." ;D
I love that show. :) #mike&molly
"You better hope your baby is rich because no one's gonna marry that thing based on looks!"
Up for anything.. or is that down for nothing
Happy May Day everyone! April showers bring May sausages.
you're so sweet :) thank you!! ☺
Having fun helping customers pot up window boxes filled with herb and edible flowers today. Hooray for in-store planting!
it's been treating me pretty good! Keeping me challenged! :) how's life treating you??
Pizza time!
Everything is so surreal..
Ah a tay swift song
We have 3 bikes, and I don't ride very often. I wonder how many tacos I could get for one of the bikes? What's the exchange rate?
When Paulina licks Maria cookies and sticks them on her face >>>>>>>
lol... See wat im sayin...how old r u sweetie?
Hope you enjoy it... Dave does a great job of helping people get to the Nxt Level! ~Nxt
yo can you call me as soon as you can. Trying to put this reel together and I need a Lil footage from yah. Peace
mom of triplets and twins! happy mothers day, forgive us for not saying so earlier.
can you pack me into your suitcase too, please?
Just got off work tired as hell.. finna go fantastic4: make myself disappear, flame up, stretch out and sleep like a rock
Bed head, makeup down my face, and PJ's in the car, noice.
Who says I can't love the dirt and be a model too=] Check out Dirt Wheels Magazine... =] I'm on my KFX700 tearing it up in the desert!
FUCK YOU JUSTIN. Why do you have to look so damn hot on that fucking motorcycle. MY OVARIES
#soundsgood what time ?
Getting close to 100 likes! Maybe we'll do something special for the Rabid Facebooker that becomes our
Is Lebron's biggest weakness his mental toughness?
There are numerous reasons to have #concretefloor landscape designs like wall space
Why do humans have to wash their hair every day but dogs hair get touched all day and they rarely get washed? #deepthought 🐶💇💆
are you good with 4 inch heels?
You make way too much money if someone hands you the keys to a brand new corvette and you could careless enough to accept the keys.
YourSocialMedia.com is a great resource for businesses wanting to utilize social media.
Thanks so much for sharing our summer festival guide!
ha.. thanks.. #Peter Parkers.. tons of them around here
on the day when I actually want and need to talk to people, no one is in their office's to help me with my crisis......
Faith in oneself is the best and safest course. Michelangelo
No worries, I heard the little buggers didn't come out anyway... is that true?
#rappersbetterthansouljaboy the hide yo kids hide yo wife douche
Congrats on your craftiness! Did you paint it or do something else?
wouldnt use the app with u just students
In our seats and ready to go! ACM Fan Jam....going to be a wild night!
Lmao. You don't think it'd be a good fight?? I think he'd give Mayweather all he could handle and would possibly beat him
between these and FB, I barely have time to work....kidding kindof
That was (accidentally, I suspect) a very revealing paragraph
because #iamright, or as your daughter said to me tonight, "ugh, whatever, fine". lol
Stupid medicine is making me drouzy I can't even see straight xD must finish hw asdkasldad
Welcome to city gear we have new parish nation and bornfly. Mens demon levi's shorts for 34.99 and more.
School flow :)
bs smh and hello again and u goin to get a hello a fuckin hi , a ni hao ( Chinese for hello) everytime u n the lounge
just being funny
I think you're referring to a hatchet. RT : Isn't ratchet a type of tool? Um
RT“: Live life fearlessly. Yes, you may be putting everything on the line. Yes, accidents and mistakes will happen.”
we don't live in Mexico#Dramatic -__- .. We can be stylish/hip old maids. We drink we work great social life etc
Working on compositional algorithms in Lua, a programming language that I really enjoy using - terse, but extremely capable.
It never fails, the #Giants defense always collapses in the 4th.
Becoming increasingly harder to find class guests for ACC. Lots of former guests no longer playing SWTOR.
They're all hideous people. Just vapid whorish fame-monkeys
thinking about planning a 2-day offsite to focus on strategy (and execution) - any thoughts or resources that might help?
BET YOU WONT FiGHT EM!👊
Every class with him ? </3 Yeah it kills me
M stands for modified
Would be very interested in seeing Teich apply this to DH discourse. Or are there too many disciplines involved for it to work?
So, #NBA fans, #Kings fans? Did I read about another team possibly coming to Sac if/when #Kings move to LA?
Chris Brogan runs the Inbound Marketing Summit events, is President of New Marketing Labs, and blogs extensively at [chrisbrogan
Sky Lounge Will Sexy Tropical Latin Passion Night Two-Story NightClub. Party All Night with95.1 LATIN VIBE DJ WALDO- DJ CESAR TERCERO!! .
No man in the world has more courage than the man who can stop after eating one peanut. ~Channing Pollock
Working on something.. Perhaps steam punk.. Seems cliche to me but whatevs.
#Microsoft Word never ceases to amaze me in its unpredictability and WYSINWYG'ness "What you see is not what you get!"
Finally had time to get into Quora, and wow! It is the Yin of Opinions to Wikipedia's Yang of Facts.
Heading to Death Valley this Sunday! Who's coming with us?
Most of you are familiar with U-shaped pillows. Have you heard about Heart shaped pillow to avoid neck pains?
I need to leave this place already and go home to be with my baby :(
Friends - I've been hacked. So sorry you've gotten hateful messages. Don't click on the link!!! I did - and I think that's why this happened
Happy Good Friday everyone. We're very thankful for what's happening at the new IISA! Much love to all our great customers!
Hey please follow me! I'm a big brazilian fan! And I would be very happy if u make my dream come true! Please follow me
My pleasure, Vince!
Im just ready for today after school with my best friends. They take my mind off of everything.
Is there anyone who reads my tweets and is willing to respond to them??
awesome, thanks.
Hey! How do u like this Twitter stuff?
Planned water outage for today canceled & is rescheduled for Wednesday. Additional info regarding the time will be announced later today.
p.s. what's your plan? sticking around in DC next year?
Its not your fault for hurting me, its mine for thinking you would not.......
we have 12mo to use it, so u tell us a good time!
My heart is like a wheel, let me roll it to you
I'm off to attend Altrusa International's District Three Conference. What a great way to end National Volunteer Week!
LSU fan in post-BCS video sues Ala. man
Are you gonna start playing at KT's? (:
haha, no, but something similar :)
I got a laptop baybee :) I have to get it connected to the internet though.
Appfog takes Amazon to task for cloud lock-in
Why pay 1.60 to ride the light rail when u can easily just walk the 2.5 miles?
holy piss I can't wait until July.
II. She said don't try to touch my heart. I can't trust men.
Sometimes I take a look @ my life and think... Wow. I am really lame. Content. But lame :p LOL
hahahaha good luck!
Yes! That's what u spotted. I always love seeing shows when they r in process like that. Hope you can visit now that it's finished.
everyone has been
thank you for absolutely killing it!
I KNOW you see these tweets! please follow !
Thanks Mary! It almost sounded like I knew what I was talking about!
Sent DM back...
i'll be home on Saturday!!
Promises i never brake emmm .
It's difficult to try & recreate your image when all anyone knows is the bad stuff. I feel for these people. Keep doin you, rest will follow
not so bad, fixing up a bands facebook at the moment and waiting on an email, same old
you might want to try calling Housing: 973-353-1037
QotD: "A conclusion is the place where you got tired of thinking." - Steven Wright
. Same bike, different shield and jacket this year (from Avengers) Plus original 1964 comic book!
dishes are such a never ending thing aren't they! lol
Waiting in line for this movie! Oh lord! :/ better be worth it lol
going to the phillies game.
no hospitality these days
This better not be another letdown
anybody want some brewers tix for tonite?
PRACTICE being a leader over your life & start with believing that you are valuable & have something of value to offer yourself and others.
Thanks for the retweet, guys. I enjoy your show.
#DNR holy shit y'all make these evening drives entertaining! Awesome bitches! Love from Texas and Louisiana
MONEY IN DA BANK PRE-RELEASE PARTY
sad thing about me being the only who knows someone is about to be fired, the person that's going to be fired doesn't even know yet
hey dude at gym who is always mouthing the words to what u r listening to in your headphones… u r so cool for knowing all those lyrics lol
At the Zac Brown show at Phillips Arena. about to sing with
good for you. Read your
Back in the studio
Very cool! Which saint?
Couple more minutes......
": Remember that every end is also a beginning."
When your dentist is asking you questions and you can't answer because their hands are all up in your mouth.
reading all about Pelosi's mouse stimulus slush fund: 30 million for marsh mice in california. Head, meet desk.
oh my bad
What in the world?
I'm okay. How about you?
At Edwards Meats on 44th...Come buy some!
That is very intriguing, thanks for the share.
follow me and I'll follow you!
go see I LOVE YOU PHILLIP MORRIS. it is a great film.
SMH @ people using a headset and still holding their phone up to their mouth...
If you're in my country flaunting a flag from else where, go live in that country haters!
Waiting 4 The AVENGERS to start
#nf follow back!!!
I am thankful 4 my faith, family, friends, and 4 the opportunity to vist people's homes, when they are in need, to help anyway that we can.
i don't care if austin never notices me. I will still be a
Great, I'm going to have to start an OKCupid account for a god damn bird so I can get some peace.
"The world is a looking glass and gives back to every man the reflection of his own face." - William Makepeace Thackeray
Wow! I'm almost at 500 #Assyrian followers. It happened so fast! #Assyrian <3
Eh-hemm why an I in this line...?
Divorce Drama Reveals Phil Ivey made $920,000 a Month from Tiltware
“: You think the Lakers will get past OKC?” - Yes. They are my team. I have faith.
Hope she makes apple pie :) RT : My mom is against social networking online. Period.
Stopped for sushi after my USO show & got a lot of looks. I guess a 1940s pinup girl cramming a crunch roll in her face is a little strange!
well I have nothing to say👄❌
Sat night treehouse. Rawkadeus, one more sun and the domes. 10P, $5, 21+. Let's party!
#Soccer training for the boys tonight. 6-7:30 session only.
AmerksHockey I'll be up in section 204 tngt, row A seats 7 & 8 - leave me something good! :)
We have a song for you !! It's called "Are You Ready For This" by John Karl - We will play it for you !!
sometimes a cigar is just a cigar, but a tweet about is cigar may be a cry for help.
and blonds -______-
Love it! That's the best thing ever!
No sir, thank you!
RT I'm only 25 happy birthday sir ....wishing you many more
Then you responded to my tweet today & I realized it was you because of Derrick and Diante. I'm glad you're well. God is Good!
South st may have barely recovered from last night, but we're less then 3 hrs from starting all over again! 5 bands + Karaoke!! Dobbs Rocks!
I'll have to check it out! Very cool
I like the religion that teaches liberty, equality and fraternity. -B.R. Ambedkar
Calling all Iowa State students! Meet recruiter today at the Ag Career Day from 10am-2pm in the Great Hall
you are too kind! Takes 1 to know 1 :D
“: U STUPID FOR THIS "DOWN BABY" TRACK” Lol appreciate it!
FUCK I'm depressed and tired but my thoughts are eating away at my head so I can't sleep
you girls are so cute. i watch with or without tyler. thx for being so cool to my boy. love the fist bump roar thing:)
Wow! Just tried this submission to our What's Your Austin's Pizza contest: Fresh made pico, motzz, jack cheddar, & chicken. Lordamighty.
initial confusion came from order of judge's sentence. First ordered no prison -- then said 6 years probation -- then 180d
hahah isn't it great??! Never gets old!
Um bruh...I don't think that's the sample the NFL is looking for. I'm just saying.
“: We're not close anymore, but I'll be there if you need me.”
thanks again! are you planning on going?
Glad to hear it was fun in person! It certainly looked fun from afar...
It's important to know that words don't move mountains. Work, exacting work moves mountains. Danilo Dolci
This Friday at Outriggers Comedy Room a Evening with Tixs on sale www.whatsfunnylive.com
I'm eternally proud of my wife for being a teacher and truly caring for her kids.
can I go see youu? ^_^
lemme go find something to eat !! im hungry.
Don't be surprised when I don't talk to you anymore, because I don't like mean liars... #isthatweird?
At least I have a little Rod y Gab to massage my earballs as I write this bs "reflection" final
yes hahah #chaining now I have to use it in my tweets !
thx for the explanation! you'll have to give us a try...if the tights didn't scare you away that is.
i miss !! you'll see me a bunch son ;)
Headed back to Lexington with
Nick if u see this tweet thanks again for subscribing to my friend and thanks for the letter. :)
Woke like its 1 in the afternoon
Year Strong. In Manila. Shit. Dream come true. :((
You sound more like Dean Martin than Frank Sinatra.
Happy Mother's day jo ☺ God Bless you
I like your pledge, but U & I may have slightly diff goals. Youre concerned w/ getting money out of politics...
lol i do that sometimes when i get new shirts!
My heart and mind are still reeling.....
Great lunch w/ Pizza never tastes as good as when you're half starving.
Based on last night, I'd pay $25-30. So many movies are in 3D these days, and I hate the theater glasses.
Goodbye twinkies. I'm sorry you didn't last in my presence for very long.
Happy HumpDay! 😊Make it a GreaT Day 👍
Big Things brewing over here at the wave labs
And it's right down the street from my house...
can't DM you unless you are following me. My email is . Love to answer any questions you may have.
I give in..Goodnight :D
extent used , frequency used and how succesful was the training J. Phillips
Damn I been busy ! But I'm back on this shit :)
where have you been?! All day long....twitter is so boring so I'm singing your song!
you'll appreciate that I just broke Github.
“: I seriously think I have some sort of emotional connection with my phone..”<<<<<I know I do but ya
TOOT AWAY IS SOLD OUT. But, we are making more as fast as we can. We'll let you know when it's available. Thanks for all of your support.
Nope - maybe some other shows are onsale that day? Our show goes onsale May 7!
We offer $100 gift incentives to realtors who recommend our services. Contact us today for more details. arizonahousepainters.com
It's going well! might run the Ironman Muncie course Sunday. You ready for the big day?
We have a changing of the guard in our club today! Saying goodbye to President Phil and welcoming new president for 2011-2012 Lou Radja!
Do I get bonus points if I act like I care?
I'm mourning both Donna Summer and today.
my work commute is short but I do a lot of weekend driving
The storm is headed my way. Wind, creepy sky, thunder......ajo & I-19 area
Ur not just some female to me so y would you want a nigga to treat u that way??
Where ya at
Until Outlook told me I had 108 unread messages I was happy. What does that say about Outlook? (And/or Me!?)
GOOD MORNING AUSTIN! im in school & snuck on twitter just to see your tweets! :D ah lol i hope i dont get caught..
I'm having a BBQ with my family. :)
And sometimes I just want to join in. RT : Kiddo melting down in the parking lot sounds like I feel.
Nothing like a NH traffic jam: at least 15 cars rolling at 15 mph behind a tractor!
Lawyers can now read, review & annotate deposition transcripts on a BlackBerry with our free Mobile Transcript app
So, will we be skanking in the pit for Fishbone for Bumbershoot? (#client)
School is dumb. You should drop out and become a professional hobo. They're delightful!
dreams never come true
Knowledge is the most democratic source of power. ~Alvin Toffler
I don't feel too hot.
In listening range of WPKN in Bridgeport CT? I'll be talking housing obsession tomorrow at 10:30am on The Binnie Klein Show.
We are at the library finishing our resume's
thanks for the post today guys!! let us know if u want the record. glad to send u a DL. great blog.
why do celebs get tats of each other did you see the huge Mariah tat on Nick Cannon what is he thinking he'll be out in 2 years
I've never cried so hard
Already a shitty start to my morning.
that's why you should come visit
James Atlas in : "They're going to accomplish...effective marketing and distribution" #oreally? To which bookstores?
A wise friend once said "Hakkuna Matata! 🐗"
Everything is pissing me off today. No April Fools.
About to play battle of the bands at SF State... Excited!
Call picking this year's /HACER scholarship winners. so many amazing Latino students!
You can either win the contest by referring new followers in the next two hours or purchase it on Amazon!
I'm always game... and the sparklier the better!
I am tired Beloved; of chaffing my heart against the want of you; of squeezing it into little inkdrops, And posting it. ~ Amy Lowell
Sure do! DM where to email it.
Are you doing your own PR? What is it that you do?
let me get a shout out.!
Seeking real estate agents for San Jose, Ca...expanding our offices please tweet info.....
if I was your boyfriend, I'd never let you, never let you go.
U know it's a good day when you get to use the word 'abreast' in normal conversation.
Don't forget about Nathan Dye and Ad2's Happy Hour tonight at 5:45 at Mainstay Rockbar! RSVP now to !
aw we miss you too!
yes i told you at the fight party!!
C'mon Milwaukee! Weak crowd energy at the Bradley Center right now! Get up and yell!!!
I hope the drive home is better than the running around at lunch!
Congrats on the Nomination!
But you can totally send me a drawing in Draw Something while u lounge
Gotta tape a feature film audition! Only bummer is my trusty reader is out of town. :( Who wants free lunch to read/film with me?! 🎥🎬🍔😌
Follow my potato? ILY and ill follow you back :)
Very very disappointed about work today smh
These new songs are pretty good - not sure why they weren't included with the album, especially since it's only eight tracks
#FFBANK ...good people who are going places, I have a feeling
LOL stop. Her peak was so long ago, let's be real.
midnight party, coo
Harder this week... spring break & the plans canceled, so we're all feeling "stuck" at home. Boo.
Music is as much a part of history as many other cherished artifacts.
I just want to win.
You can't wear coral.
No panic with the #Pens time to get this game back.
What is one thing that someone has said or done online lately that has really rubbed you the wrong way?
wow! Versace for commercials are the creepiest thing ever!
That and WAC, WCC, and MWC have done just fine in Vegas
I Grind so hard ppl think i be showin out its plenty Money In these STREETS it up to u to Chase it.stop hatin and apply urself
You the kinda girl that makes me feel good (:
Just Realized that those two science homework assignments are the difference between a B and an A
Follow my tweets is a Awsome account related to Sex Dating :*
Wirh chloe, philip, and hannah!(:
no he thinks it's cute!
... however, improving tackling techniques may lower HS FB concussion rates (20%) to approach college FB rates (10%).
Will do!
I'll bring the cake!
yea the reds getting annoying to take care of
Me too and I love that it will be in #FortWayne . Let me know if you want to get involved and I'll send you that info also
Brandon Bass just manhandled Josh Smith. Grown man move.
lol I know its so depressing here, we'll have to talk about it soon!
I'm sorry you felt lonely. well, okay. I don't but I wanted to reply. :3
True. True.
Yat welcomes author Linda daugherty in town tonight from Dallas for a preview of her show "don't u luv me?" www.yatkids.org
call me maybe? :)
Happy National #Coffee Day. Needed daily, not just in the morning. Free cup in #Philly?
Sippin on belvedere fennel shrub? Fancy martini.
My piano tuner uses a $600 app to tune our piano. Who knew!?
miss you brother! Im Supposed to be in ny right now but Levon died:(
can't wait to watch you guys!
get it mama!!
RT : now following-; ---->>following back!
Long wrestling tournaments <<<<<<
okay thanks :)
is finishing the grant to turn over to the Office of BlahBlahBlah (long, inscrutable name—they get necessary approvals & submit the grants)
I just left. What stores did you go to?
It's a social revolution we are experiencing
#Rachel Crow has my vote already...don't even want to hear the others...so I'm watching CNN and live coverage of the Troy Davis and the cops
RT : "Let experience be your teacher, let challenges be the test of life."
celebrities and food carts, Alyssa....we live in Portland.
lol let's say your dad is a boss unfortunately my Dad is like you lmao
Thanks for the follow!
thanks! I'm talking about DMAC and sustainability in teaching, research and service.
« I remember those dayz» me too
ok crazy idea sent! Easy idea: make a west coast , that looks like easy money.
Woke up to beautiful news, good morning my loves 😘
on the rail and wishing good fortune to in #wsop15 ! - Time for that bracelet! Take it down Allen!
Word! RT : If you're going to Waterstreet tonight for Such Gold/Joywave/Hit The Lights, say hi and buy Joywave merch from me
miss you too!!! Next time your in 1232 you should swing by to visit me!!! I'm at Staples now
Great quote!
Wake me up inside, call my name and save me from the dark, save me from the nothing I've become!
Quick whats ur fav Sting song? Hanging out in the lobby of watching STING on ABC.
Twitter handles for everyone in that last tweet: Tom Roberge Chad Post Jeff
Call me maybe
Just added to my position on AAPT. Pending Nationwide product release, I see this trading above .10 on news.
I love the flavors you put together in your recipes! So unexpected!
Its pissing me off?? Yy cant i login to my twitter???
There's only 2 more weeks left in the semester! Good Luck on finals everyone! -CJ
wild to moderate is disruptive?
my people will talk to your people
Beautiful ball movement #GoSpursGo!!!
PeekScore isn't a measure of influence, rather the relative size of your digital footprint...
I really love my little Hartke 2100 Pro cab,BIG tone!..little box..but its kinda heavy,very good extention into lowest notes...34hz!
Off to the gym, then reading some scripts, casting for a project, then back to the gym. Everyone have a wonderful and productive week!
Everyone is getting sick with this weather! Feel better CLE & bring back the sunshine!!
um no
#raw10 My Mother said that I had Beatchey-Back hair. Hair so bad that when She combed it out, it would Beat her Back to my Scalp
Had so much fun in Newport Beach today=] Yachting, kayaking and having fun with good friends...
Fixing transcriptions of photo descriptions. Favorite today: Morgout (Margaret). Look out y'all, Morgan's about to have a Morgout!
That's surprising.
: You're very welcome, Sascha!
"Funny How time Flies" is playing on the Quiet Storm as we celebrat jante Jackson's birthday today on WTLC
Saying "I love you" doesn't hurt nobody AT ALL, unless.....you have EXPECTATIONS behind it....
Don't ya just hate 2 day old retweets...
At this point if you still think Justin Bieber isn't a sexy mofo, I'm judging you so hard. omfg.
“: I'm gonna follow some people... Retweet if you want me to follow you”
oohhhhhh I'm telling!!!!
kisses love you!!!
i found MailingDesk to be my favorite iPad client for g+
Control your bitch. Her vagina is flopping everywhere.
It sure does feel good to be home after a long vacation. c:
I level up quick xD
Shannon Mattern beginning with the joke of a woman who accidentally cut internet line in her garden in eastern Europe.
Dad asked if he could get a frappuccino hot.... *facepalm*
Attorney General Koster reaches $76000 settlement with Utah ...
You want beef? You don't even know what's at stake. X
Nice Erica"!!!
if u had to choose b/w seeing or big time rush which would it b? It better b the cute ones with the cute accents.
Thanks so much for a great luncheon! The food was delicious and the #atkinscookbook is just what I need to shed this baby weight!
I often try to understand why anyone would buy from my competition. I keep ending up with the same answer. Our only compeition is ignorance!
The White House Admits It Has No Clue If Its New Housing Plan Will Work via
playing halo 3
Ever had an idea so big and bright and shiny it blocked out the moon for you, left you sleepless, breathless? That's where I am right now.
watch it online bro
It's a tie and next game winner gets WS home field advantage. RT : What happens when the bullpen is empty?
I remember all y'all..
Going to Hawaii just to experiment with some coconut brewing options..
Wow! Definately didn't expect a game like this... interesting one <3 love it :D Real Madrid - Bayern M.
The Academic Progress Rate, or APR, measures whether student-athletes remain academically eligible and remain enrolled with the school.
Ahh looks gorgeous! Hope you're having a great time :)
UNFPA, UNICEF, IPPF would be well served if they provided their "youths" a basic biology course.
Apparently Canada is taking lessons from the US, as I asked the same question last year.
Blossom & The Front Row theater. Great Times!
Ugh, fuck school and waking up early.
The "heart condition" isn't keeping Watson from continuing. The need for a scholarship is. College sports, everyone!
You might want to hit to find out why.
Was this Kentucky's toughest road to the final four?
hey, hey, hey!! How's it going?? :) I haven't tweeted you in a long while! :(
Dinner to-go from !
way to go!!
Selena goes and Justin bieber best couple in the planet!!!!!luv luv you two forever!!!!!!
I like Barca & Vinehout, they r both full of piss & vinegar & care about WI & their constituents,need to study both more closely
thanks, right back at ya!
follow the next big super star outta the south he from MississippiÂ
Right. I'm totally serious. Because I give a shit what total strangers think. You got me.
Policeman: Why didn't you check your speedometer?Driver: It broke when I hit 100.
I think I need some new sneakers, just so I can have an excuse to say: Yo, check out my 'kicks'!
SB may be a loyal servant,but the church's inability to show compassion, humility, christianity respect for women is destroying it
ooh yeah! i just downloaded a page from Bronx, NY for indexing. maybe i'll see some family? :-)
Never would have thought that I could be excited about a bank but... I'm really looking forward to trying out Simple ().
RT : Of all things you wear, your expression is the most important. Anon
K-12 community of MT, RI, SD, OK, NV & UT we want to hear from you! Contact the SpeakUp team to get registered today!
been a busy but great weekend here :-)
Craig Owens and Johnny Rockette tonight at Mojoes in Joliet! Come hang!
AW!!! That's so sweet! Thank you! I'll be sure to tweet to you on the days when I need a reminder/pick-up :)
LOL! Teen says he looks like a TRex waving his arms around. I try to be a good role model, but his comments make me laugh!
Thanks! :) Checked out your Jordan pix, looks like you had a pretty awesome time yourself!
just ordered a soundgarden and mother love bone shirt, bbyz cum 2 mama
Leno had the torch handed down to him by Johnny Freaking Carson you have a radio show you have to pay for u r porn Jay is Pro
Last day of school then no school till October :(.
WOWZA!!!! DJ SCOTTY COLLINS "THE HARDEST HIT" is coming you way ASAP kid!!!
Mother's education level is key indicator of children's college completion
Actual headline: "Santorum surges from behind in Iowa." Ha! I bet it does from time to time. #santorum, #dansavage,
Attune RTD Executes Exclusive Sales Agreement with Desert Electric Supply For ... - MarketWatch (press release)
Seems like i'll never get noticed by A girl can dream tho
damn right
I hate when people look good on thier AVI but you go threw they pictures and they fat af lol
too kind sir<3
I don't believe in hell either, but I know teabaggers like you and Breitbart do.
Now in Exmouth after watching #tourofbritain start in Exeter, waiting for the peloton to finish here
Maybe different worldviews: personal agency vs. determinism
A life without adventure is likely to be unsatisfying - Bertrand Russell
gimme a few
Thank you! It's a very exciting time for and me, new jobs and getting married in Dec.
No really, I love being stood up.
I'm with Moser on both counts. Incomplete sentences = good if its a good stylistic choice. Form should support meaning. And 69er?
Yup I'm so mad and disappointed.
Allow God to be your neosporin this morning & heal that open wound from the outside in to begin a work on the matters of the heart
all my followers should go follow :) oh and read her fanfic! <3
I wanna see in Philly on Saturday
fiu Stanford and northwestern been getting at me
Facebook is NOT an innovator. They're copy-cats in everything they do.
I am BEYOND irritated right now
What a beautiful ball played by Convey, perfect onto Kamara's head.
“: Great time with fam slowly you realize that it's really all that matters"
Has finals week next week. Fuck. -.-'
I love #NASCARnaps they are the best.
Is it "National Run the Red Light Day" and I missed the memo? Geez
Ni Hao Meghan! Xie Xie (Hello Megan! Thanks) I am in Shanghai this week - back to US after 3 days in Beijing. Work is good
Thx for stopping in!
lol I know
Unfortunately, we don't have any vegan waffles right now. But we will pass along the suggestion!
lol. Dude I barely get on I'm too sick too do anything blahh....
#WhatHurtsTheMost doing any and everything to make it big in the world but no matter what u keep coming up short
Haha! Awesome. I'm happy to share my secrets with fellow Ladies.
Late nite kfc then work in a.m.
Our talents are the gift that God gives to us… What we make of our talents …
dont need nothing from you
Speaking of "bolted on", how many single-purpose apps is your business using?
You must mean Jeff Tambellini?
It's just a photo app.
If #press can get story out of #Bahrain if #protest turns violent, #F1 maybe good publicity for the
tweet about the workouts you coach!!
Keep calm and pinch Louis' cheeks.
getting off the horror topic, haha... Think Djoke can win the remaining slams this year?... French is gonna be hard!!!
Thanks everyone for supporting show on every Thursday!
I don't compete,I defeat
Athena Chase- Reporting for duty=) <3
Taylor time and Bruso city!!! Finish strong red!!!
The buck stops with the guy who signs the checks. - Rupert Murdoch
Message from advertiser says our web page isn't cached? Any idea how this could happen folks?
Mule day 2012!
We're nearing 400 followers - help spread the word and recommend to your followers on Twitter!
#dontbelate Center lane blocked. STALL, NB- I-25 AT THORNTON PARKWAY--CENTER RIGHT LANE
HaPpY SaTuRdAy night everyone!
#JustBeingHonest I give better #relationships advice than you.
Yay. Just met from q 106 :)
Typo of the day: seventeeth street
well then why did you retweet it? I said retwet if you agree. and you did :p
Sounds great! We can get it done. Follow us so that I can DM you my email and start goin' over what you want to have done.
geospatial would be mapping & visualizing networks and creating place among quakers during american revolution.
i can't DM now
my blog on wordpress.com has crashed, hopefully they'll fix it soon
juror #12 is mental defective
Sitting inside a church, and all I see are hos everywhere
Cliff Burton of Metallica was killed on this day in 1986 when the band's bus overturned in rural Sweden.
How to find out if someone is a conservative or #libertarian: Ask them where they stand on Wikileaks #tcot #tlot Assange
Cannot wait to see my mom tomorrow. I miss her like it's my first day of kindergarten all over again.
all set for 7 pm on wed at L'Atelier.
Plan your spring outdoor rooms or now. Be ready, don't wait because #Punxsutawney Phil says 6 more weeks of winter,
Newport RI truly is a beautiful town. Haven't been there in at least 10 years. Enjoy!
Lakers down games to 0. They'll still win.
My favorite sweet-tempered poultry crime-fighting team has to be The League of Extraordinary Gentle Hens.
Why do people come to me for relationship advice??
#ThingsMyExSaid I love you #ThingsISaid I think we should break up...
I just fueled a fire lol
Im not suppose to care anymore... so y do I?
Hey Twitter land.please have a listen at reverbnation..hit the "like" button..help me reach 101.dont forget to have a Fabulous eveningTux
<------ he had d most amazing eyes
Just left a small staff gathering to celebrate the new logo for the new website. So exclusive, can't even post the name yet! Follow!!!
when survivor is over we wait for big brother to watch classics such as #brenchel omg is this really what I do »slap self«
"I truly like 'em and respect 'em" Rick Perry gives a genuine shoutout to campaign reporters at GridIron dinner.
What a shocker of a report about the cheap fucks on the #saints D. Never would have guessed it.
my pleasure! You've moderated some great content there. Glad you're digging the song!
Stuck in airport. Delay is now 4 hrs. Will miss ncaa championship game.
is there a set date of when the regular season schedule comes out?
I just got a DM from you that makes me think your acct has been broken into.
happy you've found galazy hut! its a hidden gem in wholefoodsland
Awesome! We're looking forward to it! :)
I see myself as sexy. If you are comfortable with it, it can be very classy and appealing. - Aaliyah
Lunch time special! 50% off hair services w/ me at Tues & Wed from 12-2pm. Call 414.988.4165 to book now! (excludes keratin)
Jeffrees on the radio!
I love all the #MLA12 tips I've been reading, especially about pacing oneself in the megaconference environment.
spent the most amazing weekend in san diego. Was amazing. Jet skis and quad cycles. Insain.
gym. work. miami. solid wednesday.
Just found out my foot is the same size as my coworkers hand.
On my way to in cleveland. Can't wait to taste this!
oh god. Hahaha hope nobody was watching!:o aha
Lol Plz take a pic and send it to me if she got it on!
Have you made any films already? Anything we can see?
Cook like Jerry: Waterfront Kitchen&#39;s new Monday cooking classes
Since Blizzard cannot get their shit together, send me your vaginas
At a moment like this, I can't help but wonder.....what would Jimmy Buffet do??
If you're a member of Genx or GenY, Train's new song "This'll Be My Year" reads like a chronology of life. Download it, trust me.
#ApTip: Parenthetical remarks (however relevant) are (usually) unnecessary.
Flowers, candy, jewelry....been there done that. Give her something she'll love from Bath & Body Bisrto 110 Morningside NE (Nob Hill)
Turnout tonight is strong.
you got it! On the radio a little bit ago. Stuck in my head now.
Handy, dandy, economical and space saving - 4/1 t-shirt printer. Start small; earn big!
Ah, yes. Good choice.
I need a cellphone with a flash.
Follow us on Twitter!
if you've never had pussy juice on your forehead, you dont eat pussy
I've been married almost 15 and ditto! I'm sick of government sanctioned discrimination and bigotry.
try using Cloud Browse to unlock Flash on your iPad :)
at the bar chillin with my Bestfriend
working! How u doin bro?
Sixers have the advantage on the fast break points with 9-3.
If i #follow you, you
forget Bio class
swag swag swag on you ; )
I've never had a student or parent thank me for how well I prepared them for standardized testing.
Glad you have a nice easter. Sorry about the cough. :l
Just chatted with a mother and her son in N Seattle, they just got into transitional housing!
I feel your pain.
Tim Tebow vs. the Terrible Towel !
she's wearing pearls?
ur right, that rule started cuz the 2009nfc champ.all its for is to stop the 3 play then kick for the win. TDs are king
Thanks for coming to the groundbreaking this morning.
just watch u on mike and Molly great show hope u do more next season
Anyone working in the a.m.?
A real "Bad Bitch" never looks to her past , Because regret isn't Felt ; <3
Love when a researcher asks for the impossible and less than an hour later, without trying, the impossible has been found!
Night made. Thank you. RT : I'm so psyched. A burial ground is following me!
I disagree with Graham's position on gay marriage, and believe his view is discriminatory. It's OK to not tolerate intolerance.
don't trip, I love your new tat!
thanks for the RT! :-)
shut up Braden!
RT RT : "A non-writing writer is a monster courting insanity."— Franz Kafka
Large hail here in Murray but it's passed now. Bed time again!
Finally slept really good, the first time in like a week.(:
Miami welcomes you with open arms and ridiculously high temperatures. Highly recommend #prime112 if you are on the
I'll light a FIRE....FIRE.....FIRE!
Hey San Diego... Set your TiVo for Channel 6 on Thursday. Want to know how lasers can help you? Check out SD Living at 9AM!
4 reminders/day to use your camera: ask to take some shots of that smart person you know. She may be intimidating but you have a job to do!
Uh oh, I hear voices giggling... It's too early!
I hate when Evelyn say she gone hit somebody in the face...she ain't finna do shit but throw a glass or a bottle. Throw them hands!
i cant wait to play some barebones. it will take me back to the good ole days like in COD2.
Laying out â
This video won many international awards. It demonstrates why Mexico is in MY senses/ Este video que gano numerous premios explica porque...
What are you going to do to stay fit this week?
Shoutout to for judging the costumes for
so a man who goes home to a super model every night is gay? That's interesting.
Lol. Leg workouts and travel. I was otherwise celibate. :)
you can tell how good somebody is in bed by how well they drive stick.
Could you please tell hubby can we get a Bad Boys 3!!!!
To go home or not to go home today is the question.
"The planters raise their fingers, make their bids. They are apparently all eager to possess Jones."- EMPEROR JONES
No sleep?
A. Tenfelde getting the nod tonight.
especially if it's unaccounted for by any other reason. Usually falls from standing or sitting are ok.
How'd did you do that Alli?
why can't you just be my boyfriend like seriously c;
Yanno, I wouldn't mind if society called it Purple Friday. Then I'd actually be quite satisfied living in this country.
that run/workout very nearly killed me! it hurts to stand D=
so bored:\
Success often eludes us when it becomes an end in itself.
the SR-71 was also my favorite as a kid. Definitely still in my top 10
:) Austin, without you, my world doesn't make sense.
even other people's bad attitudes will not bring me down today. i won't let them.
My mom came in to wake me up and I wasn't entirely awake yet...so kinda screamed bloody murder.
Whoa I suddenly became R E A L L Y _ T I R E D
Oh, Craigslist... You're such an asshole.
I am a Christian, like pirates in tight pants sans shirts, also prefer print comics, am straight, & I like you just fine! :)
Just heard "t-commerce" for "tablet commerce." Do we really need another acronym? It's still e-commerce!
Today has been a day full of waiting on clients, which usually means a night of acting on last minute feedback
We now carry Lakefront New Grist to wash down your gluten free crust!
Hats off to the #iubb Hoosiers. They had a great season. We'll be back in the Sweet 16 next year!!
Is anyone awake in this town?
Broncos Rule!
Carlos to the moon! RT :
RT RT Like many things in life, cruises are best when they're shared. Ask your [Travel Agent] about group sales.
RT The acapellas just grab me - he didn't sing it if he didn't mean it - "Leave Me Alone" for example.
gotta stay loyal to the ATL!
CAMPEONES, CAMPEONES! We're all in soccer bliss right now
| We'll keep our eyes peeled.
I think it looks great! Very pretty color combo.
i wanna go see the lucky one today it looks so good! :)
going to N mason belfair resources to share self taught grant writing abilities today with them should be interesting Officer Grant , out
don't get mad, get even
nah, that shit will help. I heard that drinking helps hang overs. I think it was an alcoholic that told me.
W.beyondthescoreboard.net vs Brees has graham, colstain, sprolles, Ingram. So much weapons
oh and of course #BEATBC :)
There's always so much to think about
Sorry! What a mess! hahaha
good luck. I just couldn't get into that show.
It's the least I can do, and I'm always happy to do that.
G O O D N I G H T . DONT FORGET TO SAY YOUR PRAYERS<333(:
I'm an old man, I have short term memory loss lol
Growing up fast
section reverted to such eloquence as "suck it, Milwaukee!"
#10ThingsIHate dumb bitches...
: Oh, and I'm defrosting pizza dough. Sharing tasty inspiration. Go us! :)
LSU vs ALABAMA should be interesting. Two erratic teams that can turn it on but #rolltide should win big.
him being on the bench wouldn't do anything, that support stuff means nothing. His job now is to get healthy
Why do you even come around anymore?
Starting to get excited about upcoming visit with
S/O to Calvin Johnson. He seems like a good guy, I hope the Madden Curse doesn't bite him too hard.
Spring break here i come in a hour & 5 min
that's what was being referred to "lad"
'memory of paper' site was bit confusing to me. but their links page great! - didn't know briquet, or parts of it, was online
ok so the hottest girl at the bar and we are watching you
trying to be cool on this friday, not to let anyone get me all wound up. we will see how that works out.
I had the exact same reaction when I heard the news about Cheney. :-/
lol YES I am!! And thanks I'm good how are you?
#IfYouReallyLikedMe u would follow right now
Happy birthday to former Spur
A closed mouth doesn't get fed, speak up!
I'll be chanting "vote vote vote vote" all day now'
Where is my Tango & Cash Lego set?
I'm getting "rugged" today. Check it out at ruggedmamiac.com!
My professor just said “arrested development”. Immediately, four of us looked at each other.
You has a new follower :D meh!
it's such a fabulous color! Nothing like it;)
Being a full-time mother is one of the highest salaried jobs... since the payment is pure love. ~Mildred B. Vermont
Enjoyed playing in the pit this week with for #CarminaCalder Great time all around!
13k tweet goes out to for being there for me through all my annoying bullshit & problems
#Caps kill it
We know is an ally, but pro-wrestling supports & promotes violent masculinity.
hahahaha he looks miserable
Asking who's their fave 1D member is like asking, which 1 candy do they want in a candy store. It's hard coz YOU JUST WANT ALL OF THEM! <3 x
this kid: there something different about you. me: i have makeup on
#outback in Pleasant Hill, CA is making really weak drinks right now, it's half packed, bar is empty
New Costume Frannys Fifties Frock Costume for Adults
and trust we are all excited!
Now that footballs over what's your go to sport to watch on weekends?
A pink primrose blossomed this morning on the first day of spring.
speeding tickets are just a cost of doing business for me!
At lexis house..
Cuz if they were im gonna be pissed i LIVE in miami -.-
Staal again?? This is not hockey. This is a children's magic show. #HatTrick. 9-3.
is there an effigy of Sam Sianis there? I dont remember. There should be.
Smells like popcorn. My sister must be home.
They respond so u can respond so they can respond =
Is it too much to hope that the subways are delayed because of #M1GS?
and wanna walk today?
Stevie Wonder!!!!!
I need to get on my a-game.
- yep, you are correct sir :D
Emotions are feelings large enough to change your life or destroy it.
I think my fingers might just bleed...too much guitar these past few days.
xlick been a min since i went on a date... lol wat shud i talk about
Oh, I see. Looks like he thew at Carlos Guillen?
he will join in too...
420pm atm. we wanted device agnostic squares. you're right tho, we'll need to increase the sizes. in pipeline. tnx for feedback!
Knowing what's confidence and what's arrogance could be the difference between self-esteem and self-dellusion.
bravo! We appreciate the gratitude and wonderful compliments! Hope to see you again soon! :)
Great! Thanks for the recommendation!
I think he just means "reference when an extreme lens length is used"... I'll talk 90% about sound anyway and call it a day.
My mother's crazy quote of the day: "That Al Roker sure has a lot of teeth."
MT : Thought ur Tech101 today #CommunityJustice2012 was awesome! Excited to try some new tools!
Raise High the Roofbeam Carpenters--I've always ignored the comma and said it aloud as if "roofbeam" was an adjective.
Way to steal my tweet haha(:
When Filipinos run out of patis D; I can't live any longer...
huge win for you guys too!
And our secretary quit today. Shocker.
Reading with a headache sucks.
Almost done tweeting (OnE. LaST. TiME!) as we're still in Canada. Go #Canada. Next stop, N. Africa & Morocco.
Anyone else still sick about that game 7? Ugh!
Just starting THE Trade Show in Harrisburg, PA. The build up was insane and I'm one of only 6 vendors here.
Missed Dr Sanjay Gupta's Last Heart Attack again due to Irene. Will it be shown again? Or viewed online?
ALL hosted by and of ! #crackingthecode THIS Thurs, Aug 18 at Parrot Jungle. Lunch/ breakfast provided!
We are in our FINAL class of the Peak Producer program. 12 wonderful weeks w/ training us on how to become a Peak Producer!
If someone doesn't let me out (DAD) I'm going to take my morning poop in the living room!
About to go take the free haunted elevator ride since V is asleep.
Thanks, Mitch!
got a kitchen full of groceries! feels good! :)
ahh. it's YOUR fault! i vote for you to cut the caffeine! ;)
I aint here to hurt anybody I wanna see yall work yall's body so Give it to me, Give it to me, Give it to me HARD!! LOL
Do i have anger issues?
Brain is full from this mornings sessions at #AATE -- can't wait for the afternoon sessions!
It's almost Game of Thrones time on HBO!!
you must have me confused with someone else. No recollection of that
Feel good. (:
It was the exact same way for me. So I watched some interviews and saw her in X-Men and discovered she is amazing.c:
he's 17
mind if I use group pic for blog post?
Got a Barnes & nobles gift card for Xmas, going to use it tonight, any book suggestions?
Closing early today see you all next week
Some say the glass is half-full, others say the glass is just obnoxious.
Good morning y'all! Make today a great one
Sports bra and spankies to bed
~Hello - so very nice to meet you ~ DJ
Watching "Social Network" and this is funny. RT“: Sorry Zuck, I had to do it eventually. (Actually made me do it.)”
A bunny. As in the energizer bunny. B/c the party keeps going&going&going.. RT : If was any animal, it would be a…
The truth. The only thing that will get done is what we want to do.
Back to school free hair cuts for men & women @ the league barber shop Aug,8 from 3:00-7:00 with student id, we just won best barbershop&sal
yea im so pissed off bout the pink slime they put in grd meat 4 school kids lunch !
for sure. Heat makes my curls sad! It's so hard to get them back to their defined selves after too long! Try to resist :D
With an emphasis on math and language in the class, social studies and history can be left behind
It is not work that kills, but worry. ~ African Proverb
The person who says they don't have papers you are asking them for, yet there they are sitting right on their desk. That person has to go.
:o where is that??
Haha, yes we should:)
hating the new e-mail system on facebook
Cutters, Teter take top spot in 1st practice race - Indiana Daily Student
not yet they said to come back in two days to see for sure, but wtf happened haha
thx and back at ya
Wished you were mine. ❤
If you get stressed during the holidays, always remember that STRESSED is DESSERTS spelled backwards!
I'm so stressed out & I have no idea why.
your wish is my command.
RT : But the discourse is presented in such a way that the white man and woman have only problems but can never be "backward"
RT: “: getting a workout in where yat, ?”
Ross stop, new decor stuff!
The result for you can be jail time, fines, civil damages, and a criminal record.
that was bonerific
Fuckkk the spurs!!
Words of Shakespeare came out in characters.-Lowry
Saw some poor chineese girl get fired to the floor by some homeless lad. He robbed her phone the bolted
Getting colder! Currently it's 78F and Mostly Cloudy
Loving this weather.
Bro I need to be juicing today like & his queen but I want some food that is bad for me lol.
that makes sense...we #Browns fans love disappointment but if the #Lions can build a winner I think there's still hope
oh. #blonde !
dantes inferno the game that was based on what I'm reading. I thought it was sick
Time Warner feels even more depressing than the DMV.
what's god g? What u on?
me too:P
Threw alarm against wall when it rang @ 2:30am. I feel better,You? Coming up:Austin teacher charged w/ felony for giving student Plan B pill
At 10 on ABC5, Two Albia brothers get into a dispute and one is killed, plus a free way to get your taxes done!
question: sushi or seafood/ Mediterranean ? Hint: 2 votes on the sushi from us... But u have 2.5 votes yourself !
I just really feel like salad dressing shouldn't have calories. Or cheese for that matter.
Wishing a very blessed and beloved birthday...continuous success with #RA.One and #Don2 upon release. you are a gift to Bollywood!
hahaha, I understand!
Rip whitney houston gone but Neva forgotten
Looks like people everywhere are scraping their windshields with everything but a scraper. What object do you use when you have no scraper?
linkedin ceo jeff weiner: "our special sauce is to get people to update their profile when they are NOT looking for a job."
tough life lady. :)
will I have a nervous system after this weekend? good question...
let's combine our parties and make it a Super Brighter Holiday #partyforacause !
": I can't wait to wife shop while watching the Victoria Secret fashion show tonight."make sure to sample first!
What are you doing this weekend? Come out to our Memorial Garden near our parking lot at 3:30 on Sunday for the dedication ceremony!
Oh well what was the link to the story?
there's better pictures but you wouldn't wanna look at them
Sad #WE11 is over but happy it was so successful. I can't wait for WE12 in Houston. Congrats to all awardees
You too ! Hug the kiddos for me will ya?
For some reason I totally believe that Hudler had no idea that the all star game was in KC this year.
awesome! Will do :)
lol thanks bro thats only 2 out of 20 im gonna use all of them for my tape, do you need any? i still have 55 unused samples
Just bumped into at the Renaissance Hotel New Orleans!! Crazy huh!!
Thank you, ugly, loud, ticking Staples clock for audibly reminding me every second that I am still at work
Just landed in Chicago - I am not even wearing my jersey and I can feel the tension in the air
March 1st & 70 degrees I'll take it. You shouldn't take a poopy yard or yucky litter box, 1.800.DoodyCalls. $20 off your first month.
I literally will be up all night packing and cleaning up. I'm not ready for this. Not ready to leave.
Musical valentines coming your way all day on 89.9 !!
man rampage fake ass fuck he just tweeted his knee is ok now wtf a week ago he said it was the reason he lost man K dis mofucka M0
I hope i can fix this...
customer:‎"is this office depot?" me: "no, it's austin's pizza" customer: "good, i wanted pepperoni rolls"
bro what do you mean? Like the da in general? Bro idk about my dress...
We are too! RT : Tomorrow 4/23 we're at in Portland! Love that place...who's in?
4. Your friends has to tweet “Now following because of @’friendtwitterhandle’.” We will announce the winner this Thursday.
when bro
fuckk, i cant wait for my novela tomorrow.
Let's go Blackhawks!!!
Great Groupon deal. Get online with Groupon & buy $10 worth of Safari Cup Coffee drinks or food for $1. Only 95 minutes left!!
PLEASE FOLLOWBACK. IM SO INSPIRED BY YOU MEETING JUSTIN BIEBER TO NEVERY SAY NEVER.(:FOLLOWBQCK!
I wont be able to make it. I work.... and I can't request it off.
Life would be better if you had the time for me.
I don't think I have volleyball tonight
Dropping a quart of opened paint off the counter is a great way to get paint ALL over! Oops, thankfully I use acrylic!!
Be humble not stuck up
Wynnicism#4: If u lack the creativity so much that instead of using plethora of expletives ur saying "Jesus Christ" ur PATHETIC
So many mixed emotions right now...
lmao I'm funny iscell doee ya hurd , nah chill how you been tho ? Text me 12018502625
i saw a fight last night over Michael J Fox... how is that for fuckin optimism?
So I've finally joined Twitter. How does this thing work?
Going crazy with dvd!!!!!! Always my fav
Happy hump day all just a great day ahead....enjoy life
Anyone wanna go to Nashville with me this summer for the CMA Music Festival?
Hi, I was wondering how you feel about YA zombie books?
Thank you for the mention.
Very much agreed.
RT : RT : If you're gonna play one worded texts with me, don't text me at all.
I know you guys are wondering about 's voice. I'll address at the top of the show.
@ VAIS Technology Conference -- looking forward to a few good sessions -- thanks to VAIS & STAB --
Spending some time with my family....
Me" Where are you from"? Her "Montgomery County" Me" Where's that compared to here" Her "Montgomery County" Me "um okay"
Studying up for my PADI rescue diver course over the weekend...
Just passed Obama on the freeway. He's driving a KIA.
RT : Can't control the sender, can't control the message, but we CAN educate the receiver!!
Loved this issue!
RAN a 5k this morning ! I thought and the guys at the stadium would appreciate that 😉
This might be the first time in my life in which I have been left
Sophia Grace and Rosie were super cute yesterday! PINK!
Damn idk wats to do this winter break. Bout to be dry af'
Field trip, and the pool, yeah I'm liking it
a watched pot never boils...
Happy Birthday!!
I love that i just saw a college football ad on #fox during the #Daytona500! Its only 7 months away. Dont want it to sneak up.
Happy Friday, #GoCanes!
I never knew love would hurt this bad, the worst pain that I've ever had.
S/o to ! For fucking with tight music ! :)
For the better? Omg take a real long look at yourself.
Yes Im a Belieber & im crying Because is amazing and i luff him to death. Shut up Im a girl so i can cry about these things.
Either someone's twitter has been hacked or someone really is saying "terrible things" about me.Entirely possible.I have been a jerk lately.
DVF is my ultimate mother figure man., she's one of the most awesome human figures in history.
Fear is priceless education
facebook is down? didnt work on all the laptops in my house! wtf..?
Offering Prefered Seats Cirque du Soleil Shows in Vegas "O" Zumanity" "KA" "Viva Elvis" "Mystere" plus more book your discount room show
We're talking self-defense this morning. When, exactly, does the law allow you to shoot? And should Ohio have SYG?
No, i think its perfect! Mine...now thats LONG ..but i couldnt of anything else -_-
I may be a flirt ; but in a relationship I am so faithful.
keep smiling..we'll always support you <333
There is always a first but never a last RT : Finally getting to my first #smbmad event!! Very excited.
They just panned to rocking his on the sidelines
Thx for the RT! Hope to see you at the event :)
hey - how are you liking my #Boston now ;)
You got it Skin-a-roo. You da best my fellow metroplex grower upper. Humbled by your awesomeness. On Mavs & ESPN. peace :-)
Well maybe now we can see change we can believe in.
Just got to school Yayy (not) lol well I hope everyone has an amazing day!
awesome, glad your swim did the trick! Now, will you be playing with the puppies later?....
RT : Last chance to win a chance with to have us playmates rock it out with !!! Sign up! IT'S FREE!!
I'm not actually drinking Hennessy!
K love thx
Thanks Coach. I appreciate you.
long haul trucker. Great for accessories, long rides and dependability. I sound like a surly rep, but seriously.
RT "I wish to exchange this flash-of-lightning faith for continuous daylight, this fever-glow for a benign climate."~Emerson
Back in my home for the week.
Jack White is doing the score for The Lone Ranger. This raises my interest 20%. My total interest in seeing The Lone Ranger is now at 20%
We #Packers play those not-so-good Texans (cc: ) #trashtalk season ...lol
They really just played Black Veil Brides on Saint Row...how strange.
My 100th tweet! Im so proud!
ravens kept it at one score. Opening drive win for them, I think.
University of Chicago studies show a great sense of humor can add 8 years to your life.
Wishing you a great week as well!!
heh if only I had the drivers to tell...
I think I messed up? Wish people would stop asking you! #whatdoido?
Spending the day with my mom! Love her! Tell your mom I said Happy Mother's Day! Show her this tweet! Do it now!
the game was so flat. missed scholes (which is sad). why can't berbatov get a game?
HOWDY omg plzz give me a SHOUTOUT cuz i really need more followers
next time shes all like "Maddie you're so lazy blah blah.." just tell her " And your a cunt, but hey we've all got issues.."
I think he just needs a hug. His agent says it has a lot to do with personal issues, but they refuse to specify what that means
Decide to Conquer > wonder into Defeat
awesome! When ya back?
About the contract being agreed to
So what does everyone think of the new NFL Nike uniforms?
I wish I got naptime at school
Meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow woof woof.
back in korea now?
i hate so much.
Eric Church "Chief" Country, but great lyrics and a lot of rock tones. Give it 2 listens over the Atlantic and you will like
Gdm everyone, up early headed to my sister house for the day :-) six hours, finishing getn things for my bday party next wknd
Do something every day that you don't want to do; this is the golden rule for acquiring the habit of doing your duty without pain.
In February, Trade Press Services helped a vision solutions firm get published in a data center journal.
On board, bound!
do you want a medal for australia day?
lol....yes! There's still some of us left :)
I downloaded 's #AngelsAndGentlemen mixtape. I'M IN LOVE!
Word. ": "Hate is never conquered by hate, Hate is only conquered by love."-Buddha"
Sena is right I probably should just delete that bitches number LMAO
When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps. Confucius
I've always wanted to learn. When are you doing it again?
I feel like poo
I'm good. Wat chu been up to?
the hard thing is getting others to realize. Glad I'm not alone.
Glad to hear it!
I was gnna txt u about this but I thought u would judge me for my dorky-ness lol.
Yeah, a shame. One heckuva game.
#SJSharks Clowe will score first...from the bench!
Does Emma Stone have stilts on under that dress?
Ppl stay talking bout haters. Why u hating on them so much?
Check out my new band, A Recent Study.
I only use twitter for reason now......... , i used to have tons of reasons... Now theres only one:(
You killed it!
uh ya! i would sit there all day if i lived there
i'd love to see a pic of this! so rad.
Did you see ep. 4 I think Im falling in love its so funny and awesome. I know that dramabeans is also recapping the episodes
Prepared for my first 5K run on Saturday morning. Sombrero beach run. In Marathon, FL Keys.
oh i enjoy long walks on the beach, a glass of wine an smooth jazz..... XDDDD ask me stuff an ill tell ya
Always count your good days!
Lolz, why are you thanking me?
yep, got the person's plate no. and credit card no. (he was pulling out of an Arby's). So hopefully we can catch him.
Was there a play? You didnt tell me!
#TweetsDuring1660 IM ON A BOAT! IM ON A BOAT! EVERYBODY LOOK AT ME CAUSE IM SAILING ON A BOAT!
I just walked back from the gym. Man oh man is it nice outside. I love it!!!
4 more weeks to go!
Ain't going down till the some comes up.
check the other one
A group is a bunch of people in an elevator. A team is also a bunch of people in an elevator, but the elevator is broken! -Bonnie Edelstein
You're much too pretty to be Sasquatch...and I say that in a non-gay way.
Fuck Kenny G.
Don't know what you are asking RT : You mean via RTs?
you Look Amazing Nicky ;)
An effort to name the eastern peak of Mount Sopris after the late John Denver has hit a snag.
SUCKS TO SUCK
Except you can't sleep on our couch... RT via : At my home away from home
you're so cute <3
It's almost time for #CMLbookchat. Let's give thanks for books, reading and libraries.
I've got 6 horses in this race, WPS. I'm feelin pretty good.
Peyton Manning was a good qb, it'll be interesting to see what happens to him
Just 270 more Follows come on people we can do this!
Don't keep score. Marriage breaks down when you constantly compare your sacrifices to your mate's. Concentrate on your own giving....
Police nab burglars with aid of an observant caller - Marshalltown Times Republican
DHS IS A FUCKInG JOKE, i get suspended for asking a teacher to get outa my face?! I swear to god i hope karma gets MS jepsons as
lol it looks cool
Good luck & TY to Team CIS runners tomorrow in the Livestrong Austin Half/Full Marathon! Our waterstop is at Mile 4. We'll cheer u on!
Receive plenty of exposure.
i am bored as hell right now0_0 jeez i wish i had somthing to do UGGGG!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Nancy Pearl quoting Carrie Brown.."be a promiscuous reader"
Yeah I don't think they're using the save. Sucks.
I hate that every time I meet an older guy I am attracted to I have 2 ask- have you ever donated sperm in tx in 1982
If this lil boy don't quit humming "Rolling in the deep" smh lol
is a trip to in your future?
Just saw at Morgan's ... seriously stunning in person!!
If any of you lovely publicists or studio folk want to donate swag for our donation drive, email
I delete people (from FB) who are for Obama and who are blind to his most recent vote pandering stance on gay marriage.
Check out more from Reko Rennie (artist of the pink kangaroos) at tonight's Kluge-Ruhe Aboriginal Art Collection opening!
There is a New Star On The Horizon. PapaJoe's Fiber Cookie Mix.Go to my Web Site to request [Sample} and Info
Ive kind of been slacking in school this week... Woops what ever. :P hahaha
#FF my fellow Shawn Kemp's Kids
I'm free and ready, so we can go steady. How's about savin' all your time for me?
We are cats with nine lives, deskining and refleshing the embryonic avenues of individual perpetuation.
#ndpl most pressing concerns for me after opening session: long-term sustainability of an ongoing #dpla initiative and community engagement
Yikes. Sorry to hear that you're frustrated.
sorry! Don't stress too much, things will get better!
The lingerie party at avalon is going down ....im looking fly and all the ladies will be looking fly
Some of the best LinkedIn tips on one page. Enjoy!
Nice to meet you too.
Yay:-) Im still anxiously waitng for the new album!!
Lawn mowing season will be here early this year. Bring your mower in for a tune up today!
Keep it 100 baby , I'm not the only one.
i'm at alterra...where is you?
Starting to feel alive again & ready for another 20 hr day at The Texas Frightmare Weekend!!
sounds fantastic! Im sitting in stopped traffic on the way to
show off
#WordsINeverWantToHear We need to be just friends... That would hurt.
"where does she park her spaceship?"
and if they disagree I'll have a host of bad names to call them!
thank you :)
dude, are you serious? :pulls one out of back pocket that was sitting on dresser and expires in 10 days: Why yes, yes I do.
RIP Gil Noble
Have a Good Night All!
One of the things that I love about Tweetchat is that it automatically adds the hashtag.
Spring shows what God can do with a drab and dirty world. ~Virgil A. Kraft
When the lockout finally ends, who will be the saviors in the fans eyes when its all said & done? Goodell? J.Jones? DeMaurice Smith? None?
Cheesecake Factory!! #whattoorder ?!
when r u able so skype me curz i wanna see ur purtty face! lolol
tweet dreams space cadets shizzy. going going gone!
I hate early classes with a passion!!!!!!!.
you're soo nice thanks it's so hard to get him to notice me
Can't wait for tomorrow night
why do only humans have twitter?
Yo sad news... doesn't believe in
Haha... it was a good kind of sad. Completely connected with desire to ensure pet is comfortable even if its more difficult.
A job is a place u vist on ur scheduled days N sometimes provide extra time as needed. A career is a comitment of experience N education
looks a little like a tick to me
cool, I actually did get the one you were talking about and replied to it, you must not have gotten that one. I'll send again now
ah diggy i hope you follow or tweet me someday!!!!!!:)
I wish it were that. This seems more a case of an emotionally unstable person sighing loudly instead of swearing loudly
That would be Valois--"See Your Food" The Original House of Pancakes is also delicious!
just checked you out on FB! We should play a show if you ever tour near NM.
Sunday morning ceiling painting. (Sounds like either a horrible #bandname or a great #euphemism.)
actually maybe see ya in 11 days. maybe, MAYBE.
Nicholas Klinger - "Could you hear that?" [it was a silent video] There were lots of important messages there...."
what does #WW mean?
That's a good point. I just hope they're not trying to cash in on the Natalie Portman connection with the male readership.
OMFG! I think we all need to sit down and STFU about all these rumors! Do t believe everything the paparazzi says! It's just causing drama!
Ah. The projected self-loathing of the police in the morning...
I decided that Summer will be dedicated to spending time with my old HS friends. I miss those guys like crazy! Need to make up for lost time
Another class hung photos of their own I SPY style vignettes with classroom toys, blocks, play food, etc. So fun!
Constantly amazed while working on 17thc English Caribbean what major topics I can't find any scholarship on. Caribbean was a real place.
cant wait for tommorrow, cause I get fiercer everyday!!!!!!
If you're not concerned with the very poor, because there's safety nets there..you might be Mitt Romney..
hey I need to ask you something! Direct message me!
Morning!! -_- You should have some Pineapple for breakfast.
: Happy B-day Ty!
Using Flickr to Collect Images Captured on Cell Phones, great for presentations about field trips with kids picts.
PickUpLine: The word of the day is "legs." Let's go back to my place and spread the word.
RT "Nobody's perfect." - Nobody's mother
oh I don't? Well fill me in on what I'm missin
RT : #Huawei’s enterprise IP telephony business grew 76% in 2011. Number of port shipments not disclosed in John Roese's...
Baseball is awesome Did u know that huh twits
...so glad I wasn't 16 and pregnant, I'm even more glad that I'm not 27 and pregnant #whatwouldidowithababy?
In love with everyone in 1D 
Went OK-worked with new coach. Now, on to Bankers! Frank! How's Swim Camp? :)
But how do you feel about the politician?
Last player was much younger than the previous 2 semifinalists. Wonder if the judges take age/experience into account?
I see no snow
happy birthday honey boo boo!!!!
Even my lip gloss is cold n its suppose to b that good stuff with shea butter
Nothing's more appropriate for Instagram's nostalgic lens than a shot of the space shuttle flying to D.C.
who needs a fly swatter when you have dexter
Good Morning. Hope you have a great Sat. I'm going to see "Think Like A Man" today. I hear it's funny & U can pick up a tip or two.
Both Facebook and Twitter are the best platforms in the digital space today.
thanks for the follow and congrats on the good work
whoa high stakes!
"Always something there to remind me..."
i wish i could see again :(
not sleeping anyway though...what's up w that?
At least the #Braves , #Falcons & #Hawks got something in common .
...permits limit # of marathon racers. Adding a half lets them increase numbers, due to shorter course.
Pro Bowl tight end Marcedes Lewis has signed his franchise tender with the Jacksonville Jaguars. www.coachescorner.com
hes does make pretty cakes
:I love the way Jay Lethal imitated Macho Man Randy Savage! That was a real trip! RIP Randy Poffo!
- Do you have a facebook page?
email me pics of the new crib! I want to see all the work you and yor mom did!
We're gonna hear the new STP in the Music meeting today
Great and I hope to see you there!
Or, maybe, you could! Are you going to your house when you leave?
I'm a little behind, but the #Tupac hologram was ridiculously accurate. Very cool. More 'Holo-shows' to come?
I have what I think is an old play of yours...Mae & Her Stories. I'd like to ask you about doing a reading of it.
Wish I were in Spain for the race also. Best I could do was cook paella and drink a little sangria during the race.
Bout to go nite nite gotta work in the morning goodnite twitches!
some directioners are so mean! theyre complaining about how young ppl can love 1D without understanding their jokes and stuff
17 more days till Prom:) Can't Wait!
OMG that dog blog. I am laughing hysterically in my office. Well played.
Wandy has been great tonight...hopefully we can finally get to Zambrano.
Can you please come home and love us?
It's really only a matter of time before and I are billionaires. Good idea's always cooking
I'm flying back to Pgh to get my hair dun smh I really need to find a damn hair stylist that KNOWS wat they doin!!!
Going through my portfolio from all my previous classes. Not bad! ;)
I love The Bloggess!
RT : Good night all!
Sittin here with kane...dyed my hair..it looks cool. But somehow i still got it on myself!
Hockey madness and off-season training has begun
This guy just told me "you my future baby mama" i swear i heard it all and seen it all tonight lmao
I’m here to bring you quick and healthy tips and recipes for the whole family!
Is the REO Goldrush small guys looking to strike it rich or the Commercial Investors getting richer?
Evelyn don't cry now faker! No one can talk about you and yours but you can talk abt others! Y'all BIRDS need to stop!
can u plz get Justin to dm me and follow me I will do anything for u plz plz I'm a big fan plz I will do anything if he dos
"Responsible approach to the taxpayer," Kennedy said of setting one election date, with a primary. Cost is expected to be $9 million.
The toughest thing about success is that you've got to keep on being a success
We are un chien andalusia... and we will debase you.
How many actors & models having video reels now?
I cried when I watched Ben Breedlove's videos on his heart condition...
Happy Birthday!! ;)
You are witnessing & reporting - ur version of going to Mass, as u said. Hard to do even that, right?
Plz towhid dont mention him directly....EEeeeehhhhh....they carry dirty diseases.....u might get them
*whoops* i miss spell buddies my bad i hate my computer the keyboard is really fucked up have to get one later...
#HeadingHome cant wait to sleep.... :/
thanks. I will look for those invitations. What did you think of The site? Likes? Dislikes? What can we do to improve?
What local NYC/Brooklyn bands do you have high hopes for in 2012?
Then what did she ask Siri? “: Eating cheeseburgers, scribbling on guitars, writing songs with :)”
How do you feel about combining beer and pomegranate? Yeah I don't like it either. I am drinking a Ft. Collins Brew. They have better beers.
hell, I'd love to relocate. Just have to sell this house first, and THAT is going to be difficult
These caption photos on instagram are cracking me up.
2011 is moving fast Last day of August. What's your plan to make you Sept-Dec the best ever?
yeah cleavage!
Lol I'll give u the link later, they're coming tomorrow.
I admire your views and your desire to help! Hugs
I wish could compete in the Baltimore Grand Prix if I had enough funding #totalletdownfor2011#
It is quite apparent that the 'Washington entity' is not in control but that God is!
beats #Italy for the time ever!
ATL with me friend so EXCITED!
America&#39;s Next Top Model Controversy: Five Possible Reasons Behind the Cast Shakeup
Mathew Curtin giving a very good presentation in electronic health records program
these days it comes, comes, comes, and goes.
we didnt start the video yet...
Can we just like go on a late night drive and not come back or.
haha! Thank you!!
but it is funny that no one i've ever met ever wants that either! ;) so why do people become bitter lonely hermits?!? :/
There is a thin line between what should be and what is.
I'd like to say I was spring cleaning all day, but it feels more like summer.
The love game is never called off on account of darkness. ~ Tom Masson
Tony, your link does not work. where on FHTM Central is the info on Xoom located? Thank you for the help!!!
nine years ago next week.
thank you Scott! We had a great time and can't wait to do it again next year. :) Hope to see you soon
And an awesome job
Good Morning!A nice Cappuccino...CAKE! sounds good. Order our Cappuccino cake today or any of our 13 flavors! WWW.HAPPYCAKEWILLTRAVEL.COM
on the buss and it came on the last day of school and we started crying...
LADIES, some men love it when they woman tell them to pass the blunt & put it on 2 player
Woops. "Upgraded" the database and killed the site. Working on it.
Tangled. Titanic. The Notebook. One Direction Videos
Fun Fact: the macchiato was invented so waiters could tell the difference between straight espresso and that with a bit of milk when serving
Listening to #AllTheWay for like the 100th time tonight!! Love it so much :) :)
OK, friends. Need some help. What's fun to see/do in Dayton, OH?
Life is like a box of chocolates... you need to bite them all in half to see what you truly want.
and now for the annual April 2nd tradition of seeing which April Fool's jokes I fell for online and subsequently shared.
Pretty sure I just failed that bio test.....
Dont see too many pucks go through the net!
Hey !! I miss talking to you
Loving the Twitter app update for android. Blows all other Twitter apps and web version out of the water
Very true! Give me ideas to be better!
I totally agree. You are old.
Qwrap) Susannah Rockman-Lee Learning Technology Manager, thank you for the quality discussion and new technology to ponder.
NP: Master Cylinder - Jung at Heart, Channel 53 on Sirius always bumpin those funky hipster jams!
hell yeah man
It would be weird to never want to watch something a person considers to be one of the best movies of all time more than once.
Gamel in right?
HAPPY MONDAY - $40 ALL TOP STRAINS - NO TAX
Just how I role. is my inspiration.
#2011icf Insights from #DavidPeterson: “I think everyone is coachable…they just may not want to be coached on what YOU think they need....
Barry Bostwick plays a Nuclear Fast Attack Sub Commander named (no joke)Capt. Ahab. It actually gets worse from there.
Answering Questions & Helping You Plan Your NYC Trip!!! Txt 6465806445 Tel 1800972 9940
Eastern Pennsylvania, 9:50am. 87 degrees. Just like DC without any bookstores (bye, bye, Borders)...
hell yea..!
today was all about upper body..lotsa arm weights whew ;)
Tweet at us. Something awesome.
but there is no proof evolution exists and if there really is proof, then it's just God messin with ya 8)
wow! A tweet every 10 seconds? Little aggressive.
Google Photo Tours Take You to 15,000 Destinations [VIDEO]
- have to cast a vote for Fratelli's Flathead
Having dinner at Jaleo/DC Tuesday can't wait to have that fabulous food & the rice pudding:) thanks for saving it for me!
It feels good to have #Real friends. :)
you're not down with the summits anymore? I'm interested in going because I have never gone to one
no wonder you looked familiar ! I enjoy your music by the way and your hugs :) ! xoxo
Yeah, but he can blame it on the alcohol...#couldntresist RT Jamie Foxx is older than Brian McKnight.
yes - I am alive!
My goal is to help people love their gardens as much as they love their sofas!
Bryan eisenberg, , now talking about apple and Steve jobs.
Living to 16 years old in America and graduating High school is to be EXPECTED...they may get something when they graduate college
practice generative listening - discovering what we know, sharing, and opening to possibilities - to be vulnerable a bit
I think it's Charlotte Hornets
Having a clumsy morning just makes Monday even worse. Hopefully this clumsy stage passes quickly!
The Numbers are Devastating: 1 in 100 in U.K.! Join us in the fight against Autism.
Lets do it!
OMGeee, I need to be in WA for this event!!!
You can't on one hand complain about an achievement gap and on the other choke off supplemental ed. funds for poor kids.
I'm worried about in his grief cave. Will he emerge before next season?
Where's an iTunes for Academic Journal Articles? Journals in one marketplace, pay small fee to download issues or articles, track usage.
I need something to do tonight hmu
thanks for following me! It was great to see you in ATL, looking forward to seeing you in #Vegas this week! Safe travels :)
There's still time to win that UMPT water bottle! How many classes have you attended this week?
Welcome to twitter! Loved you on #NCIS and #WaitingForLefty you segway riding son of a gun!
Everybody does that *it's Sasha bitch
Thats how my tiels are! If they cant see me its an issue! Ive been looking for a breeder or rescue here in MO but cant find 1.
have u check our myspace.com/kingdomsoundentertainment
This week just flew by! Time flies when you're having fun :D
Maybe answer to more energy isn't new multi-vitamin; maybe it's new approach to ur business & life, in alignment w true desires.
Tried Out For Talent Show And The Audition lady Said We Killed It!:D
Just got my Ambuzzador package! So happy to be a part of it! Thanks
heard from coworker Lauren you are interested in Lots of good things happening, and we could use your expertise!
Of course, this wouldn't be an issue if they'd just invent a free-range, organic, all-natural, local, ethically sourced Slurpee.
u have done many cover tunes of other artist songs has any artist ever done a cover tune of any of your songs?? If so what song/songs/
Not baked goods, Professor...baked BADS.
Im so chinnky eyed, that I see people waving on a map
haha you would do that! ;)
Yes! It was fun and good to meet you both f2f. I enjoyed your SM suggestions as well!
Happy Easter!
Looking forward to seeing u tonight!
Just got a new phone! !!
Just played a team on FIFA 12 called the 69ers all of the players were 69 overall and from England
Thanks, much!!!
: "yes im jealous of Austin Mahones Microphone thats shaped like a giant dick."---- hey noww
Some might say with your beard, YOU look a lot like Daniel Faraday.
I need someone to do marketing with me next year!!
HEY GO FOLLOW HE IS A GUY ICONiac!! :D Please for me.
lucky guys!
cute but simple always wrks for me. Ur smile will do the rest. Where r u meeting him at?
what does this mean Donna?Visit this free promotion site on my profile if you need more follows..hey follow4follow? will trade
That is fantastic! Congratulations!
exactly. :) how are you?
cuz I just found out the guy I like, likes the girl I don't like-_-
Okay. So night people. <3 i think i'm being awkward.. :3
It's rained for 2 days straight.. what is going on?
I kno u'r not:)_ looks back at you^_^
And it was Ingrid Vidal who put the game in OT for Kansas w/ 3 seconds left, but she was then stoned by A&M keeper Jordan Day in the PKs.
“: they used to say that about the west. Was a great place to build.” < THAT is definitely true.
It definitely is. And if you go I will be very very jealous :) Is FB down for you btw?
You're right, My apologies.
#MentionYourCrush ______ yeah, that's her name!
You always deserve more...!
Listening to 1D :)
And for a second there, I thought you were being healthy ;)
writing about one of our newest WordFrame Integra Customers: ART Healthcare ... will get a good write-up today, looking nice
New song "kickin it" will be up shortly, check out the new song "miss freckles" if you didnt do so yet
Restaurant Refrigeration Bar/ kitchen Equipment Sales & Service 617-792-3350 Boston
I have few projects going on that I need backup singers for, inbox me if you would like to audition. Thanks, Baoku
when's high fest!?
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 11
If I do get Raptured, I want to be able to start humming the Plimsouls' "Million Miles Away" afore I go.
roc please text me back.......(i love you roc) please
What happened! Lol i bet you've already said it like 5 times xD
Must. Not. Lie. Down.
Hardin was rated that because he didn't play the 2011 season.
my favorite note of the weekend. Miss u guys.
Very appreciative of Jim and Fred for our nice "welcome" lunch celebrating Tara and Claire's first week at OnMessage
do you think I'm sexy ?
There is a pain on the left side of my chest. I think I'm dying. If I'm not here tomorrow.. I love you all
That was AWESOME!
Anyone that REALLY wants to learn about using Social Media for Disaster Response is in
Smile lifes to short, and dont get wrinkles either
:D how was your finals??
bodega breakfast
RT : It's amazing how the first heartbreak changes your outlook on every relationship after that.
I love you ♥19
yes, did you not get the shelter in place announcement? If you aren't on campus, don't come until they give an all-clear!
I'm trying to think of one thing that i like about winter......nope...can't think of a thing.
At the outnetwork event at northwestern! Keep up the good work
I found you! Your name is right by mine!
if you love hip hop and believe u can stand out and hold the attention of an audience AUDITION AUDITION 4 THE DIARY OF A HIP HOP ARTIST
I hate watching the news. They always start out with "Good evening Memphis..." Then proceed to tell you why it's not a good evening.
#nmleg An absolute riot that the fuel tax bill followed right on the heels of (passed w/3 amend's) SB44 film tax (sunshine) bill.
-Thanks for the follow buddy. Have any good beer lately?
#lauramarling bit my nails off
best quote of the night! I said to my husband did he say gun or GUT!!?? Bahaha!
Happy Friday!
Well thanks very much for the #ff !
What's the warranty for new construction now? I know there was talk of changing it. I thought there was a 1 & 10 year included?
Do the John Wall - Troop 41!
can't remember when I've seen us play so impressively....not only first half...but entire game!
You're so sweet! Last night I thought I had cavities. Then I remembered that I have infected sinuses. :/ Happy Friday!
Hahah Curtis... I love that Kami keeps you in check. Can't be an easy job.
If you can't have the one you love , than love the one you have...
Just launched our 4 courses for $40 for 40 days to celebrate the opening of Highway! Come downtown and enjoy a great deal at Mike Shannon's.
looking forward to with tonight!
Improvisor, composer, performer, adventurer? I like! Glad you're on the tweet train!
Cool night in the main lobby of the fountainebleau...DJ Fuckles spinning the tunes....I remain deaf and blind.
Must see! Very funny!, Alabama Leprechaun , on You Tube!
i just finished the first one i cant wait to start the second
ok sounds great. See you at 3:00. If something changes let me know. Thanks!!!
and you do it so well ;-)
Looking forward to great crowd tonight!! Can't wait!! Stop on by if your in the bridgeville area RPM's 9pm!!
I know you wanna click that following button under my name !;)
I'm curious who has the highest followers to tweets ratio.. cc:
To be clear, I would _love_ to write the opposite opinion for you. :)
nothing yet. As soon as I know ...
Oh... come on! Let's go to medical.
I am fucked. I don't look with make up on & I don't look good with out make up. I hate my skin.
nothin much...just had a thought...
The power out doesn't help me being lazy lol
Huge momentum shift. Ravens have a great opportunity right here.
Madonna's i am a sinner , gets me going, love this song...
Lots of great deals going around for #BSHM! Be sure to check out too, on sale soon
*smiles* RT : We can add some Raysa-worship to the schedule of events!
- - I'm listening to #KatyPerry, leave me alone. Lol.
can't retweet you but I'm saying same thing
Prayers headed your way! We missed you this morning! :)
Congrats to and for a smashing opening night
Cool. Nice area. :-) ": cool. We are over on lake Michigan, by Benton Harbor!"
#Texas hasn't been this embarrassed since
Dusty Baker doesn't think so..RT on whether or not Fredi Gonzalez overworked Craig Kimbrel .
you and me both! Too bad just gave PhiPhi hope about the "boos" -___-
You mad bro?Yes,yes I'm mad that's obviously why you could tell!
Downloading photos with weird guys from partys :D lool
I hope you guys know that I will follow you if you just ask. ;)
Oh! Some campers just wandered by. Consider it cleaned.
#SignsAFightBout2Breakout people start to pull out phone and yell "WORLDSTARHIPHOP"
Where is the bar that you work? Do you have any great St-Germain cocktails to share?
Where's Asian reporter Trisha Takanawa now bitches??!!
Who likes We Came As Romans?
We learned that in Fable 2.
Top brand of #NFL Draft? #BudLight owned the night Good integration but those guys r just 22. Only a beer brand can pull that off
Picked the girls up from school and they said "no sa leave i stay" that made me a sad sarah
I'm really not getting all the accolades for his performance but I guess he set the bar pretty low.
RT : Augmented reality is when reality & the internet fuse, & digital information is a layer on top of & augmenting reality.
is retweeting people so I thought I'd tweet them. #tweet Go check their music out!
Butchered it. I thought I was bad with quotes/names.
I now have over 3,000 Followers! YIPPEE!!!
It's time to whip this body back into shape! (Anyone got a whip? Or a gun to put to my head?)
We're happy to welcome our new partners! Big things to come
Thanks for the RTs:-)
haha..yes. Kind of. Free all week next week though. SUSHI.
hahahahhahahah mine is to my whole body is dead
Great trick!
we need Tebow for the forth quarter.
Take a chance, while you have the choice
Trying to get on the screen at foxes
I'll use to share my progress during the Nationwide Insurance Columbus Marathon on Oct. 16
RT : The only #FiestaBowl I care about right now is the one on my lap filled with Julio's Chips.
So proud of Nate for peeing in the pot...the potty training begins
Warren Buffett Discloses Prostate Cancer Diagnosis
: What determines whether ICT makes a difference?
i am who i am like it or not am going to be me
Our business is about technology, yes. But it's also about operations and customer relationships. - Michael Dell
the dilettantes and debutantes at the dartboard.
Great friends are what make my world go 'round. Together we work on healhy living and each other we hound. Now our trim bodies astound!
RT : Do you work in Downtown Seattle and want a cup of coffee from but don't want to get maced? it!
Thank you for all you do.
Not over. I'm still headed to Phoenix on Saturday and am looking for a #HAWKS victory.
yeah sure :)
I appreciate everyone that follow me and I sincerely wish everyone a very Merry Christmas!!!
OMFG. He is so sexy!:D lol c:
Haters = Motivation
my office now has carpet!! and a desk!!! exciting day :)
I haven't decided lol
#TheVoice "We're all the same color with the lights off." CeeLo (Love it!)
that's a fine choice! :)
Party looked great and cheers to future successes. Next year you can send me an invite via twitter.
AMAZING RACE: I don't like to say the word, but I hate those Border Patrol Agents.
LMFAO! I ain't on no crack or drugs!
Ahh, insomnia. We meet again.
I'm packing in plastic bags again...
next time you're hacked just try changing your password first. Sometimes that does the trick...it's a hassle though.
Yes. Wrong.
Interviewing on TV can be scary. Forget about the camera and you won't freeze up if you see it as conversation between you and the reporter.
its so beautiful outside so i think i'll tan.
I hope this is not a sign of things to come. The team I was hoping would win yesterday...lost.
Whys are all the MMG conference videos private?
Follow :) follow follow follow :)
Have an upcoming wedding? We offer a 25% off for your upcoming wedding to use at your leisure for those Davids Bridal Customers 419-475-9646
Wait, the won?
Loved that low angle, close up turf shot. We're not at JELD-WEN Field anymore!
nice change of pace from weekend blackouts?
The way you have your hair up , did you forget .. That's me.
Good Morning Everyone
you are super cool... Plus your alarm goes off at a normal hour, unlike this 3am buzzer! ;)
I need you in my life
just saw a green punchie!!! 3/2 Ba. Ring. It. ;D
": Sending #love into the twitterverse!" --Thank you, we need all the love we can get today!" Yup, sure do.
You get the award for the best line at the office today: "try and get through my lysol gauntlet".
RT : Happy to pass #THATCamp Bay Area baton to & Planning begun for Fall 2011! Want to help?
I seriously get the weirdest cravings at night..
This occasion calls for a cigar and a pint of Guiness
Hmm..not that I'm aware of..but Beligans, that's something i can speak for :)
this chick tripping on shrooms in our study hall
I don't give a fuck about the main event, it's all about this fight right now
my wish is that I can meet you soon<3
Win "Dark Shadows" w/ Johnny Depp Midnight Movie passes next on Kiss 97.3
“: "To be honest,38 points I was shocked. He got 38 in the context of team basketball. To me, that really says it all'D'Antoni”
Today is a step closer to your dream, No matter how many times people say no to you never give up!
In this box of old pictures haha I was looking through them today
LESS THAN A WEEK UNTIL OUR FIRST DAY OF TRAINING!! GET EXCITED!!! :)
Porter Square: 2x flavor change this week! Today we've got ever popular Creamsicle. Wait until tomorrow to see what we'll swap rose with :)
it's been exactly 2 months since I've seen you! Woahh xD
Nicolettes Friend said something rude about ICONiacz, & now some ICONiacz are like saying oh why didnt nicolette say anything...
It's all in your tone, girl!
so nice of you to follow us
I think the coffee stopped working...
Wistful acoustic strummer covering "Time of Your Life" by the river taught me you can never graduate from the high school of your heart.
I knew that... then I had a moment where I couldn't remember shit. Thanks Brayden. You asshole.
Guess I was wrong about the Lakers Saturday night. I believe it was wishful thinking.
text me so I can save ur #
My life is OVER!
some chocolate looks good today. :)
the term "mechanically separated meat" also skeeves me
Good morning! up & running with a delicious home-made tropical smoothie :)
cigar good, I had one yesterday but a budweiser?
Am I the only one whos cold ..
Wow Delta owes you something for all the trouble you have with them!
Well, it was pretty silly of me to be looking at the vent anyway.
I could use my "Can you provide evidence to support this point?" rubber stamp on both student papers AND HS friends' FB posts.
Liverpool all the way
so many funny people on twitter tonight lol
damn Austins sexy....
Will look for that, thanks.
is looking for Twitter friend recommendations.... anyone in marketing? denver? business grad school?
You pay out of town niggas, but don't wanna break bread for the hometeam.boy I can't ever rock wit you! We run shit around here
I'm sticking with Chicago tomorrow
Yes we did find love in a hopeless place Rihanna. See you Tuesday night for dinner
aw i would have :( next time
“: Nyc vs. South Beach!! #TeamHEAT!!!”SOUTH BEACH BABY
sweet dreams everyone...
you should feel awesome...I mean u can't tell a lie ;)
I couldn't figure out what was going on. If they were that limited or the effect of cancelled galaxy foams
RT : “When did Amazon become the generic for bookstore?” A Buffalo bookseller skewers Amazon’s role in the ecosystem...
beat go hard bro Yahhhhh
RT : Interesting to hear Pitbulls team say how they leak their own albums to overcome major label (Sony) inertia
i love harry's bum
New to #QuickBooks? Our #AdvancedQuickBooksAdvisor will teach you how to effectively use QuickBooks!
And then good job, run away. SERIOUSLY?! The cops are gonna find your ass. You must be dumb as hell. Really though. I hate my neighborhood.
Def just stared down a guy who looked too much like Arnold at the bus stop... but wasn't him. The #governator probsss doesn't take the bus.
#youknowyouoldwhen you fall asleep while waiting for your takeout at Captain Stanleys....
I also want to incorporate the offer in our corporate eSignatures and a call-to-action in our blogs
honesty. what a concept
Packing it up Bout to see what #Durhamraleigh be like on a friday night!!
happy moms day!
“: Real fans know how Katniss really got the Mockingjay Pin. #BookToMovieProblems #HungerGamesProblems”
That's an incredible story! Tell that to Capitol Hill and ask them to imagine its their child. Arts are as good as saved.
Herb.....putting a #& at the end of Fuck doesn't censor the word.
just saw fat actress for the first time a few days ago n its so good. so mad i didnt have channel b4 n had to miss out on it
Nike should have spent less money on fluorescent yellow and more on spikes that can grip the turf. The Ducks can hardly stand.
STOP STALKING ME !
Yeezy taught you WELL.
Thanks for the amazing soaps! Feel like eating them :)
Two huge losses in the NFL -- Da'Quan Bowers and Phil Taylor. Both teams will be significantly worse along the defensive line.
I'm such a computer GeEk!
I figured I owed it to ya to follow you back!!
Ran/walked 3.5 miles with my momma (: Trying to motivate her into running it all before the 5K in July (:
faggot. im waiting
lol. Bout to hop on this plane and be in the town !!!!
is a derp.
well I do!
Really? It's number 1 for so many weeks! It brought in the most dollars comparing to all other movies..
Listening to talking about the eText initiatives at Madison. New Internet2/Educause pilot
Im to comfortable in my bed ..
I'm really confused right now.
It's the weekend, but for small business owners when does the week end?
He has such a powerful first stride
I guess you did not add to your safe folder
I really wish someone had played Paul's Boutique for me when I was 8.
Great day today. Working more on getting the Exposure unit done for screen printing
Great weekend for bball
Thanks. We like you too!
And by "use data," I mean read--more of a problem than anticipated, even with my patrons here
Me and connecting Friday night to put work in!
Talking hockey with my mentor give her a follow!
please follow back?(:
“I am convinced that life is 10 percent what happens to me and 90 percent how I react to it.” ~ Chuck Swindol
Natalie imbruglia just came on my shuffle...
you look more like and old courier.
Any news story w word "typically" should immediately be shot down as utter crap. Happy Sunday! :)
Thanks so much for waiting!
have one at the Rose &Crown for me!
sounds good. see you then.
Anyone going to a farmers' market this weekend? If so, which one and what are you buying?
Just tapped #AnchorBrewing Christmas 2010 and 2011!!!!! As well as #BrooklynBrewery winter!!
I'm intercontinental when I eat french toast.
but you also know that for every search for a savvy and hip media phd there is also a search for a canonical one. & all inbetween
lol oh thanks love!!
Off the trend topic, but do you all print in house or outsource? If in house what printer do you use?
I can still count to ten on my finger tips.
he takes too many plays off
hey Christian I followed you
Tripping Dad Shatters Alabama’s Championship Trophy
I HATE moist. And I hate that moist towelettes are supposed to clean your hands. Just typing it makes me feel dirty.
I need to stop these goofy tweets and get back into my music. I need a new picture too.
You're very welcome!
Following you pfb
Doing homework for the day at
Find happiness in chaos.
Happy Birthday to my friend !!!
Great Point , Sonia & Gailen (cc. ), will be attending the conference, let's make sure to say hello ..
Up mixing down tracks
.. I'm pretty damn good.. how about you?
I was outside shoveling.. I was wearing basketball shorts, sneakers, an over sized shirt, and gloves. It wasn't even cold..
don't be a hypocrite. You've been hoping for one of those pictures of Jessica Durrell for weeks.
need your thoughts on this move
Merry Christmas everyone!
Thomas Alva Edison~ Just because something doesnt do what you planned it to do doesnt mean its useless.
Now && Then I Think Of All The Times You Screwed Me Over, Had Me Believing That It Was Always Something That I've Done .
anyways, hahaaa, i'll stop spamming you twitter messages now :)) ttys!
God shows up and shows out!
be a great listener; It requires paying attention
You guys are the cutest!! #RaddonFamilyRocks RT : “: I'm a mom ninja” YES U R! Love you, see you soon. 😍
whoa. the awkward moment when you are sitting behind someone in class that is creeping on your facebook. #doiknowyou?
How bout dem Os
Tell us how you really feel Annie lol! RT : I would rather chew my arm off & beat myself with it than see the Woman in Black.
Dirk's on career mode haha. and we'll see how Game 1 goes tonight
RT rtnailed it. RT : cold is finally here {and snow}
I wanna go out I'm bored I'm sick been and house every weekend
SO2 my pusslips <3 fuckin gorgeous! She's the nicest girl ever! You gotta get to know the real her <3 follow her!
Welcome, happy tweeting
Mother love is the fuel that enables a normal human being to do the impossible. ~Marion C. G I hope everyone has a wonderful Mother's Day!
I Hate Watching State Farm Halftime Report on ABC. They Always talking Bull Shit about the Heat.
Cyber Monday! Have you been wrapping up your Holiday shopping? Don't forget to stop by one of our stores for some stocking stuffers!
anger management
We need to hear a good story from this weekend. GO!
...meaning going to the gym, having dinner with John, reading my books, and working on my monologues!!!
clearly...frame that pic :p
I live u Madison follow me it will mean alot plzzzzz!!!;)
I just want to curl up in my bed and watch gossip girl
Art by Tim Stapleton and confections by Pastrygirl -- it's the best First Friday ever!
Hoopla: we appear to love it,whats the next hot issue, .What's Your opinion ? How do YOU feel ? Next / Pandering/Next /Quick /Next
The Skin I'm In by Sharon G Flake. Great read!!
Weekly reader Q&A! Tweet us any questions you have about the Chicago #Bears. We’ll answer them in tomorrow's column.
When you can do the common things of life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world - George Washington Carver
too far
cuz I feel like being wreckless!!! Hahaha jkjk. I was at the light
Frantically researching WA Segway & Moped rentals. Fuel NP
Retweet this for a chance to win FREE Tickets to see us open for #Fuel at June 15th
no way! Smh he's a big waste of space I swear I've really tried to reach out to him, but he's too much of a LIAR for me!
Oh man I forgot to put my piercings back in . Well this is gonna take a while -__-
Don't know about Lotte in Chantilly? Maybe I can help you. Fresh garbanzos& sea urchin; 7 kinds of house-made kimchi. Talk 2 me for a tour.
“: Taurus #ZodiacPeople - Taurus women do not back down easily.” Wow, I'm thinking they're reading my mind with these tweets!
Thx to Netflix I'm burning through all the early seasons - excited for Sunday 2
Joe needs to get Demi back. Not Taylor.
HAPPY NEW YEARS from MIX!
Ira Glass this weekend!!!
Sat. night's wine dinner went well. Fabulous four-course meal + #Bordeaux wines= Ultimate Dinning Experience
To climb steep hills requires a slow pace at first.William Shakespeare
I think I get where you're going, but we should talk more. Linked Data to the rescue!
Thanks very much - glad you liked the blogpost and
That is maybe the most jealous I have ever been of anything ever. Ever.
follow my new twitter...
When it comes to food I'm a fatty
RT : #PBLChat Tues 9pm EST Releasing process/responsibility to students. Creating a culture of independence!
Educators-only event at #Museum on Wednesday, 1/25 @ 5 PM. Staff will present the new Teacher Guide materials. RSVP
Reason #217 to own a cat: when they sit on your lap while you're working at your computer, you feel like a James Bond villain.
#webutterthebreadwithbutter clever band name. Sarcastic of course. Deathcore bands still struggling to impress me with band names.
Il Mito is delicious. Why didn't you fools tell me sooner?
oh cool. glad you liked it. i appreciate the feedback. best, pete
Visiting my girlfriend at work. Free beer! Haha.
Oh my gosh. I love this class!
Woke up late, working 12 hours... May have forgotten to brush my hair.
I stress out too much.
Atlanta Metropolitan College
Who do you buy the biggest gift for?
A guy is singing Storm Warning on American Idol! :D
. I found you need to advertise a day ahead. Pacific time for the promo. East coast is going early. 1/3 of mine went by 9:00 MT
Don't you just HATE one word replys? like 'Yeah' 'Ok' 'K' or 'Idk'
The Super Mystery Jackpot Sond Contest jackpot that can be won if you sing the right song on Tuesday night is $80 !
Just turned on Bulls game for a minute. WTF are the Raptors wearing? Those uniforms are horrible.
I love on some #RNS all the stupid stuff she might do.... All the ish we been thru... Thts my ride or die <3
I LOVED that moment in Sex and the City! So victorious for Carrie. I should do that; Wondering if they'd notice.
I think it should be a rule that if you're going to the #oscars you have to have ashes dumped on you
follow back? :)
RT : This is the promo that aired during American Idol tonight. The full piece will be shown on......
ok, sorry I couldn't get you one last night. Let me know how she likes it!
L Moore's awesome new book: Sister Arts: Erotics of Lesbian Landscapes (1/2)
welcome back to Twitter!
Seriously?!? I want to catch it!
Sheldon's correct, if you don't want something taken back you have to say "no backsies."
one of your biggest fans miss ferrett!! can we be expecting an album soon?
well then uh nevermind..
thx! We were shocked too!
Just had a walking taco at a youth tournament. It was everything I hoped it would be.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAhhhhhhhhhhhhhh How Sweet. Can we cuddle? Love that attitude!!! <3<3<3
04.17.12 -- A day to get all things squared away. Settle your finances. Sign a contract. Organize your life.
Excited about dinner Spoon and orchestra seats for Cirque Du Soleil's Michael Jackson tribute at Staples Ctr. Yaaaay!!!!
Okay, so some things are free, but why, oh why would you try to FIX #instagram on America's Friday night...or Indonesia's Saturday??
Were performing at Saturday March 10th! come out for a night of awesome hip hop and learn kiddies!
asteris RT from Iran websites close to Mousavi are warning people of pre-staged violence in today's rally
Think about this when hiring a vendor: the person you love working with leaves the company. Do you still want to work with the company?
RT : the girls hair on the "tough love" show with the red hair>
I'm so mad. My Friend got Vlados. The grey and pink ones. So jealous.
thanks for the RT. And seriously, keep up the great work.
What a day to be a historian!!!
please stop shouting at me. I have sensitive ears.
get out and enjoy the sun! hey look, the 4sq url is my last name.
Happy Friday!
lol what is that site?
am I looking at the correct score. 3 runs through four inninngs?!?
I did. I like your family. I keep hoping to get adopted :) When are you coming back to the bay?
RT : #dscoop7 party kicks off at 7 tonight in Potomac ballroom. Join us for dancing, bball and laughs!
Thank you Lord for the rain, we needed it!
RT : RT : RT : #np "your my baby" and •still playing even now
Congrats AU #theatre juniors Haely Jardas & Michael Poandl for doing an extraordinary job American College Theatre Festival!
you paid 14.99 for Snakes on a Plane. You were either high or robbed?
You know, there is an option to give more $ than you owe at the bottom of your 1040, 1%, so stop with the signs requesting to be taxed more.
Josh Smith...middle finger to you dude.
You can see how much SYTYCD really cares about the dancers. Also is as stunningly beautiful in person as on TV.
Feeling real good right now. Thanks to michelle of kissable lips cosmetics and her tips on exfoliation. No homo.
Thanks for sending it, tho! Can't imagine he'll be invited back. Is it ever a good idea to start a lecture w/ a Klan joke?!
Judging from the driver in front of me, the traffic circle in Olmos Park is VERY CONFUSING.
RT Professional courtesy: do you extend it and to what point? / Sure, as much as I can. Hard to answer here esp w/RT text!
A snitch nigga, that's that shit I DON'T LIKE!
Im here
How do u close running apps.
haha :/ yeahh but that's good too I guess..
Getting my nails done with my mom and sister
Brides to be come see us at Hotel ABQ today! Perfect wedding guide show from 1-4pm!
Everyone should be happy & realize how short life is! Take every second for granted one day it can all be gone
Need to go get my dress altered asap
Here we go dog...adorable. Love the plug for rescue dogs at the end.
where did you have an interview at?
i wish i went :/
Our generation is fucked up o:
what happened?
So is going to be a dad. Bets on his kids sport...I'm putting my money on curling and badminton
Industrial. Every time.
You mean the world to me!
hm i dont think im a restaurant :)
well maybe one day we'll make it big and be living out there!!! but grater's will for sure have to be sent out to us.....
I get the best feeling in the world when you say "Hi" or smile at me, because I know that even for a second that I've crossed your mind.
I applaud your efforts But it ain't looking good.
Tip: Retweet any concert announcements you find interesting in San Marcos!
“: So I'll just tweet today... Not too many calls or text are gonna be answered sorry”it be like dat!
He was such a jerk. I watched their 2-part wedding special, and I kept thinking "WHY?!" is she with him!
I'd love to see a research video in the style of "The Artist" :-)
we live life 2 learn lessons
is tomorrow. Kickoff tonight, ready to get my network and inspiration on!
Deep into the rewrite on
Spring Cleaning! What are you doing on this Saturday evening?
they do. he told me. & it wouldnt surprise me if they suck eachother off every night
OMG. My senioritis has taken a turn for the worst. Might not make it.
Am at a hippy concert in Grand Prairie,TX wishing I were Lisa Lampanelli's date
$45 to go 1 mile back to my house? No thanks!! Your accelerator fare is less than cool.
Hating this weather with a cold, wet passion
Catching somone in the act... Priceless!!!
--Thank you for answering me back--Lets keep each other in mind--
I hope you know your air drumming sound like shit, moron.
be safe homie
Not asking how to make YOU chant, big fella...
Originality is my favorite quality. You have to lead yourself before you can lead others.
It's the Opening Day of 2011! Tonight: NATURAL SELECTION (Sold Out!!!), GNARR and MY WEDDING AND OTHER SECRETS!
You jagaloons! You're failures! Fail-ures!
Special tribute to our good friend, Heather Pick this morning..ee what a local business is doing to honor her legacy, this morning on 10TV.
Have a great day
buy out JO and Wilcox, sign Fesenko and Diaw, we get the rebounding BIG and the scoring option off the bench, its simple!
#NorthCarolina is trending its a sign!
We're supporting 's anti-social media night
Hey Girl! It is at CPCC, March 13! 3:30...miss seeing you so much!
Great weekend Israel Independence day at the Straz Center in Tampa, now off to Pier 60 to finish things off!
Congrats! Great news!
I went home and changed back to normal.
who do u think is the cutest?
Fontainebleau High homecoming week a success
yea am better bro thanks for askin....
so many reasons why not. Might as well use bourbon in your sazerac.
#StatusNightClub is that move this Friday. We popping bottles for
Lots of fun traffic today...photo booth arriving soon and all the last minute touches for tonight's opening!
Implement video more often around the bases.
Singers, Great information about music business and building your fan base !Check out
Off to see "Husbands and Lovers" with my lover at the Wash Stage Guild.... Oh, #fellowsmafia will be there as well
Catch at Nickleby's (1947 W. Market) in #Akron tomorrow night! #freedrink on me with Retweet of this!
Hey....my baby cousin is getting mad radio play here in Pittsburgh! Gotta tell Shonee this one!
folks b so #petty dez days its crazy dats y i jus stay to my mf self !!!!
i am trying to find a sponsor for a Los Munequitos De Matanzas workshop on april 27th in cleveland , Ohio. where their performing.
If you ruin my plans for today. I will end you.
The only reason I want all drugs legalized is to see the commercials for them. Lol.
Awesome! Who says all the news coming out of Syracuse University is bad these days?
hey young lady! ♥ how's your day so far? :)
...she tweeted, at 2am. RT : why am i only tired in the morning?
allyouneedolga.webstore.com we area trending world wide click the link on my profile to find out why
Proud to be a young American. After working with the 100 student volunteers for the Pure Celebration event at Samford University I can tel…
Life and Times with Tim is amazing.
yeah!! We out here. Mayweather won
Lol, I like your bikini. 😏
#REMIX Deemed America ’s top DJ, Kaskade put on a show for the ages during this years Coachella Festival in the Indio desert. Lucky for u
so much truth in that statement!
Hope we win today!:)
Hey everyone! It's Sara(: Hope everyone is having a wonderful day! I know here at Mahoneway we are :D
damn didn't expect that many. Preciate it.
Know how to ask. There is nothing more difficult for some people, nor for others, easier.
Golf courses look especially extravagent and out of place from the air.
Adjunct faculty should be permitted (and encouraged) to teach courses in their areas of expertise! Fear not, we will still teach FYC!
(personally this hits very home for me & I'm at a loss for words…)
Age does not imply wisdom
shit . okay lemme ask for Saturday !
yep, I'm going to hang out for part of this one, and then I'm going to see an old coworker's future 15 at the hyatt at 6. You?
Forget yesterday’s achievements; look forward to tomorrow’s Possibilities.
Just finished watching the new and how to rock! I'm excited for the 1 hour special of victorious. :]
Ah HA! FALSIFIED!
You ain't shit and that's truth! Real talk that ain't no lie!
Not specifically, but we do want to make sure we're on our game for PAX!
yes. Im mad af
Oh yeah, it's April Fool's huh? Day of (annoying) fake pregnancies/engagements. Awesome.
Good morning! Quick question for today: What is everyone's favorite kind of art?
they are hard to tell apart. But zombies wear real lenses in their glasses.
I HATE thirsty ass bitches!!!!!
#S_H_O_U_T_O_U_T My new followers I'm following back.
Being a "new" restaurant is not an excuse for bad food & poor service. If ur not ready to open then don't!
Tomorrow Orientation Day..!This only concerns the new student at Harriet Fulbright College..
Send us ur questions!
"Italy Misses Kidrauhl" gtfo already. There is a lot of place he havent even been to yet, like Norway and Sweden! Give them a chance.
my little brother came down stairs, seen Hollie Cavanagh on #idol. & said she was 'real sexy'. lol, made my night.
No thank YOU. -BF
we love awesome #customerservice titles, too! one of our favs on our team? The Woman Behind the Curtain, aka
#rockies lose lead, tied 8-8, and stadium playing ' what doesn't kill you makes you stronger'
I wanted Raven to win, but also Tyra was pretty good! Good Luck to all of them, hoping Episode 3 will be cool as the other ones!
Check your dm
Vitello's Jazz Club Hosts Jazz Relief for Japan/Concerts & Fundraiser Event with Support from Local Jazz Community
omg thts how it is :{
Game time
Thank you for RT! Best wishes for a healthy and prosperous New Year!
new leaf of workplace punctuality and continued anti-internet stalker aesthetics // low lights no windows 2k12 // GET ON TIME LIFE
its going great my aunt Jenna fell and its still the laugh of the day
chris brown
Work first, play later.
haha, say hello to the wifey as she drives the car!
We are so excited about our new office in #RVA!! Looking forward to good times with our suite mates #SassyShoeGallery & #RichmondBlack.com!
If you had the chance to name a never-before-seen rare stone, what would it be?
With ally #best friend
is that thing alive?
just wasting time waiting on the food to get done
next person that tells me Joe Flacco sucks and we should get rid of him I'm b**** slapping in the face
I'm just trying to make it in a world set up to fail.
Conda has completely ruined this season of The Biggest Loser.She has a horrible attitude. Shameful.
Butler basketball ..... can hardly believe I am here.
Just found out the grammys are today--my day became exponentially better.
So, Baby Aziz ain't happening?
That's just great. I wanted nonegg eggs! #sarcasm RT : A warning label on eggs: caution, this product may contain eggs
At Yu Me Ya Sake House. Amazing!
This day just needs to fly by.
Thanks for the retweet girl. Need a twitter lesson soon....
Go see Hobo With A Shotgun and Takashi Miike's 13 Assassins.
The 100.00 Sew-in @ A Cut above comes with a cut and style 404.454.1494 Jaunita
What other free papers will want in at Roundy's supermarkets now that Shepherd Express is back on stands? New Pressroom Buzz.
“: #IfIwasPresident The penalty for driving slow in the fast lane...Death. Texting during a film..Death. have my vote bro!
Girl you Deserve it...
Im preforming May !^ 5pm bra come check it out its gone be dope and its gone smack. its gone be opportunities too to talk biz
Nordic skiing at the Gold Run Nordic Center tomorrow! Come celebrate the winter with the Summit Nordic Club and Team Summit Colorado
hell yes! Had a blast.
In first block and already wanna go home! But nope have drivers ed right after school on the nicest day in march! #thissucks!
..but asking for permission
check your schedule and get clearance. Popcorn? Yes. JUMBO size Popcorn? Not this guy. Short stay at Wood Island? Maybe anyway.
Keep Hope Alive?
are you drinking wine with that yummy dinner?
"Hola !!: "Throw her on the bed and kiss her like You mean it. Bet she"ll be thinking about you all day at work.""
At 40K, realized story starts 2mos frm where I was writing. So, starting over-ish... will get to 50K, then will have to reread/reshuffle
followed,follow back?<3
Publishing books is a lot like wildcatting - you do your best work every day and you have no idea which one will hit, but one will.
Some people pay a compliment as if they expect a receipt - Kin Hubbard
We tend not to use them, but they work fine and are good for protecting the base of a tree. may be able to help.
lol u really not
only cause u the best
Oh bacon, why must you be so tasty, yet so bad for me?
Thank god I have to make me feel less psychotic #Stalkers #ShowYouCrazy #FuckWithUs she's me co-pilot in crime
Whose pumped for the NATO in chicago this year!!!!
Fraud tip of the day! Sort/Rank vendors by those with a high percentage of rounded-amount invoices. Anything suspicious?
well except for IDOL
OTOH, it was the easiest way for me to identify which guys to avoid freshman year; they would ALWAYS quote that line.
Oddly enough, I think I've been to Qatar ... but I can't be entirely certain.
Men do less than they ought,unless they do all they can.Thomas Carlyle
I WILL RESIST!
So who would like to show some love and see US (WSR/TUCSON) in the battle for ARIZONA'S FINEST!? Vote WSR for. Vans Warped Tour 2012
- Tempting. Very tempting. May be in touch!
awww, it's not that bad.
I hate them. But i love !!!
I know this defys the law of gravity, but I never studied law--Bugs Bunny
I'm less worried about the 3D and more upset about the lack of Sam Waterson!!!
Vis art class is boring
Fantastic new Hayes Carll EP on iTunes of his recent SXSW performance. The song One Bed, Two Girls, Three Bottles of Wine is classic Hayes.
Great book for people who wish to be more enlightened!
can't wait to see you!!
“: LUNCH WITH !! MISS THAT GIRL.” -- I'm so glad I didn't have to eat by myself today!
that is awesome. I have ideas in case you were wondering, but you probably already knew I have ideas;)
Thank you everyone for participating in our celebration of World Literacy Day! We hope you enjoyed it as much as we did!
Are you in South Africa or the states??
#TheWireTaughtMe the proper usage of jail ("I know how to") and police ("I'm a")
Cool! Thanks for checking it out! it was fun.
CRIME AND TERRIRSTS WATCH WILL START AT 1AM
thank you for listening, lady! There's a lot of heart and soul in that...
you should follow me because yolo
Hey Mr. Dorsey, how about a Who am I... wednesdays. We pick a scene from a movie and say who am i? Can you start that.
ironically, as a result of my last tweet, I got a spam message...
Bored sumbody talk to me
Most-Added Fantasy Baseball Batters from Week 4: Fan’s Review
i don't respect nobody who dont respect me str8-up
": ": " can't even touch this" ;) -- Words of "U dang rite." Haha. That was hilarious!
too nice to come back inside
You know I dream in colors, and do the things I want
Fuck you and you and you
you're no fun :p haha
Me too!! Cross your fingers for me ;)
hahahahahahaha .... our daughter just told : "I need to comb your butt."
Hold my juice, let's go!
Good luck! RT : So excited to be giving a speech tonight at the donors recognition dinner at
The mobile app is looking really sweet. Time to work on copy, copy, copy....
okay thank you!
just took my hemo rage, this ones for you man!
Thanks for hooking up!
This Sunday at Screaming Tuna couldn't get any bigger! Brunch 11 - 2. S.I.N. Sunday 4:30 - 10. AND a Mothers Day 3 Course for $35 special!
says cong. Lines drawn by magistrate very similar to what legislature drew
Do we know why some in lower classes r attracted to RW extremism? Ideas? We better figure it out!
My very first celebrity crush has just died. Goodbye, Davy Jones.
it always bums me out each year when #comiccon is in full swing and i'm not there.
Hey Ryan! Thanks for following!
Hangin with my bros at Harrigans in Dayton. David's band "See Alice Jones" is playing. Gonna be fun.
im jealous!
Godspeed, is that how fast NU b-ball goes from bad to mid-major mediocre?
I am so Hungry!!!!
This is wonderful. RT : "A book must be the axe for the frozen sea inside us." -- Kafka
CRAP ON A CRACKER !!!!!!!!! I MISSED MURPH! #busyseason sniff RT : Daniel Murphy is on now! Tune in!
We would sale more houses to people who are working with good credit if down payment was not 20% and upkeep was not so high
Working with an iced venti nonfat two pump chai.
we're gonna have 5 contest for fans to win something from each of us but it's not starting till later..we need ppl to be in it
@ phops802 The mayans were enslaved before they could finish their calendar....that's my story and I'm sticking to it.
ha I wouldn't expect anything less
Doing an annotated bib on classification and cataloging. Man, I love being a #library science student.
I wonder if a unicorn's horn grows when it gets a boner......
Think of yourself as a toy train. All toy trains de-rail now and then. Pick yourself up, dust yourself off and get back on track.
Everything is funnier when your with your best friend.
I wonder when will show up.
I enjoyed watching u get your dance on this AM while watching , my legacy to , perform on the 1 & 2s.
I went to my first roller derby bout. Ever been? I strongly suggest it!
Signed up for today. We'll see how this goes -
This whole not having wikipedia for the day is really annoying
I actually used to enjoy Matisyahu, but now he just seems like some sort of immodest yahoo.
~Thx so mucn.....have a great weekend!
It's super hot today. Damn.
Is a recipe a genre? yes! a collection of conventions, a way of organizing.. write a recipe about the writing process!
You remind me of a landshark
+1 "a 'portal' is something you built in the 1990s... the big successful companies today are generative platforms" -
Twitter threatened with lawsuit by Israeli law ctr for allegedly 'aiding' terrorist groups, al-shabaab, Hezbollah via Kevin Flower
you're so fine i'd go half on a ticket just for a hug #faints lol
And when they do, they're cheapo crap caps. Do yourself a favor and order something truly wearable from
He likes it!! "it's kinda like baby food but it's good"
Well, been in Seattle less than 3 months and have landed a house gig at My Greek & Italian Restaurant in Tacoma two Fridays a month.
haha yeah I just put up one:)
#nuggets put up a good fight but couldn't pull it off #lakers 96-87 in game 7 of the
The earlier a child is exposed to advertising the more likely they are to be influenced by it.
How is your Sunday night treating you?! What did your workout consist of today?
Follow back?
glad to have you here. As u can see, I don't tweet much...lol
nice job, and nice win!
Don't miss tonight's Downtown Hoedown at the Fremont Street Experience in Vegas opening the National Finals Rodeo!
Working on meta tags w/ India team for
Terrible foul call!
Forgot how much I love thunder storms. Time to open the shades.
Summerhouse Five.
Scandal rocks! I've been a fan of yours from the beginning but thus far this is my FAVE!
#IamAStanBecause eminem makes love songs about hip-hop
OpenStudy is leveraging this right now RT : Most under-utilized asset in learning is other learners - how do we shift the ec…
wow -- that didn't even make sense to me. how did nyjer get home so fast?
lol @ the radio version of superman. "But I do know one thing though, chickens they come and go."
If I get home and Justin Beiber is in my bed I'm gonna know exactly how felt tonight
“Courage is the discovery that you may not win, and trying when you know you can lose.” meimei" - Tom Krause
"Friend" is a strong word.
So much better than the club...
is matching its members donations to several different organizations for
Nice article Where's your next trip?
Foodie #ff Thanks a bunch. Great group there
I read Hunger Games x3 as a narrative of resistance to state authority and to language of power. Surprised how few others seem to agree.
Good night.
Glad you decided to check out !RT i was skeptical about at 1st but i listened & they are actually good
got one! I'll be there! Let's meet up. Text me later
New Yorkers are 1) smiling and 2) wandering around aimlessly. 70 degree weather turns this place into an entirely different city. #Portland?
Brrr...it's cold out! Call the DC Hypothermia Hotline at 1-800-535-7252 if you see a homeless person out on the street.
Woke up to 70 followers ( in 2 days) #blessed Thanks for ur support!
Day 4: over the continental divide, onward to Flagstaff, AZ...
yo sarcasm hurts
Ok thank you I will check your link
Talking is silver, silence is gold. - German Proverb
Saturday detention and Grease rehearsals today.
Back in NYC after a nice Holiday up North
Clinton: "we're the only country in the world that has a major political party that denies climate change"
I wanna go swimming! It feels so good outside ☀😊
Welcome in! Happy Birthday, and happy #whitesox win--always a treat to have you here.
I love it! Great quote u have! I'm going to steal it!
Bed time
You changed the filter - didn't you, Mitchell!
Your thoughts?RT : Who wins Cain or dos Santos?
What do I say!?
haha while the pic was loading i was like it better be angel and not some girl :p
RT : I do but I'm assuming this is another Bri < yea nah another one. lol
My baby Zooey deschanel was on the new I-Phone 4s Commercial :)
hows it going?
hello beautiful
At the house whats good RT : what's gud
I'm thinking Pig and Bird might have the reverse effect.... but that's Nun of my business.
science class. watching a gross movie.
My mom got married yesterday ♥
Shana Tova for everyone ! Have a wonderful new Year full of blessings.
Be careful if you are on the roads in #SanAntonio this morning! Roads are very wet!! Stay safe! :)
Agreed! Insensitive and Disrespectful!
Heck yes! It should be pretty funny! I hope
Who tf smoke paper
Was Alicia made a partner or offered partnership?
hey Hanna :) we'd really like to send you our "Death Before Decaf" long sleeve shirt! Do you have the same address?
we love "The Middle" what don't you like about it? I hope your building is OK.
hey! :) your amazing! <3
Prop 8 goes down! The sun is shining, and love prevails over hate, at least for now.
Pastor McCann will be on TBN tonight at 10pm! Check it out! This guy changed my life.
bro fill me in wtf is goin on wit ya boy ?
Come check out surrender tonight it's the nightclub at encore las Vegas Only
Rub a dub dub... we got along with setting up shop at fEASTival 2012! Excited to have you, ladies!
Seen tonight:"Nevando Voy" from Spain about 4 factory workers; and "Amor en Fin" in the days leading up to the 2006 MX prez election.
/via Miss the 7am #worldcup game? #ESP vs #CHI & #SUI vs #HON is @ 11:30. Perfect to try out our new breakfast or lunch items!
Wow RT : My dream event. MT : John Jeremiah Sullivan & Geoff Dyer in conversation at 192 Books, 3/9
Best part of my lunch today was the dessert that was put in my bag...didnt know how good can be! Thanks
looks delish! How's it taste?
Good morning. What's for dessert?
Did you know that one out of every 3 Not Like This members is naked at any given time?
If they do, it only makes them Super-STUPID!
I Have Ice Cream C:
Do u gadget zoo? And if so, did you invite your community to share their personal gadgets? Please get in touch. We'd love to hear about it!
getting my braces tomorrow. Getting them red in your honor❤ Your my inspiration. Your what makes me happy. Please follow me?❤
Marcus you'n even gotta pay sht.. I know u don't!
I just hate it when someone says they are going to do something and they don't!
Addicted to The Sopranos right now. A decade late.
Fuck who you want and fuck who you like!
It's taking everything in me to just not brake down right now.
can everyone follow me and i will follow back
All women are but I still think you are awesome and you can always get eggs somewhere <3
Any suggestions for places to go on st pattys if you want tasty irish treats but want to avoid the 22 y/o drunk on green beer crowd?
Take a glance at the new uniforms for our boys at the dome!
I love being unemployed. It's like being a kept woman. This works for me. Is that so wrong?
Feeling Cheated <
RT I JUST WON TICKETS AND A PRIVATE PERFORMANCE IN BUFFALO! THANK YOU ! I'M FREAKING OUT.
I hope everyone knows that Ron Artest is THAT nigga.
thanks for teach d kid something new lol🙏
THE END OF AN ERA MAKE IT! H VS HBK VS UNDERTAKE
Is trying to make gingerbread muffins. Sadly, they don't look like "one big chewy corner." Darn.
Zapata, no you just looked like some one I knew.. Britney Spears?
No not yet!! But its in the works!! Don't worry!! :)
#Battleship... Go see it!!! Loved it :)
I want to go see Titanic 3D :)
I want someone that will come to my rescue when I'm in danger
Hope you have a great Monday!
RT Once you have feelings for someone, it will always be there. You may not like them anymore, but you still care.
New photos/video coming soon!
RT : Jim Carrey would write Tupac funny letters while he was in prison to help make him smile.
Best ending to a college baseball game. Ever. Go #hoos !
welcome to my street team and thank you for the support on facebook & twitter :) I love my fans!
Nobody takes what he says seriously anyway. His hockey IQ is lower than most fans. Just look at his Islanders GM record.
No need to watch today; niners lost , w/b the steelers?
they sell thinners or something. At least I've heard
Trying to see what all the mystery is about with secret social media site Waiting for my invite...
Why am I sleep retarded?
One more conference call.
Love life while we're still alive.
Open position with insurance company. 4-40 or 2-20 license preferred not required. Message me for contact info. Spread the word. They want …
Welcome back from spring break!
I am a data convert. Numbers teach us about our neighbors in crisis. Can't wait for #PITCOUNT on Thursday.
Keep it 2gether, Keep it 2gether, Keep it 2gether... Head up.
better reread your lease agreement to see if there's an early termination fee
I'm having extreme nostalgia for Hawaii right now :( take me back.
What is the deal when a human girl sneezes like a Disney princess? Is it real life?
RT Pretending not to care but actually wanting to cry. :/
so add the 2 turn overs..he doesn't score as much, rebounds the same, turns over the same, and passes the same.
My love for you has no (38th) parallel.
Morning people check out my new Song superstar
thank you SO MUCH! for taking the time to read my novel and also to let me know that you liked it. Much appreciated.
Oh you celebrate 4/20? Congratulations you're to trashy to have a job that drug test.
allyouneedolga.webstore.com poised for world wide internet sales domination link is on my profile go find out why we area the best
hey mama at home chillin, whats new?
Not necessarily. There are no sparkles in Harry Potter or Hunger Games.
Zhanaozen-bloody bogey! Kazakhstan for a week
Order the Fish Taco without Tangy White Sauce and you’ll avoid 12 grams of cholesterol and 117 calories.
People underestimate brick squad . There just jealous that waka screams in his songs and there still hits.
Hah!! RT No force on Earth is more irresistible than cuteness. If Mussolini were a puppy you'd all be speaking Italian now.
stay schemin and yellow diamonds is so loud the windows breathing
@ 2:30 is losing in FIFA all are welcome to attended aka
I will be there. Please stop by the booth
I'm not angry I'm just saaayyyyiiing, sometimes goodbye is a second chance #NP 👋🎶
not appropriate for any private club I've been to, but if the local muni allows them, go for it if you want.
POSITIVE > negative. God has unlimited resources at his disposal. Focus on what HE has, not what you have.
Agnes scott flash mob
So glad I switched from to (read it later). New features keep proving it to be the better service.
I'm sure the or the might be able to steer you in the right direction on that front.
Can't wait for e.company's cd release party this Saturday at Blue Nile. Sharing the stage is Gravity A and Big Rock Candy Mountain. Oh Yeah!
My employer is extending an offer to a talented PHP Dev. Am excited at the prospects of what we can accomplish.
hope you're enjoying #CommercialFree Music! It's happening right now :D
I used to live right around there myself..yeah prb at her b-day and then early Aug... ;)
Im doing a little better & i already read itt (:
Early start...back-2-back meetings all day for "A Ray of Hope"
you bet she is! What's new with you?
Okay that tweet got ahead of itself, another acceptance speech pulled from Clueless would fit here, but we've been there...
#Occupy Seattle this is very positive and high energy! So great to be part of it all!
#Rayj smoked some butt naked before he did that interview
You ONLY have 3 timeouts left Baylor in the game!!
Ah feels so good to play volleyball again! <3
I THREW YOUR SHIT INTO A BAG AND PUSHED IT DOWN THE STAIRS
You online? Make #huggle TREND!!!
Staying up late just so I can see 8 flavahz performance again
i want some mcdonalds french fries
Plums. Got sweet sweet plums from the farmers market.
I know eating this McDonalds that run pointless but I grind hard in workouts everyday
on it now thanks. going to take first picture very very soon.
outstanding fines? owe the library materials for books you lost? post a question and ill give you the best answer to get it resolved!
For once I actually chose the faster security line airport! Why no premium flier line, gurl? It's 2012! It's time.
Before I depart to the spreadsheet mines, join me in wishing a very Happy Birthday
I love :) he's my bestfriend!!!!
I have love for everyone dispite on how shady you are life is to short to be holding grudges on people and stressing shit Money is the moto
I'm going to one day appreciate the hard times I'm experiencing today...wow what a concept to absorb
beautiful day today! off to bed early before another great week. :) z...
ah! I see
thanks for the tips and advice. Time to shatter my 2012 goals!
I love coffee!
Wanted to fake out but i gotta get this 2nd workout in
Was using past tense on Fox RT : Perry says he will "wait and see in the morning what it looks like." Aides say SC is next
I MEAN ITS NOT LIKE UR TALKING TO MOM IT COULD JUST BE U AND ME PERSONAL AND I WONT TELL MOM NOTHING
well listen it better be real nice cause I did quite a bit of bronzing today.. I think I'm
Thats what I'm saying!!!!
Hey I may never forgive you for stealing my penguin onesie.
"I cannot say so without scientific evidence." But I can go on a completely unrelated rant that does have scientific evidence.
#iCantBeTheOnlyPerson NOT WANTING A PLAYBOY BUNNY FOR EASTER..
keep tweeting. Change the name in your own time.
Median home value.
Nice #eyecandy yummy guy without shirt.
I used the approach early in my career but got away from it. Not sure why. Def a good fit for some
Do what you want im just saying... words cut deep.
My birthday is tomarrow wish me a good one *1dayy<3*
hi! i want a copy of first aid kit's newest! i also just wanted to say hi :)
#4DAYS Till #BOYFRIEND !!! I Can't Wait!!(: Follow Me?(:
Did Esperanza Spalding wake up on a boat and fashion her own dress? She sounded incredible
Another exceptional display this eve, Pascucci. Bravo!
Had the pleasure of seeing a social media presentation last night by Lisa of and it completely geeked me out :)
I'm running out of ideas... Can anyone suggest a new book for me to read? The genre has to be Sci-Fi/Fantasy!
Very observant! Did you see that Michael King was also in both the foreground & background of his shot? We was messin' with ya!
Goin To Get Inked :-)
no one in this world knows me the way u do. hate how much<3 boy cant stand how much I need u(want choke u I hate how u do thing stay <3 u)
True or False: Frozen foods can safely be defrosted at room temperature.
JayZ and the bike? This workout just got awesome.
I don't really get what were supposed to do for the wild card city?
Do you need to choose a school in Detroit for your child? Don't worry because Excellent Schools Detroit is hosting a school shopper...
#ILoveItWhen i love it when guys compliment my eyes <3
DOUG! how are things long time not talk?!?!
Today! Trying to control everything is the best way to lose control of everything! Let life happen sometimes. You may actually enjoy it!!
ur in Paris?! I so wish I was in Paris!!
ha wait what.. oh I'm just bored… must have missed the troller tweets… going from working remotely to back at the office
- Ha! Ya, I am sure some of mine are spam too, but I don't want to worry about sorting... Will do lists soon though! :)
glad he finally found out
So glad you're remenicing on how we met after standing me up. :-*
thanks for the #Favorite and #Retweet. That too cool of you and I appreciate it.
NY... Y U NO have small taxes like every other state... :(.
Got pets? Scout's House on soon - talking about pet weight loss! www.ff.ly/mq7nbk Tune in at 11:00AM Pacific
Thank you for the follow. It means a lot to me:)
omfg i need the biggest favor from you, like NOW !!!!
nice! i like that one a lot.
hey Aaron!! How are you?
RT : if any of your followers want to win baby gear from our client look at their Facebook for...
Yes, my kids teachers are great but the administration sucks!
BTW love the new photo of you with you hair styled differently. I thought you looked lovley.
So happy!
You don't have to dumb yourself out for guys! Just be yourself or people won't like you for who you are! -kaelyn-
Be on the lookout for my feature on Carmen Lundy in the Thursday, March 8th edition of the NY Daily News! Quite a layout, they tell me.
Thanks for the #FF mention.
Why did the chicken go to the concert??
Its my homie from high school he gettin by , time to bury another brother nobody cry
"Marvel's The Avengers" (formerly just The Avengers) is fab-fab-fabuloso. Robert Downey Jr should be in every movie.
Visit Carmel's Holiday Tree Lighting at Civic Square. Santa, live animals, Nutcracker preview, 20 Vendors from CFM. Good things to eat.
“: Hey used your service but don't have rsvps for formspring or gdgt parties. what's up?”
it's time for you to get up and leave the conversation when your company begins to talk about splitting the cost of fuel for a flight.
No matter what I do, all I think about is you.
Thank you so much. I'm blushing now :) How are you today?
lol hell yea
I have self entertaining older kids who sleep-so I like breaks LOL but it is me trying to talk myself into loving 10 ENTIRE DAYS
i love and miss you so much, but it kills me to see how you could care less...
So glad that you're safe!!! :D YOU'RE GOING TO FINALS! :)
By the looks of my feed, there are only two things to do today ... Drinking or running. (Make that three: #SportingKC!)
unless you're in business/first class :)
listening to knock'em out by lily allen
Starbucks announced they will start selling beer and wine. Apparently, they've run out of sober people to sell their $9.00 cups of coffee to
I agree...I'm thinking about Pierre Teilhard de Chardin and Thomas Berry in that human consciousness is a product of evolution...
:...& , Angel's Cabana, Lardo... re: Best Food Carts
Visiting with family and friends is wonderful, but there's no place like home!
I have a Public show tonight in Vegas at the Onyx Theater at 8pm! Let me know if you are in town and need info.
Is up now. So go hit dat follow button, that is,
On my way to marfa texas!
How did I even wake up this morning?
i was
I remember when all my shows were 30 min.
Stfu. Before I drop u
Unless there is a blizzard, we're there. Weeknights 'til 1+ F & S 'til 2 at both locations.
Oh okay, just listened to it! It sounds good :) aw can't wait! is that the only song you want?
me <3 even if it means i gotta rush home after school i will be watching.! love you Jake! :)
$2!!! Support your local eateries! $25 gift certs for $2. Nationwide. DM me for details or find it here www.majkltravel.net shopYTB link
This is sadness. As your teacher, I feel obligated to educate you.
airsoft guns airsoft review: two sniper scopes review !
My stomach is doing #'s. Let me get up&cook breakfast!
follow me on twitter
When I see a sweet ass guy going for the wrong girl <<
Any more #Vegas advice for me?!! Anyone?!!
I feel like I have so much to say then I lose it when I start typing it. 1500 words is a lot. I need to find more quotes.
Roll Da Kush Up! ..Lets Start A
Dear bank, how am I supposed to convince you YET AGAIN that my acct isn't under fraud if no one on the phone will pay attention to my name?
Love me, hate me... Say what you want about me... If you seek Amy
I bet all the money that I will ever make that Ice and Coco will break up .
Lively! Especially today, with new Tinderbox Way edition just out and a new Tinderbox release coming soon.
I second that suggestion. Its a fantastic book. Ms Vowell is a hoot.
pok salad annie is classic.
Hardest thing about owning a is #Mondays. Wishing I was back #incollege and could boat all week!
Contest is closed! Winners for the haiku contest have been DM'ed. Thx all who connected with their poetic side :)
hey friends..
How could you not close a set with "Sweet Disposition" and remix?
No Bernadette Peters ???
guess I'm not going to anything Carrie related in NYC this week. so bummed out right now :(
I'm loving this white coca cola can.
Woof Gang Bakery woof pack follow a non-profit helping animals and fighting cruelty. Adopt don't shop for your pet!
then you'll be sure to dodge it if it comes your way!
Follows me! How did I not know this?!
Oh, man. You said you'd be done by 2. You better be ready to go, tonight.
“: Very nice, refinedly meaty meal at Nostrano, the best Chicago restaurant not in Chicago (Madison WI).”
The walls were covered with comic murals and they sold souvenirs. My father said they had the best burgers in the world.
just saw your tweet, that sucks. Sorry to hear of that.
Today's tip: When working out on cardio equipment, don't lean on the handrails--it decreases the amount of calories you burn.
Big time accident. will have an update in 10mins! RT I would LOVE to know what the fudge is going on on the 290E.
Trying to absorb the Educational Master Plan while being attacked by a stuffed tiger.
DAMN. SOMEONE STOLE YOUR PHONE..?? #Wtf Not Cool
Still homeless... lol
where did u send it?
...Followed by 50+ min of jump roping!Didn't do my planks though.Gonna do 'em today though.What'd you to upgrade your fitness lvl yesterday?
would love to join the team.Too bad you have no need for Corporate Finance coffee-lover types right now
Worked from home today.....ugh!
maybe 10 years ago haha those are like VHS... it's all digital now
Tell all of your beautiful friends to follow us as well!!!
FYI youtube video w/ didn't get the whole thing. It started the minute he said #WarOnWomen was silly. Watch the entire segment
You know some of those "big things" we keep talking about? You should follow and wait to hear what they'll be ;)
follow her and me
so the real reason you've been quiet comes out. =( j/k
Bailout? what is up these days! say one thing and do another?
So long, farewell, avwierdersehn #goodnight:)
All this debate is about is that schools want control of the dollars that by law must go directly to low income families.
thank YOU for all you do to fight breast cancer! I wear my pink shatter with pride!
ohh, cool :) Lets talk :)
what a great game! Hope you all had a blast!
we're volunteering for on April 22nd. hope to see some of you there!
Stay tuned for julissacarmona.com website and see a photo of director Julissa Carmona with Guillermo Del Toro.
I talked to like 10 minutes ago! HSJCIDSJDDMDJDJD. Brb crying. <3
Cutting vocals with These harmonies are outrageous.
Ok Pacers!
I'm for it.
Seoul is tweeting like mad today
well demos r good! N those studios are amazing! Good luck with em :)
But he didnt anwser my question!! Can we?? Lls
whatever. I was spelling it like did :P
: I don't mind the lass of Nat Park nearly as much as loss of public access to the land. Should be a park!
Wow! Love Victoria Sambunaris landscape photos at Yancy Richardson booth.
thanks man!
did you happen to see the tigers win today? Amazing
I just might be, yes.
I miss you
Yes - sorry. I sent it from the app, and my editing of the standard pitch was lame. But the app is cool. And free.
On with new music from (yes!), , , , and your music suggestions!
Shorter, though, doesn't mean less responsibility, less insight or less power. It means less fluff and less hiding. -Seth Godin //Sums me up
FUCK #LILWAYNE!! HE CAN KISS THE FATTEST PART OF MY ASS FOR SAYING THAT SHIT ABOUT THE #SAINTS ole predator cockroach lookin ass!
Where in Clematis?
Just ran the numbers, both Illinois schools are within 500 miles of Wooster, Scots likely to host Sweet 16 and Elite Eight
Internet, at least have the decency to warn me when you're about to spoil Mad Men. I know I'm behind, but still.
Summers are hot, and the sun can be blinding on drivers.
You think we should spend $100 million on a jail for kids instead of schools?
Mango Strut in Coconut Grove plus vino equals awesome! Salentein reserve 2007 malbec
What is your favorite food blog?
thank you, thank you!
Jumping in the shower
Ladies, which is harder? Being home with your children or being at the office?
I love you guys youre both so funny! Much love<3 xx
did you see the video :o
Text me
glad your back, we love you!
When did the $100 #Target trip turn into the $200 Target trip?
I'm pro-Booze at Baby Showers. Shots? No. Full Bar? No. Wine and/or Mimosas - good for mama-to-be and her pals :)
Savoy come thru
#scenekidsruineverything <- the fuck is this?? .... People call me scene. I wear yoga pants and zombie shirts. GET ON MY LEVEL
DEN is officially my favorite airport.
...and maybe even hold your hand...just for a little
will do thanks :) now I need to find that thingy so I can do it..
dennis the menace
haha hey what was my clubbing name that was funny lol and you know I didn't mean to say it lol
For eternity I'd lay in bed in my boxers half stoned with a pillow under my head.
Welcome to our newest team member Sadie!! Sadie comes with years of experience! She is looking forward to meeting you!!
whats going on everyone
Where is this same outrage over the nine-year-old who was pepper sprayed by the police?
NBA All Star Game Tonight..... Let's Go Heat.....
I read parts of the ACA went in effect yesterday Do you know if that's true/how it works? I ask you due to your profession
a day off is needed right before a winning streak! Hit em hard tomorrow Stewie!! Go Rox!
That awkward moment when a rapper is occapella freestylin in your face and you not feelin it.
More Spoken Word, Hiphop, Reggae, Pop, and Soul Videos added tomorrow on IVCTV.NET
really?? And I thought I couldn't love you more than I already do!
The more you move around physically, the more calories you burn which increases your ability to lose fat more easily.
Wanted: Sr. Interactive Designer to jump in & help with our fast growing biz! A plus if worked in #sportsbiz. We have awesome clients!
Awww! Don't you look snuggly. :D
What did Rick Rizzs say to Dave Sims? You don't bring me Blowers anymore.
Ours too lol. My goal: go to nats and suck next year. Senior year, go to nats and AT LEAST break top 30;)
Steven Gerrard is trending as it's his birthday. Simply one of the best footballers ever to come out of the premiership. Legend.
he is doing twelve ounce curls!.....my favorite workout.....
Did I miss something? Why are the #Celtics chanting "Scalabrine"? They are being ran right now!
Hearing about the River Stories project over lunch.
lol then you're in the clear :D ... Now I'm hungry haha!
when is your episode of punk'd going to be on t.v.?
we get great feedback on all the worth bats, as well as the z1000. I don't think you'll go wrong either way!
What you stealin boxes for? You trying to build a clubhouse?
sorry so late but it's very good also doing stocks.
This afternoon, my son, and I, are going on a tour of The Raleigh Film Studio in Pontiac, Michigan.
James Franco's NYU Thesis Film, staring his bro, will be at NY's IFC theater 4/27. First student film to get a theatrical release?
Ouchh. That wasnt very nice. Im very pretty
Lou Gramm must be rolling over in his grave.
Haha I can respect that. You're a Sabres/Bruins fan right?
I'm in a freakin annoyed ass mood. I hate when ppl stereotype me. The way this old hag just looked at me almost earned her a roundhouse
And I drank one glass of wine and fell asleep. Because I am OLD.
Smh this dude is scary lol
1st the Earth cooled, then a dinosaur put a tingle up Chris' leg...
well good thing.. its the way to be!
was up
This #RHOA is totally stupid loud & embarrassing. Like I think Andy was a little over them 4 real!
hey babe<3
RT RT : That moment when your neighbors have their car blaring music and the bass is so heavy it starts shaking...
You inspire me. #doveinspired tell me, who inspires you? Pls RT
Lil sexy surprise the hell out of me lol
When theres a doubt within your mind because youre thinking all the time, framing rights into wrongs. Move along, move along.
it's infuriating. The Internet has flattened our experiences and creativity. I'm over-saturated, jaded and need a break.
Hello? There will be no bullshit today. Goodbye.
Writing a new song, using a lot of quotes from here... Tweet me if you have any ideas. I'm using tweets from my favorites. shoutouts to best
<<<< true words
want more but I'm not in Austin! (wish I was!!)
Update my blogs....
Companies now must disclose chemicals...after the fact.
Thinkin I might pierce my nipples whatcha think?
Thanks for RT ... it's National Volunteer Week, April 15 - 20, time to thank and celebrate your volunteers.
This summer, NIST and DOE will announce commty college grant awards to prepare bldg industry professionals for comm bldg retrofit campaign.
I do!
"Before 1D spoons were just spoons, nandos was just nandos, carrots were just carrots...cats were just cats & mirrors were just mirrors."
no just him. he was selfish, so thats why Dage was pissed about it.
“: Is it art Basel yet?”
trump now throwing all those voters he didn't have behind romney.
True. IT WILL HAPPEN ONE DAY.
John Shelton Ivany of Top 21 says "Jim Allchin's 'Overclocked' is a masterpiece. One of the best albums of the year." Wow
hahahaha so true.
MO MONEY MO PROBLEMS
Also happy waffle day
OK I am one step closer to visiting! ;-)
Man auditions next week... Do I want to do this?
When people take forever to text back..
i just want to sleep... forever
Happy to see the latest issue of the Newestlatter reach my inbox. One of many good reasons to belong to the International Joyce Foundation
RT : A3: We watch similar trends across channels. Visits, interactions/actions and reach to name a few.
Always happy to brighten!
You are the best you that you can be, nobody can be you better than you, so stop trying to be like everyone else and just be yourself.
Haha...this just made me laugh out loud, but so true!
Chuck Pagano had more to say in his introductory press conference than Jim Caldwell had to say in his entire 3 years as head coach.
Check this video out SOLO XQUZIT"FEEL MY SWAGGER"and dance called "SWAGG SWAERING"youtube.com/watch?v=mRuX7L6Rm44&feature=share via
we're open for the next few hours for last minute wines and spirit purchases for the Purim Holiday ...
Our winner from last Friday was Simplistic Financials, LLC. Check out her new FB Fan Page Image courtesy of the Rubies!
Have fun my friend!!! :)
getting business manga started.
Just change the file name of your JS or CSS file. Append the date or something. Browsers will see a new file and grab it.
its very pretty I wish I had it
Oh a RIDE in the Windy City! that would be excellent! It looks like #SanFran might be the next location in the works...
I love Chris <33
I don't know how to view DM's on my iPhone for twitter.
On that note, Self Control is back on for another 23 hours.
crzy lookin dude in the crowd distracted hansbrough mid free throw. Check the replay!
West Louisville has a derby feel to it. Very electric.
Why are you going to Denver? I assume you're driving there.
Does anyone have a handle on how much Eurozone liquidity has found its way to our stock market the last few months pushing indexes higher
Waiting in line with to get in the timbers game, it would start raining!
all speaking at #cnndialogues series about The 'Arab Spring': A Path to Democracy? In Atlanta, GA 2/9/12.
There are no failures; just experiences that don't go as you planned
I don't think KC could handle more than one team doing well at a time.
CHECK OUT www.clubGFX.com to see some of our portfolio!!!!!!!.
I had an interview there yesterday!
which # do i call from?
Protein shake number 2, down you go. How I wish you were scotch instead...
living social love us so much they decided to expand our deal for another day. Make your purchase today & obtain 50% off the VIP ticket.
we are glad to be following you! Thanks for the shout out!
Send me what you were gonna.
Get these lame niggas off stage
How is this organized and coordinated? and what are appropriate new roles?
follow me please i love you so much <3 ;(
“: Truly depressing: Scrolling down to find my year of my birth.”
What a gloomy day
trip to Puerto Rico was fab! Thx for asking!
It’s Tasting Tuesdays today! Stop by and get four courses served omakase style (chef's choice).
Have you heard, Life is a challenge, with strength its a defeat.
prove it to me LOL
Your thirst is sickening, get some cool about yourself.
Falling asleep very relaxed? Getting to sleep in the whole bed rather than what pets allot you
all day everyday:)
wait, what's tomorrow?
#Omaha Mom Prom chooses as beneficiary of year. Very happy. Ladies get ready!
So great meeting and many more. You guys were all so amazing!
I never talk on the phone anymore. I'd like to but some people just don't never wanna be on the phone.
Okay, Dunham's Girls was great and all, but why has there not been more about the return of Peter Scolari, erstwhile Bosom Buddy?!
Catching up on a lot of 24/7 and movies today.
Try balsamic vinegar & detergent in a jar. Stretch film with small holes in it. They go in, can't escape. Gd luck!
Do you guys wanna play a Street Festival in Milwaukee for Halloween?
There's none like HIM!!! #praisetweet Save my soul made me whole there's none like Him
Happy mothers day mom/Dawn Denise Doyle.You work very hard for me I love you and always will protect you,also she's the best mom ever 143.
RT : New to the twitters: - Petworth's new hardware store!
"me talk pretty one day"... David Sedaris
that wasn't very crunchy of you
#mpb2b Great point about the time involved to nurture an active B2B web community:Anyone have example of how to justify the time/cost?
Testing the blackberry twitter so I can tweet from games this season!
Sitting in my room. Home alone. Blasting sws. #lifesgood (for now) ;] baby if you cant hang then, theres the door;*
cause he's not in a or garment like all the really fast folks! Better skinsuit = no apparent breasts
That will be my first stop, then, after I make my move up north!
#rip Junior Seau. Wow. Forever the hometown hero.
Working on new children's collection and enjoying every minute of it. :)
Oh. You can flip of the camera. So classy, girl.
That's dope, great style
hahaha RT : "When it comes to Norman Mineta, you SHOULD follow the Norm." Haha.
I meant tomorrow night, 7/7/11. Must be anxious ;)
hey(: u shoudl tell people to fallow me an ill do the same to u(:
THERE WILL BE BLOOD's "I'm finished!"
The first segment of The Daily Show is consistently the best couple of minutes on tv. The B block (next segment) is the worst.
OneDayMyWorld'llEntwine w/Greyson's,we'llHoldHandsInTheSandByTheTireSwing,we'llWait outside the lines,but I NEVER want him to unfriend me :)
Baby ! Baby ! Baby ! Baby ! No like Baby Baby Baby Oh
Congrats on volunteerism award at last night's Young Professionals Leadership Gala!
Excited for the walk tomorrow in San Diego. We raised $350, so grateful for generous friends and family! Hope it doesn't rain.
"I got that instagram can you picture what I'm smokin?"
Oh dear god it's bacon night. You done gone and me cry Max.
god job!! We must celebrate!
You never know who will be at the ABCA Convention! Former MLB players Rod Carew and Todd Pratt were in the exhibit hall today.
#everytongueconfess so proud of you
Check us out opening for the openers at Jones Beach tonight with Parachute, Michelle Branch, and The Goo Goo Dolls from 6-7PM!!!!!!!
I'm getting a little bit stronger.
followed srry it took so long!!:)♥ -anna
Why am I just finding out about now? Are Jack and Rose still on the ship?
I may be 1st in line on NW 23rd tomorrow - love, love, love what they do...
You were at our Leroy broadcast?
I wake up at ten to seven, at my own accord, on weekends
Karaoke at Sardo's tonight! Who's in?!
girl your Beautiful!:)
fuck yea! By the way, like the new clothing style. Fits you much better than what you had before!
Make Now, Bake Later: Meals in a Pinch
90 degrees on May 5th in southern Illinois
Go Patriots! BJGE
that medicine was actually filled with little tiny people that would fix whatever is wrong with you..
You're Welcome.
Thanks for the follow!...yeah man, send me a link to some of your stuff.
that depends: did you play the drums on all your records?
Thanks. I'll go try that now.
"this looks like a sharks game". Wtf #Flyers looking awful
Topical Joke: FOR EXTERNAL USE ONLY.
Mass, then cooking dinner for the family. Happy Easter everyone.
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY MS. TISH!!!
Happy Birthday Twitter! Cheers!
super bored
I don't get how people cheat so easily on someone they love
Wish I could say I was surprised. Sad, frustrated, angry. It's a commercial service run by ppl w/ agendas users may not agree w/
Those were some good years on Twitter. Noise levels were also much lower back in the day and yet I remember people complaining.
Love. RT : We're extending breakfast until 1! Maybe longer...
Our music studio is open, but we haven't thrown any public events yet. Bureaucracy slowing things down... >_<
I hope Samsung is now installing the correct capacitors in their defective 46" LCD TVs
": Back up QB with a news conference cmon son" exactly my thoughts
Shitty. After & 's #IWNY ladyblog panel, dude growls "Cutie" at me. After shooting him a look: "I mean, cute outfit"
MN Governor signs bill to build $975 million #Viking Stadium; target opening 2016. (ESPN)
Off to bed i go got to get some shut eye! Z lol
It's hard, cause when a 19 month old says Marshmallow, you almost cry.
oh-oh. i think i lost my envelope. what to do?
Or students could chill out about the library.
Of course! Do you have a facebook? We will send some support over there as well!
30m in the reg line for the 1500 and not even inside the reg room yet
You'd better more than think! RT I think ... I THINK there is a baseball game today. :)
Halfway through a 4-hour train ride from Westport to Annapolis.
Best response I've seen to the Romney bullying story: it can't be true because it violates the first law of robotics.
Time to #THUNDERUP !!!
Ever have that feeling that you cannot accomplish one more thing today unless you wash your face? I'm there. Now. Damn you Clarisonic.
Leadership is about creating habits that make you more effective so you can focus on the growth of others.
singing through the live version of the set in my head because I know where most of the explosions/flames are haha
its all good kid.. , youre the boss.....
oh a new biz, that's muy exciting! Congratulations.
facebook stalker :|
RT Bummed psycho Spangler is over and out.
lmfaoo, that's so true. xD
I'm so excited for today! Co-op and then band practice! Yay! ;)
she is about to get knocked up :/
shit bro i aint hattin on those squads but they are just to old there gonna run outta gas quick fuckin with okc or the heat
I love promethazine uma codeine fiend
No four player split screen, unfortunately. We opted for true Widescreen support and, subsequently, a wider FOV instead!
What!? Details, please.
Wow Carl Anthony Payne (Cole from Martin) was the one who tricked Tasha... lol wow
Cause I'm on display
Just tuning into NYY/TB, feels so good! No spoilers #questfor28 etc
It would just so happen that when I move back to DC, the Caps lose another Game 7.
#OomfNeedsTo realize where home is at 👌
Hm, probably not, but email me at kzickuhr @ pewinternet dot org & I'll see if we have anything else that could be relevant
I said no! Lol. You know I wouldn't do that to you anyway lmfao
working for Konkle star today. About to head into work
no, thank you Arzu
SEEING WILLIAM BECKETT FRIDAY.
APD investigating shooting on the 300 block of Wisconsin in Ne #ABQ. More details soon.
Is it lip service or lifestyle? Dr. Baylor
Cubs would pick up a huge chunk, if not almost all of Big Z's salary for 2012.Grow the arms is great in theory. But, Jo-Jo Reyes?
Felton only deserves 5-10 min. per game. #Blazers only hurting the future.
Jalal al-Din Rumi ... that would be TOO cool if you were writing a column about him.
You've gone so far already<3 All mahomies are so proud <3
what's up kid
-opens door & screams WHO NEEDS YA- xD
Apparently being on the verge of tears listening the the BSG soundtrack helps my productivity.
you are stunning! :) Just thought I should let you know. x
hey, nice music, & thanks for the follow! :-)
Tonight was fun, thanks so much Ft. Worth!!!
A fun quote from M*A*S*H Colonel Potter, "I don't care how poor a man is; if he has family, he's rich."
hahaha...and how did you end up being bro and siz from sex?
Neurobiology of the Arts: hypergraphia from Fascinating.
Stupid early mornings. Stupid mondays. Stupid combination of both. I'm gonna be Garfield for the day...
Neil on Happy Rhodes - so cool! RT I've got a bunch of her albums I was given around 20 years ago. Good stuff.
they made everyone who is not in senior survivor or is not a teacher get out
Fellas do you ever go to a girl's house & pee in the corner of the toilet to prevent the loud noise? I know I'm not the only one!
I wanna hear Fool in Love live so bad!
Outstanding people have one thing in common: an absolute sense of mission. Zig Ziglar
Whats going to come after HD recording? Space recording maybe... what do you think?
my gay husband reports my new methead neighbor is best known for faking cancer, leaving her children & not paying artists from her gallery
Exciting Davinci Virtual announcement coming later this week! Stay tuned!
Wow today is not gonna be my day
I always get the question of why don't you date guys around your age anymore....because yall are immature and annoying.
welcome to twitter! you're the coolest cat in Hollywood brotha, keep up the good work
I just mentioned "Taylor" in a chorus that I wrote. Shhh... Top Secret - Unfinished :)
I'm going to have to throw on some makeup and take a pic before he leaves for the day! Rainy weather isn't helping hair!
The house was rockin' at the Alben Barkley dinner in Paducah. Lots of folks fired-up about this ticket!
amen to that!
members, I have changed the password for the password protected parts of the site, if you need it & are a paid member DM me!
are you alive????
Ready for my 5 hour comatose
line all the way to clever bottle - crazy
Out of context, or blaming the poor for own poverty? RT : Procrastination is the cornerstone of all poverty. -Larry Zimberg
Today this kid joked about suicide. My dad commited suicide when I was 3. Don't mess around with that shit. It hits home real hard.
'' YES!. I Love you cuttie c:
what's the format my man?
Rucker: CPC affirms district decisions in 7 out of 9 cases. Before, Superior Court was overturning most cases. Huff's bill muddles process.
So hilarious! RT : That last shot... DYING!
had a great sandwich yesterday that is absolutely going on the menu
Thanks man :)
i need to buy all of the magazines that justin did those sexy photoshoots for ok
Role at HubSpot: I am a translator of customer needs
I think is the most beautiful awesome stunning person imaginable. Totes!
« « Sometimes bridges need to be burned so you don't go down the same path again.»»
grooving to some funky music and hitting the mountain Wednesday for some snow boarding.
my dvr cut it off right at Kara!!! Ugh!
did you meet the goal of 3 females?
My last tweet was to
yeah. lol you've never called me journal before, it's weird.
My mother. MY mother does not want Chick-fil-A!!! I think the world is coming to an end. 
I prefer Madame Serena
"I think nostradamus was right" -jenn "abt what?"-me "the world ending this year"-jenn, "uhh...that was the mayans"-me, "dang"-jenn
Ill flirt with you awhile, that usually puts women asleep!
I hate my worn out wallet, getting a fancy new one today!
Boom boom
you're welcome. just saying hi. :)
Had a very bad experience with National Car Rental. Will never rent from them again - very poor customer service!!!!!!!
Wow. What do they do with the leftover one? RT : There are 2 trophies. one at City-QPR and another at Sunderland-United
no one cares.................... (yanks at shirt collar slightly to gesture something awkward)
big lebowski stripes and spies like us
about to work out, and when i say work out mean playing the michael jackson experience game on the wii. that shit is workout
on the road. call me tonight or tomorrow
First act done, one more to go :D
The RT via via
I didn't stop talkin to u...why u gon lie like that...shame on u
Excited to worship with the Rhea's Mill sttudents this weekend for their winter retreat!!!
I'm in a love/hate relationship with Costco. Love it, but SO busy! People are pricks too, I should just start throwing haymakers
still at the naca fair. waiting for counselor session.
just finished rebuilding the booth... yall know whats next!!!!
Case McCoy in with 2nd team offense against first team defense.
For a great online photo editor, check out Photoshop Express Editor from Adobe.
whatever works girl!!! You can do it!!
Just 4 more to 750 and a new album for you!! ;) xoxoxo
The first 10 people who say "Bach" at 's front desk get in FREE to tonight's Ogden After Hours w/ cellist Dr. Jee-Yeoun Ko, 6pm.
July 28th! We hope to see you there!
I don't mean to jinx you...but 'tis the season ...
dude! guess whuuuut!
I used to sell furniture for a living. The trouble was, it was my own. Les Dawson
Sheila E. killed last night on Letterman. Can't wait to see Roy Haynes play tonight!
Thank you for the plug..Looks Great!
I slammed all in yo girl pussy...blake griffin
On his helmet: "You never know what you could get at Goodwill for $5." -
I love a woman with class...a lady.... but a freak in the bedroom....
Bar none I have the world's greatest parents. I love so much. So I am going to take them out today.
"Kellen Moore leads Lions last minute game winning drive against defending Super Bowl champion NY Giants."
Yoplait Yogurt > yummy 😍
Make sure to come by this Sunday 8am-12pm to Bruin Run/Walk at Mattel Children's Hospital!
Yep, that direct link is the one I ran on the blog.
We are thrilled to have won the GRAND JURY PRIZE film festival!
Dedication. RT : Off to bed for few hrs. Gotta get up and watch #teamusa live at 2am.
And I'm lots of kings and gods and stuff!............my name is Kevin
why wouldn't they?
Not only has our managing editor been here 40 years, she brought her own cake!
Thanks for the scholarships to your top 200 camp names coming soon you no who you are thanks 5star rl9.
I'm on vicoprofin but I haven't got it yet.
“: Let Us Play #StandUnited #freebasketball” Listen to The Beard for he is wise.
Downloading the new beat tape for tonight and got my Avengers ticket for Sunday.
Kiss Your Landline Goodbye: 6 Reasons Why You Should Switch to VoIP Phone Service If you find that the only calls you ’re getting on your
It's just so overwhelming!
Hey biebs you probably will never see this but I just wanted to say your amazing and you have a big heart follow me :) <3
What's your favorite frosting? Milk Chocolate Fudge Frosting? Cream Cheese Frosting? Or Buttercream Frosting?
Good night #packernation. God bless you all.
At Vons in Claremont!! moveon.org having a rally in support of grocery workers!!
Thank you California & Pine! See you again next week.
Best Buy plans to open 40 Mobile stores this fiscal year and will quintuple its share of the U.S. mobile phone market to 15 percent... wow!
Thanks! So glad to be back! :)
Not giving up...
Just saw it...yea it went to spam. Glad to connect with you!
#RITBob Schieffer is in the Student Innovation Center, right now!
thanks a lot -_-
was 2am the night I got there, didn't sleep a second before work the next morning.
Must live one dayy at a time!
good morning -happy Monday. Be safe & have a gr8day
There are a lot of people dressed as white seats at the beginning of the #Heat #Knicks game.
in your mind
One of these days, I WILL go to Nando's with (:
I see you over there so hypnotic.. Thinkin bout what I'd do to that boday, I'll get you like oh baby baby oh baby baby (;
check out 10,000 days....its a long way from tool in the mid 90's....serious soundscapes, intricacies, and rhythms
is an amazing singer!
I hope has a barfbag in his area...this offense is offensive!
Stuart Shulman, Univ Mass: need to share the work of big data from web across people and machines.
Alright.. Up by 5. Keep it going LA..
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw people may not regret divorce but see no need for revenge.
you know it :-D. I'm super geeked out.
In 1940, Cleveland pitcher Bob Feller threw a no-hitter
Agreed! RT : and were great blackjack company at
Hm I think the real question is given the relatively small amount of cash they've dedicated to payouts, what will they do w/the rest?
DM me your email bro. Preciate it
Anyone know a good #ORM consultant they'd recommend?
#Kathy love her mom.
the 2nd, 3rd, and 4th pieces all had female performers. Still the ratio was less than general pop. True about the audience.
anyone up for a formspring...? ;o
CHECK OUT please they're great!
Lopez: ..."thinking to myself, 'OK, Isa's probably OK but why don't I hear Ava?'"
i smell a blossoming bromance
A Relationship
Goof wow good
Okay. Just need to maneuver!
texas roadhouse, good steak and burgerd
RT : You should have seen the responses I got from the contest question I posted a few hours ago
So proud of the kids at today's concert! Humbled once again by the work we are doing and the goals we are accomplishing.
"Some extra bacon lying around" is about as absurd as "some extra unicorns lying around" !
why do my neighbors find it necessary to light off fireworks every fucking night. like, the hell.
1) It's FRIDAY 2) I get off early today due to a server upgrade and 3) There's a groupon for a $40 1-hour massage. Might be the
Damn spin classes, you always trying to kill me
Getting a jersey mikes sub for the first time!
Thank you for listing us!
Great Career Transition Workshop group this morning -- 8 job changers with impressive professional and personal backgrounds.
Not your fault I didn't hear about it. Let me know how it all goes!
goognight i;m gonna go cry over the fact that i don't get to see
Thank you for the follow
Finalizing Mother's Day plans and getting all of these cards in the mail.
Thank you! [:
How bout YOU dm ME >:)
poor Spanky... Condemned to bobblehead hell
Ah tell me wth this just came through RT : shout out MS & LA in this biish
I will also try to check your haunt out this year as well
Good morning everyone.... Work flow on a saturday morning sucks!! But it's still a wonderful day 2 be alive
What are you practicing today on your #guitar?
Life is too short to take yourself too seriously! It's so time for a break from my computer right now.
WHY CAN'T EVER WIN A PRESIDENTS RACE YOU GUYS
#HBDBK. Isaiah 4:13: I can do all things through Christ who strengthen me! Be strong lil lady!
": Facts over everything." precursor for svu tuesday?
That was a touching story about and his daughter. Can relate. Reunited with my sister in 2009.
We will be bidding a fond and temporary farewell to Mango Sorbet and Pomegranate Energy next week. Make sure to stop by and enjoy some!
this is the first time in four months that i am working on something other than the campaign i just launched. very refreshing!
37% of relationship experts say infidelity is the hardest problem for couples to recover from.
the cake just got done waiting for it to cool off
Watching "Heathers" Better than Mean Girls. Lol
thank you to all who have joined in my string plz get to your messeges and add me as a friend!
I'll be sure to wear lots of flowers every day all day
Rebuttal: Lindsay Lohan.
Legs as a wireless communication device? Love it.
wow lucky you 😖
All the men who r for men marrying men assholes look like catfish mouths
i just wish u understood me
I'm mad i spelled conceited wrong..i be tryna multitask and fuck up my tweets lol
you're ma favorite. today was great btw
Retiring Sheriff Mike Hennessey says Ross is the ONLY candidate who can carry on his legacy of progressive reform. Vote for Ross today!
a zombie? Really?
Just did a madden 12 com
A hug back to you, Mike!
Were you at the Library Spring Book Festival last week? Great time!
I thought I had saw a lot...but this lady in the library is freaking me out!
Thoroughly convinced that everybody and their momma wants to become a brewery. I love my job I love my job I love my job..... 8 /
He did.
Shuffled some naughty by nature hello good mood
I won't be working at red lobster much longer..
I feel like God is testing us everyday at work... Sooner or later I'm going to fail this test...
Thanks for the follow!
not as much as me but yes
": My bday Buddy!!! Watz Good boy?? Happy bday to u to!!!! RT happy birthday man"(imgud n thx)
Track meet, rugby practice and baseball game (7&8 yr old) all still going on with lightning nearby. Guess we get wiser(?) with age.
- That's definitely my favorite record by them. :)
Is that rain
Thanks to all our amazing twitter followers!!!
Thinking about how hot Robert Downey Jr is . . . So yummy.
make it or break it tonight . 💙💙💙
put the pic of me you and Adam up
Remember, I knew you before you won the big money .
There's nothing more comforting than finding out a weight loss program is following you.
This Friday at belle isle brewery
Indy food trucks: What's for lunch today?
Listening to some Lady Gaga in the library and looking forward to the weekend!
Just finished cool outdoor kitchen for Arciform architecture firm using our random assorted circle #mosaic #tile. Want 2 C pics!
is it r
I'm a workhorse, but wish I was a thoroughbred and just run in the fields and eat clover.LOL
RT : Thursday will be our #mediachat guest on the topic of "Brand Loyalty". Starts at 10pm EST.
Made turkey vegetable soup this morning...it will be ready for dinner.
"He is not the God of the dead, but of the living, for to him all are alive.” Luke 20:38
Parking ticket 2 minutes after the meter ran out... new record
Also, tweeting now because another tradition at the Masters, is to not let you have a cellphone anywhere
My pleasure! Love ISE Phoenix!
You guys smell like regret and alcohol.
GGGOOOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLLL!!!!Suck it cheaters!!!
attempting to write a resume even though i've never been employed a day in my life
#CanadianTweets MT I got Tim Hortons once this week - how are there four empty cups in my trash in my office
wish I had made it. There will be more.
If we lose I blame it on these whack-ass camera angles
Thank you, Brett, for making the smart decision. I really believe Favre would have regretted it in the future if he played for the Vikings.
I had an epiphany the moment I was born. I'm going to have to shave down there all my life.
Interesting things on the horizon today! Stay tuned for news!
Sister comin home? oh sweet(:
We're taking time to update our own #socialmedia strategy today. Is your company adhering to a realistic, measurable strategy?
thanks for the heads up. sorry you wasted all that time!
Pickup Line: Will you play army men with me.. so I can blow the hell out of you !
we would absolutely love to see you doll! (:
only needs about 100 more followers to reach 1000! Go follow and support! :D
our county wants to ban teachers from communication with students on social media
wish I could be there to hear Harry Sheppard..
McDonnell repealed law of 'just' one gun a month despite deep dismay by survivors of VATech shooting. What good have guns ever done?
“ Avengers in 3d...at atlantic station...be there...or be square lol”
On my way today to planetarium conference in N Georgia after visit with sister and aunts in Atlanta area.
We're at Sansome and Pine, open for business.
Paragon Innovations Designs FemCath Mirror, Groundbreaking Product Giving Female Patients More Confidence, Freedom
Fortune cookies seriously predict my future.
Never complain.. Never explain..
Line up all you Cinderellas and Snow whites my Ped Pal foot scrubbys will have your Mr. Prince, as in Mr.Sorta right kissing your flip flops
damn it feels good to be a gangster.
Too cool to panic?
Once you've been involved in my life, you leave a fingerprint. And sorry, sweetheart, but these fingerprints don't erase.
IM A DIE HARD FAN LOL
way to run it out!
If you want it there before Christmas, you better get it in now Mustardheads, time is a runnin' out!!!
oh. When you said "What I do to college students" I had a totally different expectation.
They all living a lie on twitter ..
Rain_Cosmetics: Our next Battle of the Brushes will be on August 25th.. The top #Vegas salons and #makeup artists will compete!
Done & Done
Thank you 4 the thoughts & prayers from
Henrie of Mesquite: Salaries frozen, no master's reimbursement, planetarium closed. It affects learning.
Was just the recipient of the biggest brush-off email ever. It's good to know our elected leaders care so much about the little guys.
Voxer now Path I can't keep up with all this socializing. Going back n my shell now
The Blue Bullet
Do you think if I repeatedly called a radio station and requested they play , they finally would? Lol
I like to pair chocolate with whiskey
amazing album. can't stop listening to it
What extraordinary words - I'm so accustomed to thinking of her in terms of her paintings that they're startling!
The people who don't like me don't even have a legitimate reason to why they don't. *shrugs*
We happen to agree! Which cocktail for today? RT every day is a great day :)
RT : Everyone say Hi to the new #wiunion troll hire Hi Jim, welcome to Wisconsin, we do things differently here.
Today was pretty good day! Hopefully week goes by fast(:
The person afraid to fight always goes home with a black eye.
or something that isn't permanent b/c of space provisions. Will think of something for those really hot days!
FOIA problems? Call us today for the leading real-time enterprise discovery tool. Works w/IDOL or FAST. MicroKloud-ready
I did not have the little dude today, but he's with me now while his Mum and Dad are off to see The Avengers. :)
Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 prohibits you from discriminating in hiring
When will these kids learn that it is not safe to drive and text, be smart and stop doing dumb shit. This is your life..THINK.
#breadlineproductions please email me for an audition!!
how was LA tho?
Oh my gosh, your hair looks super adorable. <3
your album is amazing I love it to much! My mom even asked me to give her a copy of it! Love you ! RT 1 IN 14MILLION GURLS ...
I think Charles Barkley is right ... only an NBA team can be Kentucky. Davis is a man!
They say my Clothing Line is going to be bigger than Sean John...but my goal is set to be bigger than Aeropostale! Retweet that my friends!
wait. what is this?
That looks amazing! :) Ha! At first glance I thought it was cycling and cheese....
We find old stuff anywhere and everywhere..come to the southwest!
Awhh you blocked me like I care? You be nasty anyways(:
Guess what I get to listen to on the way to work this morning? Not CDs! Goodbye, ghetto, hello
Today is #OIA Track and Field Championship Finals... #HURRICANENation ! #LETSGETIT !
Great book, Brock is such and interesting person. Can't wait for your book.
don't think so sunshine
Im Ah Virgin Sister Lol... QT : ": Not Having Sex Till Im 21.." YOU LIEN !
DOESN'T MATTER IT'S STILL PITTSBURGH
I'm a dick, I'm addicted to you
Doritos for breakfast
For the first time, #France had the most daily downloads of our #apps!
Last time i checked he was a single pringle
Another boring playoff game so far unless you're a heat homer.
Presenting this am at Int'l EI conference in San Antonio Texas. Building an Emotionally Intelligent Culture
KC already sounds like my kinda party then! ": BBQ and rob people"
just saw that beckett's whole golf thing was before he was scratched. i thought it was on the day he was scratched. typical non-story story
Don't they just pay the meter at 11:00 for another 2 hours?
Even worse: very close to a Best Buy and the site of a failed Circuit City.
Never injure a friend, even in jest.
Rain! Last measurable rainfall was on December 18th, and that was only .11". Should have 3 days of rain next weekend...
Just arrived at hawthorne, watching R5 sound check!
why the fuck does it say I unfollowed you?
Hey Rick. Thanks for following!
Yep...that sounds about right when talking Big 12 football. Snooze-fest!
We're seriously making hamburger helper right now lol ctfu
they give u workouts to do
is contemplating "waiting on the line" for tickets to Shakespeare in the Park (Twelfth Night) - and by "waiting" she means over 12 hours. ;)
I can't wait for Barack Obama airport!
talked to today. Need to get in touch with you while in New Orleans?
Trivia time! Tomorrow marks the anniversary of the opening of what famous European landmark?
Amazing what technology can do. I have friends all over the US tuning into the
Sending all of my Convio juju your way. Remember our course is in the LC if you get stuck!
's favorite team is the Yankees?! Brave man, admitting that to this Boston crowd!
I thought t mobile had a phone very similar to I phone, with apps and all? Or just not the same?
Oh...check out our new 4th year logo.
Davy Jones passed away :O what
My brothers a loser
One of the great soliloquies in cinema from the last decade.
I know I saw it when my phone turned on you know my phones always off :-/ lmao
When something good almost never happens.
Have you made an appointment yet? Call (904) 636-0787.
I'm following you!
my mom won't pay for a data plan :( or a blackberry lol. MAYBHE I DUN WANNA TALK TO U
And we get to watch them all grow up!! :-) So much fun!! :-)
Michigan needs more infrastructure, rail & bus systems, btwn Detroit & suburbs to keep pace w others, Chicago, Atlanta,Boston!
in general, i enjoy The Wanted more that One Direction.
Hey Detroit, I'd like to make it out alive tonight after I eliminate you. Think we can manage that?
class cancelled, 72 degrees and sunny
don't be trying to slap me! That is rude and uncalled for!
M, think I'll have 3.14 pieces of pie today. ;)
Doing some research on making documents 508-compatible in the U.S.A., i.e., able to be used by the visually impaired.
Thanks for the follow, Chris!
work,work,work oh ya and work. Gotta make money somehow
lauren always has dresses
If you haven't had a chance to listen to the Turnpike Troubadours newest album, Goodbye Normal Street, check it out. It's beautiful
filming later this morning for development. Will show them a diary or two. Closeup of hands probable. Darn my cuticles look like crap
And that's the way ya do it
My mom said she's gonna start saving money so I can go to Cancun with her and some fam members.
And lest we forget: The Roman capite censi "head-count" made a profession of bread riots before given bloodier tasks.
I am for med weed. I am for meditation. I am NOT for big pharma, or bs.
why you say that
Griffmas has come early for the Redskins
Just got another SXSW show confirmed. Tour's looking good.
I ain't never been no bitch Haha
Just tweeting me back makes us even !!!
you've heard nothing new yet right ??? oh my lord ... LMAO listening session soon ...
Got my snacks :-)
Just got a haircut, i look pretty funky (: hmm..i wonder...if those fish are still alive... :D
Long May You Live!
Do you like challenging conversations? How do you handle those.
I guess I'm working alone today?
That being said, it's SO MUCH BETTER than it was even a year ago
love a good thunderstorm.
Is everyone getting their Gmail hacked?
For this cafe, sudden downpours are good for business.
Pocket Full Of Sunshine : )
follow this girl --> #belieberhelpbelieber right? :) 9
M RT : Food & liquor..literally
Thanks Bryton. Will be back soon. RT "miss the one and only kicking it with us at pirate city for spring training"
Haha. It's not a long enough layover for me to leave LAX and hang out or nothing.
I think I'll go mac n cheese, okra, and mashed potatoes.
speaking of Nigger. I dont like
RIP Carroll Shelby.
still looking for that ledge!! All I could find was a bush pretending to be a ledge! Lol! How is it looking this morning?
Got KRR3 and World's Finest in the mail from PWG. Ordered them on Friday. Dudes are mad quick with shipping.
Think of how much pussy you're gonna get.
Thank you Stephanie! Excellent webinar! RT : Thanks to for sponsoring my webinar yesterday
Hey whats everyone doing Saturday?! Hopefully checking out at the hawthrone opening for ! they got tickets ladies!
Great -If you head to the exhibit hall, stop by Booth 1 We'd love to show you a great product that helps engage students
As new cowboys return, others leave #cowboyinjuries #tanner #demarco hopefully Felix keeps this up
who are you?
I will let you know if I hear of anything. Do you live in Austin?
So fuckin hungry
Hey, stop being modest. They great! :)
Did you go back to Old Nassau for Alumni Day? Tell us about it!!
We hope everyone had a safe and happy Independence Day!
The story about people fighting over and getting arrested for a new pair of Jordans is embarrassing. This is why people hate us.
Im a loser because I don't answer my phone. -_-
your name is used a lot in math. 😁
I just made this account, so PLEASE FOLLOW ME <3
it open next week?
You know what's jumped the shark? The phrase "jumped the shark." Benchmark: my dad said it.
say in isn't so!!! i will miss all the guys of Entoutage !
I can't decide if I should cut my hair or not. My mom said to tell the lady "surprise me" lol
Molly Stack with a Yellow, you got stacked?
I think you should follow me? (:
Art historical stereotypes in a McDonald's commercial. Loving it?
yo how you holdin up in Memphis? I see y'all swimming to work!
without me, its just aweso.
Good questions from Ron and Tyler during the q&a at
you sound like the models on zoolander! An iced mocha frapachinnnnnnooo!!
a ginger coughed on me at the gym today, you can't catch the disease right?
That is beautiful! Thank you so much Desratano!
I can't deal with the word "Masseur" like seriously.
Statistically I would say Asia, then North America followed by South America.
A well deserved and much needed vacation this week. Here I come
- TrickyRicky wants to incarcerate 3x more people in Florida. Privatize, profit, and destroy families in Florida.
RT : Free Library gets to keep the lights on. PA Senate passed necessary legislation this afternoon 32-17.
I can’t explain this feeling, I think about it everyday, And even though we’ve moved on, It gets so hard to walk away.
Looking forward to #Tcamp12. If you see me, ask me about the Public Sector track at , the international Wikimedia conference.
Does depend a bit on what you like. I'd include our museums, the Mississippi river (great view from Guthrie Theatre bldg)...
can someone please press the mute button on jeff van gundy...
My students told me "Ms. Doyle, you cannot leave us", it was actually really sad saying goodbye to all my seniors ):
Its enough 2 be hated, but I draw the line @ lying....
So is Beckett's golf handicap higher or lower than his ERA?
Am totally discombobulated by working from within the dept where the conference is being held. I know everything & nothing!
Cheers - enjoy the rest of the weekend!
i would like you all to know that the gets margaritas on fridays. you hear that ?? cc:
Happy Friday the 13th!! If you're the superstitious type & avoiding work today, drop by for lunch or happy hour instead! We're better anyhow
. is the first single going to be Forced Gender Reassignment? i feel like that would be a strong first single for this album.
#CelebrityTwitterPasswords Justin: "JERRY!" *Next weekend* Girl: What's Justin's password?" Beliebers: It's too long...- RT If you get it
Long Tail Keywords - People are searching for a specific item, variations are endless.
Im the beginning God created the heaven and the earth. Genesis 1:1 The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen Revelation 22:21
LMFAO. #MINDLESS -_- HAVE U MET MB BEFORE?
On the music menu today: örhead sounds good to me!!
I'm addicted to this guy he gots my heart tied in a knot and my stomach in a whirl
The family is changing not disappearing. We have to broaden our understanding of it, look for the new metaphors.
are you following us on yet?
R.I.P. Ryan Dunn
Gamecocks win! Gamecocks win! Wow what a game! #Gamecock magic works in bottom of the 9th as we enter down 2. Hot bats give us a win by 2!
We are hiring! kitchen, servers, hostess. Sunny Street Cafe Arena District - please RT
#Grilling up some #BBQ pork chops!
HAHAHAHAHA RT : "PASS IT KOBE!" - LeBron in his hotel room.
Witch owls and Christian saint revealed in Mona Lisa landscape. New visualizations of the Mona Lisa Code have been released recently.
Vocals going down
We don't exist for campaigns or corps or orgs, we are by & for the people - Scott Heiferman
Haha, no problem, Hope you all enjoyed them
The auditorium in the law school is so nice. These chairs are so comfy. $30,000 a year for law school at Moritz goes far
Still in bed sick :-(
The JuJu's will be releasing their first single - stay tuned you are in for a treat!
i'm pretty sure a part of me died
is that a private rooftop or ??
What would you reccommend to pack in a hospital suitcase?
I still am scared at the car wash...but cleaning my baybay
How many tattoos do you have and who is on your left arm?
Divine's clinic Promo ￼:Our best Whitening Serum plus Whitening Gold peel off mask only 150 K.Info:31908203,3922021,087880536758.
I'm stealing this from #clarkstown schools. Great way to show common core math practices.
They need to replay that shit! Well i'm sure it'll be on Worldstar in a couple hours..
With just over 20 hours to go, let's keep working and bring victory home tomorrow night! Vote, volunteer and join us at our watch party!
Know of any #dance events going on this weekend? Please, reply to us!
hey do you know if kia is playing?
Hunger Games with kids from was amazing. Great movie. Great kids.
I hate sitting on a public bathroom toilet and having it be warm. It's so wrong but it feels so right.
School days are so long, but weekends are so short!
Oh, you know, just getting ready to kick some Sabre-butt, that's all.
but we all have our unshared personal archives. Hence the value of #criticalcommons for another mode of collab
a nasty day in #nyc rain rain go away
that would be awsome!! We need and #AskTheKameron !! Pwease!!
I freaking love you you are such a goddess!! <3<3<3<3
I normally use a dual 8-core 3 GHz Xeon Mac Pro at work, but I got to use a quad-core 3.4 GHz Core i7 iMac this evening. The difference…whoa
It's about 36 hours from now when ProductCamp Boston gets underway! Will you be there? I will!
why are we skipping meals!?!
yeah. Keeps saying it cannot connect to the network, but all my other network-y stuff is working fine.
I came empty handed, I ain't leaving the same.
it's Ay Chihuahua!
Great workweek. New contacts, new projects. Hello, golf; hello weekend. See you Tuesday.
I was wondering what that noise was. I thought it was gonna storm here. ;-)
fuk aubrey berry i hope someway revenge finds you i hate what you did and hope and pray you will pay for what you did i hope people see this
#FF back at you, SDH! Was so good to see you today. :)
addicted to mafia wars
Today's GH forecast: rainy with a chance for a Timbers win in Vancouver #rtcid Get to a local place to watch
My gut is torn. I love to teach, it is my truth. But I can't let a bully continually hurt me
thanks for following
Change has to start somewhere. Why not where it matters the most: with getting patrons and students stoked!
Naw i had to get a new phone i still got the same number tho
: LOL...You must be a model citizen, because you've been more times in one year than I have in 5.
life is a short trip
Life is but who you are.
Shameless and pointless retweet because I love him. ": Thanks Anna!"
Let The bubbles begin
hanging with blue eyes. yyyeh:)
is dreaming and doing.
Pastor Chris Lyons preaching on Jesus this morning. All Jesus, all the time.
Brunch on Friday sounds sensible and indulgent at the same time. Who's in? Served from 11 to 3, with 2-4-1 bloodies and mimosas.
“: Gibson is throwing one heck of a #blockparty tonight at the #PHIvsCHI”
Mac won't let me take files off of it, music have to wait until that's fixed
me too but it's to cold right now “: Glad I have a pool I can jump into whenever I feel like it :)”
:) What happened to your followers/following? :( RT : #NF again
#OTGTIPS UNDERESTIMATE NO ONE, IF YOU DONT KNOW THEM, YOU DONT KNOW WHAT THEY ARE CAPABLE OF
My honor!
Did we expect the Super Committee to compromise? They're all up for re-election and will not budge from the party line. We need leaders!
Just chatted with a barista over patent trolls! I love NPR thanks.
National solution in the form of strengthening #CAPTA requirements warranted. #ChildAbuse #State Secrecy
Keep up the efforts, it will happen when the time is right!
with oatmeal
No words. “: Zuckerberg could spend $300k per day for next 80 years before running out of dough.”
la la la la...lalala la la la
Were ALL hanging out this summer. Summer before everything changes.
They are just jealous of our youthfulness!
oh, hells yes.
shaved my leggggsssss (:
Headed downtown to the tribe game with dad.
Every artist was first an amateur. Ralph Waldo Emerson
4 images from my recent post just disappeared? What?? Hold on tweeps. We are having technical dificulties $$%@!!
Can not wait for my golf lesson tomorrow morning 😄
June 10, rocking.
For some reason im starting to like pitbull...
only when it NEEDS to be said bc the person you love doesn't seem to be getting it otherwise!
Hate to brake it to ya sweetie, but no one likes you.
Yes sir... “: mention of Austin Peay requires mention of best chant ever for Fly Williams: "The Fly is open! Let's Go Peay!"
I'm starving :s
at Sbux and my headphones just snapped in half. (I'm trying not to take it as a sign that I have a fat head.) #fml I hope I got the warranty
Sir they found Kobe Bryant dead in his room -I guess you could say Kobe finally.... *Puts on sunglasses* passed YEAH.
even better! i have yet to go there =/
stop talking and let these hacks fire off these gems
“ Are u actually fucking kidding me right now? #fucku, #ihateu”
a roomful of stupid. RT : Gingrich gets good laughs and applause with his "you can't put a gun rack" in a Chevy Volt
Finishing "The Big Book of Social Media: Case Studies, Stories, Perspectives" by If your into #socialmedia & #networks , READ IT!
Yeah! I was with the girl in the driveway! Haha I was picking up my shoes when you guys were walking.
"I wanna buy a Reese's truck... Chocolate and peanut butter cups? You crazy..but let's do it..." Real lyrics from this open mic.. True story
City Businesses: Clean Your Files Day is April 24, call 410-396-4511 by April 18 to register for free recycling pickup service.
Hi there, Robin! Glad to see you're keeping busy. Michael
See ya soon! RT I am up & at em on a Saturday! 1st stop... Starbucks! 2nd stop.... Zumba-Thon at
So much kandi..
..Its because of young folk like this our culture will never die. Hip hop for life.
My best to Tiger Woods.
that is extremely validating. Thanks for sharing it was good for my brain unit
waiting on to get home so we can celebrate her 21st!
Your turn? RT : very nice... When am I gonna get my turn? :-D
Amen, sista wee! That perpetual dumb/wide-eyed expression. Ugh. I can't wait til that show is cancelled five weeks in.
Whine whine whine. You should be pumped because you get to work with me today!
Don't let one lie control your life!
great job getting answers for your story on unemployment! my wife and I loved it!
want me to help ya out? :D
New Music comin yall Way 32 New Beats.6 songs completed so far..recording starts @ midnight...
Dear #ICE, let's get this started!!
Magic Johnsons blood is the cure for aids
Logan Square Kitchen announces closing, citing burdensome city regulations: Here's an excerpt from and linkto her full post: It's a s...
and I have no one. So don't come at me
: I've been thinking about doing the same as of late. Not really a terribly good use of time. Congrats!
Only if I'm dumb enough to carry it with my fingers in the ... convenient... finger-sized ... ... shut up. :P
#WhenIWasIittle I wasn't taught how to ride a bike and I still don't know how to -__-
Its not "the regime" stop blaming #Assad & look at #NATO countries insurgents. not rocket science.
Heading to the dealership. Could be coming home with a new car tonight!
#sad came in with one tweet and then left. #IWantHimBackOnline. :D
Did you joust or eat aa giant leg of meat? If not, there's room for improvement!
thanx for the shout out in #ff! Hope all is good!
Headed to the for game 6. Time to end this thing.
ALGELIQUE AND DAVID ARE GONNA BRING IT TONIGHT - BETTER GHET HERE EARLY!!!
Stop by the shop and pick up a !
hopefully the flash will make the shank unnecessary!
#mla2011 will there be an app for the conference ?
Never heard of it before reading the article I just Tweeted. What a rational solution!
Oh, he didn't say anything about having someone else do it lol
Ima Kill This BITCH i Swear To God
I don't see the "cuteness" or "sexiness" in someone who does drugs. I don't do it cause I'm scared; it's more cause I think it's stupid.
Mortgage companies pared their payrolls by just 300 full-time employees in September, compared to 3,400 cuts the prior month
Tin•Box of Curious Artifacts had an amazing Soft Opening...Stay Tuned
Ha! RT Taking 10 yo to see The Hunger Games. "Get to the arena!" is about to become "go to your room and stay there!"
can't wait to hear it.
The greatest thing about being 28 years old instead of 5 is that now my mom can't give me shit when I have Pez and Vodka for breakfast.
First thing Adam said to Eve: "No you do not look fat in your leaf." - Ryan Styles
that's the best part
#gcyale : We lost the debate on whether to censor. The only question now is "how?" We should be open about it.
#2ThingsIAppreciate Loyalty & Respect 
I WANT ,IWANT IWANT .. TO FOLLOW ME ♥ but thats crazy. ♥
ah, boring ass day.i think my friends mad at me. but idk why?
It's lady music kind of day: Florence and the Machine, Regina Spektor, Paramore, Gaga
Neutralizing doesnt mean everything is beige. Decorating tip for sellers: keep big things neutral, use color to accessorize.
make that rookie of the year push and make Irving jealous
You picked a night to watch #Raw with the return of the
In #SocialMedia #ContentMarketing either write something worth reading or do something worth writing about. #Quote Benjamin Franklin
You still coming tonight? I was just told a TV crew wants to interview a couple #NewPal students at 6:30pm.
Need record. What's your plan? Heading to Avalon then shit show. I will be there til wajeed. Wajeeed!!
We work out of Wadsworth but Barberton has the best Sausage and Bread in the area that I can source locally. Now to answer...
New release is available. No version change, but some updated examples are included with the zip.
If you're not part of the solution...you're part of the problem. Why so many missing adults and nobody seems to care?
The weather!!I LIKE!!! ;)
Go Bears!
Off too school
I don't think Dali has a Twitter. He can't really see over the mustache these days.
Underground Podcast #2: Benny Blades d. Mister X with the Irish Settler.
yes you can.
what show were you on?
if you want to attract a shit ton of attention, I would suggest purchasing it. lol
THANKS a bunch, Matera! You ARE special!
My moms making crab legs , STG - They Be BOMB ! Whose coming over 4 dinner : ) . Mhmm
Does a bear poop in the woods? Bring it. RT : Are you ready for saturday?
RT : That cop was fine as the fuck. Still hate APD... Lmfao..wow.
For men & women who need domestic violence services, call the DV Help line at 1-877-863-6338. If it's an emergency, call 911!!!!!!
Been good. Working alot and the Insanity workout. I've been exhausted. You staying out of trouble?
about to hit up the studio!! Time to work on some footage!
“: When your in Sunnyvale, Liquor is considered a food group.”
Hi Jason. :D
no my son goes there, aka The Boy. Lol had to have him there at 5 for his trip.
your Dead Man poster isn't on the wall because you've run out of space in your Depp Shrine Room...
Dude go with your family, and be happy for your mom cause tomorrow is mother's day! Screw this social bullshit!
I don't understand how some boys can sag so much... It's like their not even wearing pants sometimes........
thanks! we so did!
Given how crazy my life has been lately, it is no wonder that I have more than 1000 emails unread in my inbox.
Oh shoot. I'm off work tomorrow. I will have to make myself remember to get online at 11 (CST).
Hey Greg, we need a photo of T Gwynn to run in a 125-yr anniversary special section, but don't want copyright issues
If you have a headache, take an asprin, if you have a pain in the ass, break up with them
ames Naismith may have invented Basketball, but Dean Smith perfected it. Happy 81st Birthday, Coach.
I'm not trying be in ya twitcon I'm just trying fuck.... ( v.) I'm done with these hoes
The Blind Side :)
congrats! keep up the good work. we enjoy your tech blog over here at
Softball time? Yup! :)
What is it with turkeys and the Episcopal Church? A gaggle was spotted at St. Dunstan's this week.
yeah, that will never go away.
2011? Almost over?
completed her food and exercise diary for 03/28/2012 and was under her calorie goal
I only got 4 out of 9. Can you beat my score?
Creek going hard this year. Fk seabreeze, mainland, FPC, Deland, and University!!!!!!!
Round #2 topics include; International Perspectives in journalism history, relationship between history & memory in media studies, studies..
I'm for team with most points...if ya didn't understand da safety call in 1st quarter you'll not understand my strategy...
another one bites the dust.
Ralphs is insane right now!!!!
Liquidated the sympathy card company. Glad the whole sorry business is over to be honest.
Waiting for the premiere of boyfriend! Ah!
RT : Did you ever get your Pentagon book signing??>>>Hey there, Brother. Negative. Made contact, zero response
AND the same issue of features a charming photo of our own John McGivern on page 62.
DOING THIS
Me? F-f-freezing, wet, & covered in mud in the (make believe) jungle all day.
I couldn't stop, but I do agree with your comments on the BCS for sure...
A man should look for what is, and not for what he thinks should be. Einstein
RT : Examine the importance of new technology and fabrication techniques to create ornamental forms
Thanks for the tip! We'll definitely check it out
Thanks! We'll check it out after we return from the holiday weekend.
How are you spending your #FollowFriday today? I'm here for the last day of the Pet Industry Trade Show with PetLife Organic!
Peffer says the dissolution of UCAN is "heartbreaking." He believes in what UCAN works to accomplish.
Hahaha, it was definitely a mom and two small kids, but that doesn't make it any less weird.
;-) your cute
Yes please. my phone dies way too easily
39 N. 6th Ave tonight! with Free coffee, tea, soday first 50! Hope you come and hang out!
I'm missing it until later ... But I'm trying not to crack up in public after reading "David Cool!"
We love you too!
Yooo when the played "Mrs.Right" I was screaming omg omg then the played "My Girl" best night everr
BTW the potato salad is a great addition to the menu. Greg loved the Rocky Road Squares.
yup, arrived yesterday :)
..what country song is that?!
so did I. Now, I just want to be retired, lol.
Sorry to tell you this but I gave her some d*ck last night.You keep the feelings in check and I'll be give her the d*ck
Thank you for the #FF. Everyone must know by now to follow you. Best bird pictures and much laughter.
Thank you for participating in Chocoholic! You all rock!
Is that for real? Or a one off?
I got so lucky in the spouse department!! Thank you Jesus for giving me :D <3
The creative soul wants to share....let it express and others will be glad.
#funfact about teeth: Elephant’s molar tooth weighs nearly 4 kilograms and almost 7 square inches.
walks out Dad: is that.. Justin. what's wrong with him? Me: LEAVE HIM ALONE. HES PERFECT!
you're beautiful. inside & out. just sayin.
So do I tell a co-worker that he needs to shower because he smells up the entire office or not? The polls are open.
#TEAMRETWEET YOUTUBE AFFICIAL GORILLA POSSE & SUBSCRIBE 2 OUR VIDEOS OF OUR ONGOING MUSIC CAREER, MUSIC VIDEOS, SHOWS & US HAVING FUN THANKS
Anyone interested in doing a video learning web site?
tacos for dinner, oh yes!
1st chapter posted, working on the 2nd now(:
After no sleep in scottsdale this weekend had to get 12 hours of it back in ABQ. Now its time to get to work on the current and new work.
is there a shazaam for your face?
Swag, Swag, Swag On You :)
Well begin to ascend to our end once again can't defend yourself against, what's coming from the sky accept ya fate kiss the ground goodbye
Had a good run and such a beautiful day hoping it will last!
Follow on #Twitter to see the latest news from GalTime!!
Party Time!!! Awww >< at my house >< 7.00 pm!!!! remember
Girl: I'm da kholdest female in dis bitch! Dude: bitch if you don't sit yo room temperature azz down! Lmao
...yeah that was the only thing that sounded cool that I said all day lol
that means a lot coming from a big shot like you!
lol that was funny
On a cooler note, watched McCabe & Mrs. Miller for the first time. And boy do I get Warren Beatty now.
I wrote an email 6 or so years ago to Jason and he wrote me back a lengthy reply.. I was reduced to tears. Amazing man.
Mariah Carey on repeat
Where is it written that just because my daughter is friends with yours, we have to be friends?
Just woke up.... dreams have been crazy lately.
You know it's going to be a good day when two songs come up on shuffle on your way into work. Let's do this Friday.
Try 4 o'clock Saturday where I'm at on the west coast!
well goodnight everyone <3
you didn't, then i guess the words out of your mouth to my boyfriend about my ex never happened ....
Big L go so hard.
Tomorrow is friday!
we like to contribute the best we can :-)
i always seem to miss you when you come around
haha you wish!
oh my nose!
Ready for Memorial Day? Find great savings on fun things at www.communityoffers.com!
Three words to live by - It's all good.
good night!!.. have a nice sleep... ;)
your avi is better thou :)
Stick to the b-e-a-t
I don't think of myself as a poor, deprived ghetto girl who made good. I think of myself as somebody who from an early age knew.
#scumbagsteve to be a musician? Oh no...
Pitchers and catchers report to spring training in 5 weeks!
i like it, but what exactly is it?
First thought: FYTUKGLGUYFRFEQGB... but the coherent thoughts were basically just of inarguable and absolute love. Gorgeous.
I think the replica AL champ ring sold me on suffering through a Mariners game...
Oh No ! My shitty work computer just went BSOD!!!!
I know so funny
I would say if you're mildly educated you should know those.
update iphone...recheck manually manage music...itunes erases all songs from iphone...every fing time I update Thanks apple
that is beautiful!
it's the only bad thing about wearing a jean jacket
Bitches be trynna talk bad , but watch Ima Start Fcking Btches up .
Temple Chai Chanukah Festival in Buffalo Grove today from 1:15 - 5:00 PM. Come see Balance Lady Designs. Great gifts for everyone!!
Anyone out there celebrating #EarthDay? We already got all our #email out of the way.
Everybody kicked back at home
YES! Mermaid Parade=delicious.
Thanks for the follow! Can I send you a play? Matthew Ethan Davis, plays published at Indie Theater Now.
Women Who Changed the World in the First Decade of 2000!
Big things soon. Stoked for the show Friday, we will have a suprise!
I love autumn
Feeling sorta sick today so if you'd like a bag of germs, DM me.
I love these people flapping on about what a POS Google+ is. It hasn't been live for a 3-digit number of HOURS yet.
I so wanted to dunk mrs.cox idk how to spell her name...
If your looking to get in shape this summer for LA pool parties check out easy fitness and see if its a fit for you!!!!
Gonna go wash my dog then take him walking.!<3
I think I seen one of my followers the other day and she acted like i didn't know who she was like she was embarrased.. Lmao..
hello hello hello
Please follow these amazing people:
Someone just said soccer > basketball I hate people.
Yes, it's definitely different. I can't go much beyond Santa Fe. Once in Red River I thought I was dying--seriously!
play bob & slim thug so high please ASAP
Seriously this summer is gonna be great. <3
i think that whole system in MIN has been showing signs of fatigue for a while. The whole coaching debacle. just tiring.
I have four gallons of Boost Juice Boost Cooler. Free. Hit me if your interested. Local to Northern Virginia only.
~ Ladies , the only thing you should blow it's his mind !
#IGotNoRespectForYou , If Your Exteremly Ghetto & Illiterate . Come On Now.
talking about #fangirlproblems with
me&Ellen were trying to talk to you&Chris after study hall&the only thing you came up with was I'll get your IP address
pumped up kicks just came up on pandora... the office is so quite w/o your loud mouth! ha you best be having a blast with kate
Beans are a great meat sub. For heart health, base a meal around beans instead of meat at least 1x per week- we like #MeatlessMonday!
I agree as well Idris Elba gets the sexy vote in Can Black Men be Sexy YES his point is well taken.
. On the other hand, I find that blasting out cryptic tweets in frustration to be incredibly theraputic!
Gym class next. Playing some basketball! Got mad skills!
I can't wait to see you either!!
Exact Target found that 76% of internet users surveyed have been directly influenced to purchase an item or service thanks to a direct...
I just cracked my window so I could hear the thunderstorm outside... bring on the rain! :)
yeah but when you express so much how you feel about someone there is always that one who thinks i can change that
Friday Dance Party Fun starts at 8pm with lessons then party
Niggas goin overboard wit this boosie shit he not no biggie , no pac , no nas , no jay z , and no lil Wayne
Spear and Mission, 11:45-2pm. A little drizzle don't make these pies fizzle.
Bianca's grandma is awesome :D!
Shyt Belizean Moms' Say....: via my upbringing precisely.
is a cool dude, and he doesn't even talk. That; takes; skills.
- our own is a lover of both Gluhwein and Budapest
Actually, I think Bethany gets credit for the "me done good" line; I said "Show and tell"
RT : Just arrived in Dc for #WHCC I'll be live tweeting Ursula Burns fireside chat tomorrow for the company -
Protip - if it raining and you have your wipers on turn your lights on too.
✰ #OnlineBusiness Tip: Set up a affiliate program. Consumers can register and make money for any referrals to the site that lead to a sale.
and want to reach a broader audience with the empowering work that we are doing...
is now IN the airport.
Finally gonna sleep over my bf Jamie's house :D
I do that at 12:34
"BEST WEEKEND EVER!" ~ The same stupid bitch on Facebook, at least twice a month...
I would SHITTED my pants.....
#dolphins D#
gave a guy my sunglasses because I'm a nice freaking guy
If a Brit or Frenchman brag about how great their country is ,its a great bore,but if an American does the same ,it's the same?
Pretty please RT...Anybody from Atlanta? Play guitar? Want free beer? We have an opening for lead guitarist. With a cherry on top.
If they're unable to keep a conversation going, don't expect them to be able to keep a relationship going.
Relationships contains ship for a reason because although you may think your relationship is strong. It still can have the tendency to sink.
Do ya thang, sign yo signature
IT IS WEDNESDAY LETS MAKE THE BEST OF IT.
this morning it was COMPLETELY THE OPPOSITE!
haha yea sge also wanted to go up but she didnt
Former #hooters girl sitting next to me filling out an application to work at this bar
Buy-One/Give-One CSAs, Pick-it and Earn-it programs...
Yeah I totally do that all the time. I try not to do it in public though.
Like. Like. Like.
Yeah I got "and this is crazy" It suits me well
Damn...that was a certified body bag. X Factor.
I have a phone again! Expect to see more of me on twitter again. :)
Just picked up the latest ...can't wait to sift through this issue about 6 times
Bulls Vs. Magic last night.. Best game I have ever been 2
perfect thing for the afternoon..ah
it got a little windy didn't it? bummer for me too :-(
Breakthrough let the pain of the past drown in darkness as you run to the light and dance in FREEDOM
All i want for my bday is for to RT this or follow mee(: its on Wednesday can I get a shoutout on that days vlogg?
never could get into parks and rec. kinda like 30 Rock and office I like at first then it gets grating on my nerves :)
I haven't spoken to #oomf since last semester. I guess I was under the false impression that we were cooler than that.
So we're just accepting Zac Effron as a leading man? Just wanna make sure.
My people so funny
Let's ACT offended so we can get some attention (comics who are supposed to hate political correctness but are mad @ Ashton).
OLD NEWS!
I have 5 tickets for tonights #Bucks game courtesy on The United States Marine Corp. Late notice but Text me if you want them. 414-732-6681
Eventually you just can't eat anymore. I have trouble eating it nearly two decades later.
Awww np! Also thank you, congrats on yesterday from a reply from she's so sweet. lol :)
To all Jewish followers love you all and have a happy new year
When cases are going well here in the Capital Habeas Unit (CHU), we proudly shout, "Choo Choo" - one of my favorite parts of the job.
lol we're gonna try! Hopefully sometime this spring/summer
": There are only two ways to fail: quitting and not trying."
it's pretty great. The wait lists are a little long though. People are really using it which is fantastic.
--> RT : 12:34 to go in the first and we are scoreless #PHXLAK. Who will score first #LAK or #PHX?
incredible show. The chemistry you all have together is amazing. Very thought provoking & enjoyable. Great Job, Jay.
Cheers for the social media efforts of Boulder Co rangers. Of course BoCo rangers are the savviest of rangers.
Zotero is amazing, and (imho) should really be taught to high school kids for citation skillz, since it's so easy to use.
all woman here. I'm sure my reasons are different from the men lol. And thanks mama!!!
got my FITDESK!!!!
What a game and what a series. #NYR lead now 3-2. Joel Ward has to feel awful right now. #Caps facing elimination
ION CARE ! She made me look like an idiot . . . ALL 3 OF EM !
See you soon, #NathanFillion!
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 96
REGGAE MUSIC TO THE WORLD
can't get up for the #nba's first round of playoff blowouts, can't contain myself for the #chopped all-stars JUDGES episode... TONIGHT!!!
No contact on that Josh Smith injury replay. Never a good sign.
Sleeping is my drug..... my bed is my dealer..... and my alarm clock is the police... :p
At Costco the day before #Thanksgiving. Here's hoping I'll get crushed by a 50-lb roll of toilet paper and be put out of my misery.
I feel ya bro. We all need an outlet sometimes
how is gomez still in the bigs, and your on the pine? even if your ca ba against cappy is .050 you still have a better chance
Smh sad story
House of the Rising Sun <333
hahah shure it is!!! ;D we need to go to la tienda and buy some haha!!
I swear the person that is reading this right now is flippin BEAUTIFUL!!!
"the voice in my head for a long time was like simba+Luke skywalker+zac Hanson." "so you were a trifecta lesbian lion from outer space..."
Sketch is such a creep uhh
I really hope that's not the one thing we will always remember about the 80s.
My first children’s book is coming soon! If you are looking for a great gift for a child you know, put “The Belly Monster” on your list!
duude i know. I feel like I could fall asleep standing. side note I'm trying to figure out a way to c ur face @ winnie roast. xo
RT if you promise ur beliebers that you will never ever smoke or drink
#WhenTheBossIsAway you don't worry about it (anything) until they get back. they're just gonna change it all anyways.
It's nice to have some chops but it's never good to over play when all the instruments are vibing together...
Two gigs this week!! f£-day and s_nday :)
In Syracuse for the day
10 Laps to go - in the lead
Good morning Drew! Have a great session!
If #OccupyLA wants an evil corporation to protest, I suggest Grand Moving, Inc. in Encino, CA (US Dot License - 2036096).
so, about 3 songs in so far!
State, Local Laws Adding to Foreclosure Problems FHFA Official Says
Where to store geospatial data? (hard drive on desk not enough) Who is storing geospatial data in Wisconsin? UW map library...anyone else?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MAN KEEP HAVIN FUN AND SAY HI TO JUSTIN (NEPHEW)
After a Pagan single and stolen base, Belt strikes out in big spot vs. K-Rod; not an easy assignment, but...
Wasn't clear but probably not. Still, that 1/4 doesn't make sense. Would end up with ~50% of adult males in detention.
That much sweeter when I overcome it. :)
Im about to eat hamburgers thumbs all the way up
You bounced without saying bye to me?!? I'm heartbroken
RT Sunday is 's 25th birthday. All he wants is a Super Bowl berth. Go get it, young man.
when did you see it? I only saw once.
Lol. That moment when my mom wants to move to North Carolina…
yep! I'm watching tv on hulu
What's the world up to tonight?
Nap Time?
“: "There is no such thing as free money in philanthropic journalism. With money always comes an expectation." - #sxNotFuture ^th
good looking big homie!
Attractive blonds get touched, man. That's just the way of the world.
I hate being depressed. It's like, I can't get out of this funk. Fml. Fml. Fml. </3
All pervasive! Interesting. I have some ideas for next steps. So sorry I can't come by your #PAS2012 poster. cc
was just being honest. Hope were still friends. ;-)
Headed to get fitted for my tuxedo shortly. Hoping the styles I found in the online catalogue are available through the store.
aw! Thanks, lady :)
the summer goin pass fast and i aint did shit i wanted to yet
I'm already ready for MLB to start up.
thanks have a good chirstmas too lets hope that comes to our houses this year with gifts hehe
I just heard my phone it sounded like it was coming from inside my acoustic
it a good pick trust me.
Nobody can b who they are without being judged by some people. But Ariana believes we're all most beautiful when we're ourselves!♥ ♥Bretana♥
I'm ridin round wit no tunes, if I see another mf with headphones and they shit ain't broke... #Ungrateful Mf's
I really want some!!! Hope the bloody marys are good!
Thanks for joining us and for the write up!
Without communication it's like a cellphone with out the battery. It just won't work!
Due to unforeseen and unfortunate(thank you autocorrect) circumstances---today will officially happen tomorrow.
< I'm a big fan of this team here. whats happn ya'll,
My TL has been flooded with bday wishes to guess I should get mine in too. Happy Birthday! Lol
correction: that's what I know :) lol jk
Dent: Forced to reconceive of refugee camps as permanent places, not temporary as once thought.
Although partisan, I'm glad to see that the system still works. Congrats to the U.S. Congress for passing the #healthcare bill.
The South Beach nightlife scene, known world-wide for its raging dance clubs and all-night-every-night party attitude, is home of SwingFest
Pak, What website did you get that quote from? Hahahaha
How do you catch King Kong? Hang upside down and make a noise like a banana.
I may have my first semi-professional job as a paid intern for a publishing company!
Tea Time tonight at This is It! $3 long islands and $2.50 bottled miller beers. Paul and George are waiting to see you tonight!
I agree!! RT : How bout next yr, ZERO giveaway promotions for Phils games? Why give them your team's trinkets?
Thanks! Yeah, I was updating the code and you must have grabbed a page as I was removing the old code.
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL THE MOMS! A SPECIAL MOTHER'S DAY TO MY PERSONAL ANGEL IN HEAVEN, MY MOMMY. MAY YOU CONTINUE TO R.I.P.
Lone wolf Ashley
#weliveinaworldwhere levis are the best jeans in the world
I knew you'd eventually get revenge on me for that peeps comment.
Great minds!
Thanks! U2 RT : Have a Great weekend and Happy Mothers day!
Between 4-6pm, you can meet and in Lenexa at Kansas Sampler. Don't forget to stop by!
Im Gone M.A.D. Money All Day .G.F.B. Damage Mode 414.Its Problems Bitch.
And the movie just seems illegal. Right?
later. *walks off*
awww you're so CUTE!! :)))) is little Tiana mad? hm? lmao
Where are the jobs in genomics? professor quoted in
Gee. Wonder how many nitwits are going to go out and fire shots into the air tonight?
Good luck to us!!!
You say you push him back. Lies. I saw you walk with him. Dont fucking lie to me.
Why President Obama 's Approval Ratings Are Going Down Most Americans thought Barack Obama would change things for the better, and he has
#IfYouWereSmart you would follow me ;)
Argh! New Year's Day circuits almost killed me today. Happy 2012!
We are now featuring half priced bottles of wine under $100 every Thursday and Sunday. Time to double up on your #GirlsNightOut plans!
"Ohh you only have one tattoo?? Yeaa you're totally tatted up" <- things my cousin say :)
Aunty Stop calling me o... I hate midnyt calls.
You should come see us at the Battle of the Bands @ The Venue 42
it looked like a shooters gym lol.
you're an alien ...
Of course a pig like Joe Jonas is gonna be one of the judges on #theCHOICE ....
true story. “: Subtweeting about an ex means they have won.”
RT : MidWest Living wants to know who has the BEST PIZZA in the Midwest. What’s your favorite pizza place in #Ohio?
new money from strangers!!
I gave a tour to 's Jackie Gaughan and his family today!
why yes I was lol
Today's Brentwood specials: Soups of the day are White Bean and Mushroom. Sugar-free lemonade is Cucumber Mint.
thank you thank you!!
It's working fine for me - is it the browser maybe? I'm on Safari.
#GordonRamsey 's gonna make me stop eating out! #KitchenNightmares 2nite is a culinary nightmare but Gordon's gonna get these Queens right!
happy u r enjoying it. I just whipped up my morning smoothie myself
you wearing your Ellen hoodie :)?
Great Tuesday! And a great day to try our new Unlimited Leads and Dialer platform! Contact us to get details 866.460.6611
Send us a link to the article when you have it written!
Did you know in Houston, a cop can give a DJ a $1k ticket without a warning or db meter?
Mine or Pauls, :)
Has met me, baby? Indeed. She's immune to the powers of the Quiet Storm, baby.
Good Morning! What a beautiful Spring day! Got a little rain last night and today is sunny and beautiful! Receiving 4 yards of soil today!
but you're still a beauty <3
how was ur party
On the way to Guitar Center. I love that place
If anyone is at all interested in contributing to our show, please let us know! Email:
ROBERTT GUESS WHAT!!!
Can't wait for HH! RT Go to happy hour, have fun and get home early enough to have a good day tomorrow!
It came with this microphone I bought. Sonic? Something like that.
thanks that's awesome
This is gonna be a long night.
: When boys tell you that they can't get you off of their mind. ❤
dam....wat about orange city?
hey Adam, who you backing; owners, players, or fans?
#WorstRapLineEver Beemer, Benz, or Bentley, Bugatti body, you claim it. And all of it depends on the way you shaking your anus - Nelly
Listening to Michelle Obama's horrible rendition of emotion makes me gag. She lies!
We're going to tonite to see the curators of 5x5. Where will you be?
Maxim #2- You need your partner's "id" as well as their signature.
Thanks for your interest. We have every intention of expanding so hopefully we will be in Italy before too long!
Mailing out more records . This is the last of them. If you want one, buy from the label or the distros. Interpunk is the cheapest.
Off to #Jamaica any events going on this week?
When grows up, he wants to be a MicroNaught.
Terrence, thank you for the follow.
Hi Ivan, thanks for following me. Please consider following We are here to help. #DellListens. Thanks, LM
Nice job Erin!
Thanks for reading it! Retweet it too? Thanks!
i just called the cops youre completely fucked now enjoy getting raped in jail you criminal
I figured it was auto correct or astrology, thanks :)
RT: Calls from Youngster Joey
The sun just broke through the clouds - we're on at 2pm in Eastern Market!
I'm at the tech class too!
Jack in the box is apparently a police parking lot......wish I could have taken a picture.
Congrats to my good friend Todd Huston for winning HD37 race. An example of how hard work trumps special interests in winning elections!
Thanks for the post and mention!
- between those guys and Ruby Developers, it's like trying to find a good movie with Ryan Reynolds in it.
i want to check getting contact high at a and Wiz concert.
Attending Social Media Tactics at #Opp12 Great Talk!
And maybe it's because I'm a sensative person, but that just broke my heart a little.
DC Mayor Vincent Gray arrested in protest against new budget plan
I love you. Will you be my bestfriend please?
good luck! I'll be watching it on
Happy Diwali everyone! Special Diwali dinner starting tonight!
Thank u for the compliment! Have u found a favorite? RT : congrats on the launch of your web site!! It is very cool
“An exclamation point is like laughing at your own joke.”
Thanks for the follow Howell!
No. I tip off the shelters when Miranda is going to be driving by.
I'm completely dry thanks though at least I know who you are hahaha
finally beat my boyfriends score on fruit ninja. :D
idk he works at the smoothie king across from the mall and is going to Northeastern Univ. and he says he knows your sister?
Thanks for the retweet!
looks like Laura has gone home for the weekend but Gil is still coming for dinner
It's like the Bill Walsh coaching tree.
yeah, I've been there...never enough to get me to take pred-but you should be totally fine. It's longer runs that are trouble.
Freaky how an insurance agent from one company accessed my auto coverage details from another company while she quotes.
lack talent and effort. That's a bad combination.
- just read your entry about your health - congrats on all your success!!
damn these people are really annoying
I'm not letting it out of my sight!! I will talk to the pilot if I have to.
TAKE ME WITH YOU! & BRO YOUR ICON IS GORGEOUS LIKE OMFG DEAD >>> :D
um..... LOVE your blog
Technology is hard and confusing. Is Geocities and Friendster still cool?
i love you so much.Thank you for existing.
I'm going crazy here, I feel like a little toddler again :') lol
Like a kid on a bed i could jump for joy all day :)
My New Year's resolution was to #behappy. I think I'm actually gonna try to keep that resolution this year.
ahh feels good when im done working out hahaha feels refreshed idk y
I don't care how many followers you show, if you're a celebrity and don't have that blue check mark, i ain't following sh*t
According to newtons laws if my dick goes up you must go down.
Sweatin right about now! Damn u Wii
you guys should come to Purdue this weekend with
Happy to help! RT : Thanks for your donations!!!
Watching the celebration, I don't think it was Mr. Weaver's 1st refreshment of the night.
He confuses me with the time change
lol yeah creepin is never good for anyone ;)
Appreciate the updates, Maureen. It's hard to tell the players without a scorecard. Literally.
I have found the paradox that if I love until it hurts, then there is no hurt, but only more love. ~Mother Teresa
girl ya boy is ridiculous! lmao
The Hand of CROM sketchblog is updated. Go check out some ideas floating in my head. www.steveknerem.blogspot.com
Thanks for the favorite!
Been following U. Loved that clip.Wuz a hoot! Eagles no luck yesterday. Can't do 2morrow. I'm off 2 JEN in New Orleans.
Listened to my 1st Barry Eisler novel-Inside Out. Count me as a huge fan.
I hate being woken up by a text message... EVEN WHEN MY PHONE IS ON VIBRATE... -.-"
follow back :)
I love the Justice League!!
What a boss! // RT Was up to 6am working last night; when you work with awesome people & a phenomenal company, you don't mind!
#BloodTribeWRLD Blood Tribe southeast tour this April!
how is #shazam? I haven't had a chance to read any yet.
that's all that matters
I'm sure angelina jolie, u know, time mags most beautiful person on earth, would take issue with counters statement.
PickUpLine: If I gave you a sexy negligee, would there be anything in it for me?
you guys just HAD to make this on a Saturday night didn't you?
Happy Pepero Day!!!
And people stop tweeting about them new weak ass foam pros #SayNoToPros they like team J's forreal
I didn't think so either. If I am wrong, I will buy you one at the coffee shop of your choice in DC.
Haha I know, right?! Where is my storm story when I need some news! And no biscuits either...Forsooth.
But I'm Sure It Will pass .
a zip and a double cup
Tired of idiotic policies getting in the way of technology as efficient tools for the job.
No way. That's classic cinema. Any "Best Fights" list must contain that brawl scene. If not, it's for shite.
www.allsportsshopping.com. Best deals on the internet for Sports Apparel. Visit us.
haha where u at?
I know right? I'll ask if I'm going to sawgrass Friday and I'll tweet you lol or Facebook
Hi Internet: If your pre-roll commercial plays fine and your actual video fails/is bad. You have failed at life. kthxbai
Migraines suck! I need fried chicken and sweet tea. Don't think they have that in SanFran.
NaLee a mysterouly sexy brand new mermaid fantasy!!!! Check it out at NaLee2010.com
Im ready for bed
LOL! It's okay.
It's a new week! Make smart choices and reap the rewards!
she is so bi-polar!!! And those eyebrows...
good, I'm glad... I need to see your real face soon.
I made meatballs for the first time ever and they came out good!!
way beyond that by now!
Dumbest suggestion I heard to criticism that conf. is too academic: write a paper on it.
looking for office space right next to Old Town stop by 407 Rio Grande #ABQ or call 505-480-1602
Cheese and Wine Pairing class tonight with Taste Cheeses at the Andaz Hotel. 6:30pm. Cheers!
I saw you at Gee Willies....lmao
yes... so did I lol. I dont care what time it is... I'm going to kroger right the hell now lol
When dance mom ends ON abbie crying
Hey everyone! Headed back to the studio soon! Be sure to follow us for updates!
follow back! =]
I sometimes forget how to use phone feature I use so rarely! Have good night. Was nice chat!
If it don't COME to me i'ma GO get it
Throw them out! Do you know how much work it is to keep them alive? Epic, as in... keep them in dark closet.
Back in SF after weekend of contentious bonding. Taking a minute to collect and carry on. Grateful for MY life.
I could tell that he was nervous. But I don't blame him. It was his first time performing the song. He was still flawless as fuck tho!
Good luck!
you play in a dome sean peyton. take off your visor... kenny chesney looking bastard
The paranormal moment when you've been sitting down for so long, that when you get up, you feel like a manikin... o_o
Missing the ice machine at my dorm. Man that thing was likely teeming with the nastiest of filth, but I could use some ice right now.
The fire alarm should go off more so I can waste another hour of work
happy easter to all of my twats!!
MAN! When you come to Los Angeles again?
it's understandable how hard it is for Joakim Noah to act like a human being, considering he looks so much like a monkey
You know what I hate about Minute Maid Park? That we're down 0-2 against THE ASTROS.
Two hours of #aiip12 and I've already decided my next round of business cards will have a few edits...
: CONTEST! RT to be eligible for International Terminal Commemorative Coin Giveaway tomorrow at 5p.
omg i am craving a frosty
Need to make my dreams a reality!
Growth means stretching ourselves beyond where we have been.
The '08-installed bike rack is tucked away somewhere. Situation hasn't improved. The Militant takes the Express Bus now.
you can see the hesitance in mantan & sleep and eats eyes before the show but they go out anyways
Heading up to Boston w/ to catch the east coast's first Red Bull Thre3style - stay tuned DC
At home with mom and the sisters, trying to figure out the best way to celebrate Dad's too-short life.
go ahead do it! do it!
I hope I'm not getting sick
Correction: We are just now rolling *into* Indianapolis.
Again what you're doing is important. Well I guess good night. And I hope your suns win cause that's what you're worried about..
Good luck to all the RA Candidates this weekend! Just be yourself and have fun!
I would still have my linebacker stature, but being back home around the alcohol...yeah...i'ma lineman for a while
damn lol RT "Shut up..I wear heels bigger than your dick" #weak 😂😂😂😂
And we gone have a, good good night.
Heading to Isaacson & Stein Fish Co early tomorrow morning for pictures. And Peoria Packing Butcher Shop. Then Green City Market. Fun!
No prepurchasing, unfortunately. Its going to be first come, first served. RT : Can tickets be prepurchased?
Every thing I've lost no longer makes a difference
Looks like Pop is experimenting with lineups again. Manu starting second half in place of Green
Just because you don't understand what i am trying to convey or better yet, you don't agree. Does not make me wrong, it means im different.
Sometimes, despite what we may want, the door just has too many locks.
Our power was just out for four hours. Sad, how much an adventure it felt like. I will surely perish when the Omega Pulse comes.
Touche. Maybe (hopefully) I'll be working at some Physical Therapy place here though!
so curious looking..
Who doesn't love a drunk viewing of Sleepless in Seattle with your best friends of a Saturday night?
I tend to think on a more average scale than I probably should
Welcome back :) Did you miss us? We missed youu <3333
Interesting fact... there are cars in our parking lot purchased for more than what I paid for my first house!
Had to shut down practice in Beacon Hill due to snow & hail. Drove home to West Seattle where it's sunny and gorgeous. What gives?!?
Congrats my man! RT : Christophe Choo from Coldwell Banker Beverly Hills honored in the top 1% of agents Internationally.
says "sourcing sucks". Ask Jerry what he means. G'ahead. Give him a platform.
Yay I go one direction !!!
No kidding, guy before you walks on 5 pitches and Ishikawa swings at the first pitch.
True! Need to integrate CRM, MAS & BI to get complete picture. WSI_NetEffects. Would you classify any 1as all in 1 tool?
Get up, keep your pjs on and get The Eatery! Don't wear pjs? Put some on!
Having trouble getting android email to show in HTML? Answer: Menu/more/settings/send and receive & set mail size limit to NO limit
I don't fully understand physics but I'm not out here misrepresenting it. Doing so would be irresponsible on my part.
I did have on sunscreen :( lots of it
I will, I'll let you know what I think
They had speedos on?
Lots of librarians at the airport. But, c'mon... Take the badges off.
When you someone and be like "oh they have a perfect life" but maybe to them they are going through the roughest time yet .
Looking forward to another fascinating Power Lunch with the Israel project, Hillel Intl, & Israel on Campus.
#stm2012 Victor Henning from Mendeley now up and explaining how Mendeley helps researchers to organize & annotate managed documents
I'm really curious to see if they are able to track those rascals down
A Playful Spirit « Sunday Smiles
good luck
Awesome drive so far, it's like every radio station talked and agreed to play all my guilty pleasure songs back to back
RT : Roc Nation can't manage a bake sale.
Rubbing the back of my head after work, don't mind doing it while you're...oh never mind
90% of Catholics ignore the church's official position on birth control anyway. Why the fuss?
Missing you Grandma today is worst than yesterday #RIP </3
Thinking about being ridiculous at the Sox home opener next week. Sox gear for sure, but might also wear the foam Prince crown.
It was Yummy ! Hope your Thursday is going great!
like his new clothes and what not?? If so I understand
Ima make you shine bright like your laying in the snow(:
Orchard Lounge is coming to Baltimore 2nite Going to be a great night! U should come!
No more free macdonalds .
Now wandering to the saws section...I'm sorry, juggling saws is not allowed, Sears employee? My bad.
All The Way <3
NWST: Did the #Seahawks talk to #RGIII @ the combine? hear from the Heiman Winner himself w/ tonight. 930 / 11pm KONG
thats good:D lol so yea tell me bout u
I just can't believe Shane is gone...
Does anybody know if it's illegal to send somebody a text calling them a cunt? Say for example your boss? Or is it just frowned upon?
The NBA becomes part of a Hollywood script in there. Spielberg production.
don't do that shit again fucken scared me
My honey is home, drinks, matchbox pizza and the Redskins pre-season...wooohooo!
JB is amazing.I like his song Never say never with Jaden Smith.The song show pictures about the movie Karate Kid with Jaden who acted.
A quick reminder of my resolutions - to stop "trying" and take more naps - was enough for me to make better choices today.
Tiered 5gb, took a while to convince my own iPad that it was me asking...
Head phones and bumpin like i want.... time to get them beats by dre
RT : Robbed raped and murdered
Three Fox Run Retirement Community Immigrant Housekeepers Say They Are Living The American Dream
Love is like a fart. If you have to force it, it's probably shit.
Starters cramping up in Oakland after the longest half time ceremony ever.
"At some point we have to create one vision, one Detroit." Marlowe Stoudamire
recommendation by a female author & you handed me “Door into Fire” & told me it was yours. Loved that book. Son now reading you.
Thanks you for voting Yes!
We don't eat at ChickfilA, though many people do without issue since they use fully refined peanut oil
NYC......Wolfpack is coming to ya' tonight at 92YTribeca
Yeah, tolls are a rip off. It's a tax, plain and simple.
I wonder how many consecutive saves will need to get until it becomes a major story.
Keep a few bad b*tches in my circle
I want to Tweet about the Cavs, etc. There will be an all time colt fan page for the offseason at Follow them!
thanks... I'll check him out.
table arrangements are being prepared for the Premiere. You'll be seated with the Director, Bryan Boykins.
Seriously cant stop watching the vow
Ryan misses me!
Little boy sitting in the bath tub, looking at his privates. Says 'Mommy are these my brains?' Mommy said 'Not yet'.
Tears OF joy!”)
that i look gross? Lol
GET T TWEET 2 GETHER CAUSE IM GONNA ROCK THE HOUSE..LOL
RT : "Most people spend their lives making grand plans for it..."
I hope I can say that soon! My phone and both cameras are on drugs -_-
#IfGiaWasMyWife well ya know it's going down! #LesbiHonest 😉
Without communication and influence - a relationship doesn't really exist between two people. - itsjustme
Don't worry about the people who talk behind your back. It just means you're a step ahead of them.
yup. The 9th bro
hahaha idkk ryan has long lucious hair and I wanna braid it.
the Coworking For Parents space sounds like a great idea! Happy Monday :)
Absolutely RT A2 Shopping local businesses! Its fun to find those little independent gems around your neighborhood!
BOUNCE BITCH
You're very welcome Anne! I'm blown away by your great articles and photos! What a fantastic trip you're having!
Thanks. I am pretty bummed. Going to try again on Monday.
Why is Michael Connelly so addictive? Reading Black Echo.
yes please bringeth it on TURTLE!
Terps win, O's on their way and the Caps weren't taking up any TVs at the bar. Great night!
Nothing happens unless first a dream.
also animal porn.
YA MAKE SURE YA FOLLOW MY SIS NOW SHE THAT GIRL
I was elected by the women of Ireland, who instead of rocking the cradle, rocked the system. - Mary Robinson
Laundromat...surprisingly active at 4 AM.
I don't mean as replacement for grading, but some students don't like the wait for feedback of any kind
this the mix you putting out fam
Are you at the shop today? Have you met Maria yet?
next time<3
I thought wiz well. That's why.
hey girly!!! Hope ur doing heart too :)
Hii remember me ?
Amazon, seems to be supporting a bait and switch scheme with their 3rd party sellers? Is this true? I am upset.
Amazing! Can't wait to see these.
she used snot and rubbish. I might be in love. She's adorable!
I'm overjoyed w/ the Hudson Loft Series. It results in new friends, books, & ideas for us all. I couldn't have hoped for better. Thank you!!
i bought new mechanical pencils and on the bag it says "10 PENCILS!" but i got 11, haha whos boss? me
i love that song
NUMBER TWO: #DontGo in Mifflin resident's backyards unless you were explicitly INVITED, you would be trespassing
Don't Anne someone's love or kindness for weakness because you know you can get away with stuff. Each time you do the way they think changes
I promise,as long as he follows me..:(
good thing you guys are safe and no authoritative figure can get on this safe site to see this convo that could be a text
really, where do you live?
Working in Eddie Foy I's office in the old Dick Clark Productions building!
Augusta to host all 10 state golf championships - Atlanta Journal Constitution
It's tonight!!! Waking Dreams CD Release !!! This only happens once people!! :)
Love my dad's girlfriend! And I love Ethiopian steak tartare. Now I'm buckling down and loving wine studying and wine class prepping.
thx for your tweet. :)
Back on the treadmill!! Whoop whoop!! Been too lazy recently with working out, but it's such a great way to start the day!!
#NLC-- showed up lopking like a drenched rat.. hope I dry off in 30 mins
My mommy is making me and my brothers go to bed so early now BO (: not cool
How's my tweeters doing tonight!?
Beautiful! Congrats
Please do share!!
he's right! “: Sun shining in NYC!
I think you forgot the #thingsMothinksaboutat4am hashtag...
Roadhouse! Kicking solves everything!
HA, it is very meta, isn't it?
Oh, your reading the 3rd Hunger Games Book? You must read all the time
The struggle.
Yeah I need to hit the Gym ASAP, then maybe I can be a guest star in one of your videos!! lol
are u sitting on the toilet or just hungry
i find it odd how my eye only hurts when i bend down to put something away. the pressure kills it
i forgot my bday! Haha its on the 6th of november!
While waiting for my last class to take their exam, I am reduced to tidying my office.
Your hair looks great! Your Denver buddy is a weight lifter then? ;)
I understand the world spatially and not rationally
working out chest today I think ill do a max gourmet shake with some px7030 and a little nitroext
I did! I went in feeling one way and my opinion changed during the process. I loved it.
"Yeah. A car race. Because creating a livable city is *super* hard."
Daily Special, Tue 05/15/12 - Roast beef, ham, turkey, choice american/swiss, lettuce/tomato/pickle/onion, on italian roll, w/ FF. $6.09 RT
Happy Mother's Day Mom!! ♥♥♥
follow us?(:
: Don't leave your friend outside in the cold! Bring them into camp for a day of play!
I'm losing patience with the draft. The few teams I was cool with Kawhi landing with, are passing him up.
Just finished washing my girlfriends car!
I hope my leg heals before graduation.
Earn more money with hair extensions, weaves, & even making full lace wigs! For more info OR supplies email us @
~ Boo. This makes me sad.
haha that's muh bestfriend Stacey me her and her sister went and saw a concert and went to the fair
We should have given out leg lamps.
Thanks Laura, very kind of you to say. Keep up your great work too!
Staying home todaay made up an excuse that I'm making work up for mon LOL #excuses #tooearly going to NYC #modeling #abouttoasstillthen :)
Book signing today....6722 Old York Road, Philly...east oak lane area...support black writers...
No ladies cokmented on my San Jose Sharks hat
paws up!
#NP J. Cole Friday Night Lights
I'm going to start a series of blurry self portraits so when I'm famous I'll have something to put in gallery.
Congrats Kourtney K. and Scott on baby #2 hope it is a girl.
Sorry I haven't been on today! Went shopping(:
The coolest new coffee in #Oakland, we heart "We roast coffees we love in Emeryville. We sell them in Rockridge...& tea"
Congrats to Quinton Coples on becoming a Jet!
well put beanie. telling someone you love them after their gone leads to regrets
Hello Bella, follow!
This team is never dead! Reminiscent of Easter Sunday with five runs in the ninth. Just in the Kingdome, without the dramatic homers.
I love when I'm right!
#cody hey, how's your day been?
Danna Pools Inc is now on facebook!!! :)
Workin' on that AND the next retreat. In search of a money tree! ;)
Back to the dark side. And wasting time.
tonight 8pm you must see at
Just reserved tickets for #sevenmilemiracle Sunday at 9am!
Must have been incredible. I painted a baseball of Yogi Berra waving goodbye on the mound, but I wish I had been there.
“: Bobcats >>> Raider Rash” this nigga
Here's the address...9812 Falls Road Potomac, MD 20854. See you there!
Wow! The weather is great but wtf is up with all the mosquitos!!?
40 days and 40 nights and it's still comin down on me...
Man I'm sayin, y its so damn foggy out here. Even wit the brights I can see ish
Q3. I log on to Facebook to check on people's statuses and on Twitter to find giveaways and news and fun stuff.
The moment during the All-Star game where Kane turned into "SuperKane"!! Dominating the breakaway challenge.
Gross LJ rules in Oceanconnect UK Ltd. v. Angara Maritime Ltd. case concerning issues of private international law: [2010] EWCA Civ 1050.
5 days! RT It's almost time for ! Who's going?
Has ur company done any special events n Atlanta? If not lets talk, perhaps my organization can help set something up.
u, , and did that. Y'all stay ballin in the mix
well slap a pig and call me Carl, look who found me.
Building Wealth for Healthy Hair by Racheal products®
Its Raining :) -A
RIP to the Queen Of Disco Donna Summer.
NICE. Congrats on becoming a #JET. Cant wait to see you in NY. Best of luck!
Oh Alex...what are we going to do with you?(;
It's just funny how the old lady is criticizing free food.
Every one follow NOW!! ☺
Who trying play though.. that's the real question
&#9730; Buy USB DVR Tunr Your Computer into a DVR system Protect yourself
just being honest
How was it?
Some of it includes police training footage, which is now in the public domain, on how to put down protesters
"if we try to run a regular offense, we're screwed with... Peyton Manning" Notice Denver is changing offense for PM too
Hahaha I like your dad already
If SC hadn't IBB Adams then Wingo's play is safe w/ no force at plate and game over..great gamble Coach Tanner!
Yarrow: You're standing up for what America essentially is - a place where everyone has equal opportunity.
'72 Bruins (Orr, Sanderson, Marcotte, others) help raise banner for 2011 Stanley Cup Champion Boston Bruins!
Join Google+ It's going to be awesome when people are actually on there and posting stuff!
WTF! so what about claire ? I thought Jack's dad was Jacob! Or was this supposed to happen? Jack FTL! help me understand
Okay okay, I am glad I always have you. <3 btdubs, it's green.
My daughter is an at-home mom of 7, but w/out gazillions of dollars to help out - makes huge difference.
I'll join you!
Oh no! Were you able to get in touch with someone to help you at the store?
yes why?
yikes that terrible.. I'm sorry u always run into the real "winners" out here.. Hope ur alright!
Happy Friday from Chilorio's! Stop by and see us before you start the fiesta this evening :)
Bingo date was excellent despite us not winning anything. Now=fajitas and beer for din din.
"Creativity is inventing, experimenting, growing, taking risks, breaking rules, making mistakes, and having fun."
Robert H. Schuller: Let your imagination release your imprisoned possibilities.
I know , it's been forever !
Hi Amanda, weird. But have a great THATcamp! So sorry not to see you all.
sounds like an opportunity for a guest blog post.
I knew it! I knew it!
I need someone to take my mind off things.
where are you that there is this much snow? we haven't had this much snow in Missouri.
Whats up #twitter #tweeters!
looks absolutely flawless as always!
Best in Show.
Metta World Repeat.
Let's go giants!!!!
He who leaves nothing to chance will do few things poorly, but he will do few things. -Edward F. Halifax
And in all fairness to me... I forgot about the off night MiLB thread until just about the time I popped in...
What're the odds that both my pen AND my highlighter would run out on the same day?! The Mayans were definitely on to something...
I couldn't agree more! Just releasing something you feel so deeply is very powerful.
We're wrapping up a fun, productive day of learning, sharing, and growing at #upstream2012. Can you feel the passion?
I'm around jelly niggas all the time
& u can't smell me neither hoe , how u do dat
seeing u last night..have u checked out Dove Style Mag yet? Hope u can make the launch event this weekend :-)
I think I saw at Sakuracon. He was the one dressed only in bike tights, pretending to be Captain Fixie.
I hate you people tweeting about basketbal, considering the fact that I hate basketball😓
How are you buddy? Are you in America now? TELL ME HOW TO USE THIS THING, do celebrities ever answer back?
Keep it Moving; yeah yeah, to the K.I.M
nope, american
Hows it looking out there tonight?
you still got the same number RT : i aint get it lol
can't ask for anything better
Thanks fruits and veggies for keeping me healthy. And thanks for also keeping me hungry 24/7. Filling up on Crystal Light.
Couldn't get to #IMSB, but can you tell me does Google SearchWiki have any effect on the overall Google SERP algorithm?
oh crepes. They have taken over ur life. #sham 😳💩 haha
thank you for sharing!
thank you!
Why does it always snow on the weekends?
You are looking fabulous in these dresses!
L.A. weekly calls FTGU "an unusually talented and seasoned ensemble cast" Come See "Getting Out" 7pm at Lyric Hyperion www.lyrichyperion.com
I had the craziest dream last night. I woke up feeling so outta place. So my anxiety came about
I have one qotsa ticket for tonight available.
Another panic attack. It was suppose to be just a phase.
April Fools Day is so annoying. So glad its' the 2nd and amateur hour is over.
Its so HOT today!!!! I just wanted to start striping in PE!! D:
If spring is like a perhaps hand, winter is the touch once there, what's abruptly removed.
this sexy toe is out...... love you austy baby ;) lol.
Would you like more energy? Restful sleep? Pain free living? Anti-aging benefits? Patch technology is here! I use them, they work!
drooling over that RED Scarlet camera i'm looking to rent for the field....
Did I hear that right? Bryce Harper has JJ Hardy's Moby at bat song??
I think the rule should be 'Don't be an asshole'. After that the specifics are irrelevant.
Anyone looking for a roommate next year in hays? Lemme know
Celebrating graduation with my favorites
who's on the kiss cam?
Stoked for some playoff puck tonight
This is not about to be a fun weekend..packed with rehearsals and performances and work!
Yeah if he Zack and Gasol control the paint it's over for the Clippers.
Just got back from Universal! (:
Like my status if u dont know what lms means
Graduation practice :D
just wanted to tell you that I still love that "how do you solve a problem like maria" stalking joke.
And summer will unfortunately be disjointed enough to disrupt efforts to solidify schedule, social network.
The 99th anniversary of the Federal Reserve Act is later this year and our the dollar has lost 99% of its value. Keep up the good work guys.
Its an amazing song & MV. ": So I finally watched the video to 'Father'!!!! ^^"
So many great book-to-movie adaptations up for an Oscar this weekend! What's your pick to win? We loved The Help & The Descendants!
exactly my name is so weird
thank you ma'am
The mere mention of Koji's name gives me heart palpitations
If you love someone nothing else should matter...especially what people say
You guys Rock!
why not a COLTS theme hotel I know a lot of people would spend the weekend there before the games fans would love to stay as well!
Followed. c: ♥
why are METS fans abandoning ship??! Yes, we were only going to lose 17 games all year...?? LOL
Watching the fight at home this evening go Mayweather...
North Carolina have you seen south Carolina you two should hook up :)
Pistons' owners selling the team. It's pretty much inevitable the team will find itself in another city. Kansas City, Vegas, get ready.
When I get waken up from my nap! >.<
Thats a little weird for sure!
Many thanks & for your sweet re-tweets.
Thanks bro
"You're in the asshole of the world Captain."
why not mimic the best
Follow , this man is about to explode. Much love to our fam down unda! - Mendez
I wish i was as pretty and good enough as that girl you're with :(
have a nice weekend!
Check out the first and largest, the only A list internet radio station CyberStationUSA.com,
Thanks for taking the time. Nice job.
Glam Fairy 's Jon Breaks Down His Personal Style On tonight 's new episode of Glam Fairy, the spotlight turns on Jon as he faces some of
My great birthday: Two naps, fun with Daring Adventure Baby, and early dinner in Porter Square.
venice beach! (:
Enjoying my secular Sunday morning and persuing the news about the tornadoes... wishing that wishing actually helps.
A boyfran that stands up for his girlfriend is REAL AS FUCKK!!!
I should start going to church again.
Feel bad for and but good for Marty Brodeur
"Peace Hoe!" -'Bruce Bruce' from Julius Ceasar
you cant see me cena
HAPPY TUESDAY WARRIORS!!!!
#Angels Trumbo with a nice 2-run job puts #halos up 2-1 on
GOOD MORNING MYSPACE FAMILY !
hey hey hey lil sis! you're very welcome~ hope you had a bellariffic day :) love ya <3
lets go get a fatass hamburger.
lexis the meanest person ever
this song is really killing me softly...
oh yeah I know!!
I'm working :(
she was about to get I'm a car
RT : amazing to be asked, time and again, what are your ideas for digital projects and how can we help?
Watching how harry met sally. Never seen the entire movie before
I really hate girls who blame the entire male population for being jerks after their boyfriend breaks up with them.
somehow Ted Thompson needs 3 or 4 new and impactful guys on defense this off season..preferably not 6th or 7th rd picks..
keep trying, just keep clicking!
My little girl who's 6yrs is telling me about her trip to Whitewater last night. The Greek yard-show daddy was great.
Miami all day..
#makerfaire was so much fun! Even with a little one constantly asking for ice cream (note: the later in the day the smaller the line).
Good on the #Grammys for getting a singer with real soul to honor Whitney. Getting choked up by JHud.
DUI Checkpoints Tonight in West Chester (747), Colerain Ave, and Rt 28 in Milford, never drink and drive! Get a Designated Driver!
unofficially October
Thinking about what makes black women's internationalism distinct from black men's, white women's, or Asians' or Latin Americans'
She said she not mad... hahaha
One word: Kokomo. One more word: Badass.
i get bored easily.!
The Oregon Zoo is offering free admission for military (& family) this Friday to commemorate Veterans Day. (ID required)
New poll: Brian Krakow or Jordan Catalano?
Thanks for the recommendation last night! Hope you've had a great second day!
dressed Morgan up like a dead ballerina and handed out candy to all the kids, it was a lot of fun....
Great post, Bob!
My clients are playing flip cup with cocaine instead of booze. This is normal behavior...
Rain! I want it to rain harder! Hail! Tornado! Cyclone!
I've officially been awake for 24 hrs. Finally laying my tired body down. Awesome!
Help me out: those of you who've started alumni chapters - how did you contact alums? I've hit the (profession-specific) listservs, etc...
Todays been a loong day . Tomorrow going to be long to ! But ill do anything to get done .
": #Spurs are 41-7 since Dallas OT loss streak also holds two 11-game win streaks & currently rolling on 13 straight. #machine"
One lane highways with hills and slow drivers
Happy Birthday! to
To quote The Beatles, "I Feel Fine"!!
(im a day late) but Happy Birthday ! : )
Perfectly stated! “: Football can just fuck right off. A disappointing, annoying, and utterly frustrating weekend of results.”
#LessonWorkingHospitality Never deny gifts from guests #YouDeserveIt! but they say theyre going to Cracker Barrel, be specific
ughh. typing my essay and then it decide to freeze. need to type it again!!!
GRE prep class in the AM...and so the fun of applying to grad school begins. Feels like just yesterday I took the SAT.
Fuck y'all mad at me fo'? Y'all don't even know what I been through!
i hate all. these people messaging me those like weird things.. like uh no.
Oh, hello, weekend. So nice to see you again.
R you f kidding me??? Lakers bench is terrible!!!!! No chemistry whatsoever playing together.
Petroleum is the blood pumping civilization to function. It seems this might actually be the year solar and computing power tips the balance
Update out for iPhones, iPads and iTouch 5.1.1 - just bug fixes. Go to settings > general> software update.
Great, see you here then. have a fun secret vacation!
Follow us & get 10% off your 1st class! Open House Sat. Sept 17th! Yoga, Studio Cross Fit, Zumba, Belly Dancing www.superimpactfitness.com
I was a nerd before it was cool, the rest of y'all just jocked it. (punchlined)
Kelly Clarkson, Happy Birthday. 💗
this sounds familiar
#whydopeoplethink Im obsessd with !! I'm a dedicated Mahomie!!
alright ! i can't wait
follow me and my personal , I spoke to you while you were on Martha with Greg, I had the 3 cockers
Things will never change..
oh yeah, bourdain is the shit
no I had no idea! Thats embarrassing on my part
Jersey sheets are dangerous...so comfy...falling asleep on my 742 reading
My client United Through Reading is scheduled for NBC Nightly News With Brian Williams Friday. Their producers and reporters are awesome!
thanks man..it was fun! Took Julianna to her first game...good times!
The party scene is not my scene. I never enjoy clubs or parties.
congrats you deserve it<333
Miss seening magic an city togathet
Thanks for the shout out!
u are so adorable
The best thing about winter is.....
Thank you for having me. I am so grateful to have met you and all the other wonderful people at the Encuentro. Fantastic!
nope! She's not talkin haha :)
I was excited before...now I am freakin estatic as hell!
Waiting In line for an xbox 360!!!
I challenge you to RT me Brother!!! Thanks for all you do.
Serves to remind you. Injuries happen at anytime. The likelihood of Rose getting hurt didn't go up in the last minute beyond the first one.
MP3 or WAV. Three audio tracks + PiP audio is the limit.
runn to your charger!!!!!(:
Still sad about Donna Summer. I've always been a huge fan. Her music is incredible. And British men strip to it in The Full Monty.
I messaged you my number
- Thank you very much!
Ain't that America!
Fight club is a philosophical symbologist dream
Virgos stand up
RT I've got an off hours #ROR project -can work remote -for the next 3 mo's. 10-20/hrs a week.
Thank you for the #ff! Happy Friday to you.
I'm a sucker for light skinned women..and if u got dreads FAGETIT!!! It's a wrap 😍😍
Last week- Malibu. This week- Eastern Long Island.
am I the only one who hasn't seen "Weapons"? This movie playing all the H-town classics
I thought it was cute! ;5
movies like that aren't appropriate for children
aww that sucks that you have to end it :( BUT I CANT WAIT FOR YOUR NEW STORY LOL
Alumni CAN attend the .GOV Federal Career Fair on Wednesday Nov. 9th in the William Pitt Union from 9am-3pm.
Is it just me or does Ribeiro look like Achmed the dead terrorist?
you are an angel. I love you :)
It's time to defend the star. Let's go Cowboys!
Out of office notifications set, activate vacation!
WFNX just got sold? will it stay an alternative station? egads, don't make me listen to KISS 108.
It's game time kids! O-H!
Yes! DAMN YOU WHISKEY ICE CREAM!!
i might get a macbook :)
TY for the follow! Congrats on the new album coming out!
Hit the Lights!
#musesocial I believe that museums can engage a conversation with an even larger audience with social media.
POP-N-LOCK BEAT MIX going down live on w/ & at 6pm!!!
Perfect time for a nap
Working hard, saving harder, all so I can play the hardest ;) woo!
Can u tell me wtf this guys next to me r saying
And there's the only reason I don't count the Pens out completely ... Bryzgalov!
#TheWalkingDead continues to make strides, but Lori has got to be the dumbest f'ing character in the history of TV.
Me ": Who trying to go out to eat deaux my treat !!"
Where you still interested in being featured in my magazine?
How do you make a trombone sound like a french horn? Stick your hand in the bell and play all the wrong notes.
carrots in peanut butter are not like sea salt vinegar potato chips AT ALL.
Hm. There is too much on TV tonight. Good thing for Plus! What are you watching?
New addiction...the Flipboard app on the iPhone.
i would sit down and have dinner with my family
The Internet is one of our most valuable tools. Use it to the MAXIMUM. Let's get this movement going VIRAL!!!!!
“: I smile eveeeerytime I see justin's #NEVERSAYNEVER3D trailer. <3”. I vomit every time I see it.
20 pounds in 20 days? Check our FB for 1 of our client's photos. www.facebook.com/LVHCG
Yayayayayay! :D Yeah, mailing it is the best way. Text me. I'll give you my address and stuff. I'll keep it for you.
When you are in love you can’t fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
Stop on by our FB page for free support during your weight loss journey www.facebook.com/LVHCG
Casting 2 models for a Bridal Couture shoot on Saturday the 16th. One male model and one female model. Email assistant
Adrian? who that be?
welcome back partayyyyy!
We are happy to introduce a new member to our Team. Liza Grzeskowiak. You can contact her at:
that's so hot
RT : Got asked today, 'How long have you actually worked here?' I replied 'Since they threatened to fire me...'
I want a pair of those soo bad man. I don't even know why. I got the grey ones.
": BIG shout out to fo ALL the LOVE AND SUPPORT! #SALUTE" Awready, #iSalute ya back!
but even more than that, I hate missing any opportunity to cheer for and let him know how proud I am of him <3
goodnight waking up early :/
Hacked by Joshua
yes, would be positively scintillating in one of those! :)
is it weird that Butterscotch is my favorite? That goes for pudding AND Dilly Bars
hm no but I have a couple friends that do ... Thats crazy that's a lot of work
I tweeted some of the articles from e!online.
see the sceen unfold before you and im no tsure if its at me that you smiled at :D <3 Stand Forever
gonna need to see this...
Take a look at ripple's ePortfolio solution ;)
hunger games was the best movie I've ever seen in my life. Better than Harry potter <3
logic says you are correct
being required to drink mojitos at meetings. :).
you can always eat popcorn by putting your head in the bowl. Hope your neck is not sore.
Habitat Meeting in 15 minutes in the Admin Room 314A
I love grant too. Seems like a lost cause...
Afghanistan is one thing, but it's not just neocons that support the endless-by-definition GWOT, unfortunately.
Jupiter student oboe (Jupiter 355) & the Selmer, is made of ABS resin body & silver plated keys.
Damn. It was a great season but nothing compared 2 future seasons & great prospects in the Panthers system.
now don't get crazy!
Thank you for always giving me such encouraging words!
come on Sori
so you look too huh?
Soho Gallery For Digital Art. will screen Jennifer Lahl's Anonymous Father's Day and Eggsploitation --week of January. 29th.
Great to visit with you - your quinoa salad was an inspiration for our dinner tonight.
Just review Obama's new jobs plan. Is this guy for real??? Makes no sense at all as usual. More money to bailout housing market. Ridiculous
7 years bad luck? :x jk!
Yay :) I miss talking to ya. How have ya been??
In my J Cole bag(;
Saturday morning business mtg.
oh I completely understand some "Mahomies" are taking it way to far :p
Just tapped, 120 Min Imperial IPA (Limit 1 $3 Schooner only, NO GROWLER FILL on 120) let's spread the love
Also interested in anyone who would like to share their gardening tips and perhaps write a feature for us!!
oh lawd. I drank Starbucks yday morning. :( worst decision right there. Haven't had it in months.
GREAT ! she's so pretty, I'm jelly /: ahah how was vacay?(:
They say that drinking excessive alcohol lowers testosterone levels in the body. 2 oz/day is considered healthy!
I'm so bad at life
we care too much about how others see us, and not enough about how we see ourselves.
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw you don t have the fear of a judge not granting counseling between the parties.
Won't play Paris Bercy-too fast indoors, won't play Madrid-too fast outdoors
LOCALS NIGHT! Locals Entry is just $5! Tons of gorgeous girl, message me for free admission and free limo pick up!
Love the myspace page, good music too1
I'm hungry AF
Old enough to have a kid in college.
Tx for the interview promo. Hope you are buzzing with business!
I wanna stay up all night doing nothing with Luly.
Going back to an old love is like reading a book over & over again.. same ending .
Had Carey & Bell met in Philadelphia before Bell's death?
So if this "heavenly cdn" were running on AWS Apr 21st - 23rd would all those "stuck" cron jobs be in a purgatory dir? :-)
Local ACLU raises concerns regarding recall petitions, saying process could jeopardize domestic Violence, stalking victims.
. This is a hard concept for some to grasp. Examples: perjury, false advertising, solicitation, hearsay.
GIANTS get er done!!!
One day in the future the Orioles are going to have this ridiculous fielding 3B, and it's going to feel awesome.
So we have the late early lrnchatters!
Awesome! RT Buy any 3 drinks anytime this week and get 1 free drink! Make sure you register your LoyalTea card.
You might like my account. Check out the community. :)
LmfaooooooooooooooooRT : I remb wen my bm told me I was a piss of shit! I saw the order day she was looking like a piss of shit
kendrak: I see both sides. Didn't become a librarian to work with books. I also think InfoPro or the like is a buzzword and dated. #slan ...
If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over? -John Wooden
#TeamFaber family here!! You're the man Uriah!! Hubby & I enjoy watching #TUFLive every Friday night here in Memphis, TN!! 5-3 BABY!! YAY!!
Loved it today on 'First Take'; clever, clean, nicely-tailored play on the Brooks Brothers madras jackets. Joys of spring!
LOVE working with our #socialmedia team ! What rock stars!
Bout to pick up my lil sis and thake my lil siblings to see project x.
Morning Sunshine! Is there an organization in So Cal that needs and deserves a sunscreen donation? Tell us about it!
Glad I got NFL Sunday Ticket while I wait for the Saints to come on at 3pm.
havent bin on ina while :O
i have t say I miss Mike Ross :/ <3
Totally agree.
After #Rhiana's second performance on last night's #SNL, the burka has now been banned in the Middle East.
Yay! Thanks for the mention & the love. Hope you are enjoying the mix!
I have Incubator envy... so cool!!
Introducing Keg & Kitchen Kevin Meeker has revamped Cork in Westmont into a homey pub.
what is there, 10 weeks until the draft? I can't wait, one of my favorite weekends.
follow back? :)
Jealous. I need a date with RT ": Grinding at with and the fam. Amazing food"
well unfortunately for her, I'm 20 and I can do what I want :D And I dig the serial killer thing :p
i will be broke after graduation lol oh gosh either way im excited for six flags :)
I want my bed right now I don't want be in chemistry lab 😣
Yes, great article in ! ps, love the Magic Mouse, especially with iOS5.
You will probably have to email me and explain the point of this. Use small words. And pictures.
“: Mayb she won't then again mayb she will!”
That lifeless feeling you have after you take one of salyer's tests<<<<
It's we who thank you! RT : Thanks 4 hosting our associates, glad we could offer resume tips today!
Chef E shares recipe for hassle-free holiday ham
Because we just love liberty that damn much ;)
. any updates you can share regarding a certain upcoming tour?
#RenFaire is happening. Oh yes, it its happening.
God is great, beer is good, and people are crazy.
what a game!!
I think part of a best friend's job should be to immediately clear your computer history if you die.
Hey there, (MrPoliquin), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
Maybe they smell because of the library. Maybe you smell the same but you can't tell. Or maybe it was you all along...
Alcoholism fight misses some binge drinkers
I'm so hungry, and so lazy. What's a man to do?
#smbmad she is inspiring. we agree!
uhm i dont know how to work this thingg, :/
the things i do for royce! knowing i have to wake up early at 5:30am & here i am staying up late..ay ya yai..lol
I think its your bed time :p
Wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle... Yeah!
sorry Keyra didnt mean to tagg u in this...But that gurl.
I'll be in UM thursday. Anything I should take with me?
WTF Ozzie? Killing me! “: Ravens Fans---> RT : Baltimore trades pick, Minnesota now on the clock.”
Feeling is mutual!
Some breakfast would be nice
“: Just sucks that we have to play Game 7 in Oklahoma. #Allin #Mavs” ---- Hahahahahha
"I wish Reality wasn't cold but it is, Growin up in the city some thuggish and rugged kids" -the first line of one of my new verses
Carmelo strained his right groin in the first quarter of tonight's game
Probably. But ck the archive. It might be there.
<3 text me
A5: grab attention now because they are new, will fade if they don't add value...which they don't.
pretty sure I just swallowed my tongue. How come I never see girls that look like that when I bowl?
RT : I'm to understand the audio on tonights Oscar telecast would have been better done by the Audio folk from The Artist.
atleast you don't have to play with under classmen!!! Ughh she pisses me off so much!
In Sydney! It's one of the most beautiful places I've been :)
is there anything coming up at church for young adults??
So happy Quinn (Dianna Agron) is okay!! just had her on air..
That's just wrong. Shouldn't it be Vagina "Pink-ener"? Seriously, wouldn't a white vagina be scary?
Had NHL 2 x's R-CHOP is the best-but side effects are nasty. Read Amazon, "A Pocket Full of Posies My Life With Cancer."
Wow, Vinny got fat as fuck. That's a good 70 lbs of fat gain right there. AT LEAST.
loves grapes!
Communication my friends, communication.
RT : You have 9 seconds to capture interest of your customers
Nah, I was talking about a bodyguard/security here in Detroit Not Sean Kingston
Anna Brickhouse on "After English" panel: "There was a longue multilingual duree BEFORE English"
Party time: Finishing up party guide feat. Nelly at , Wintervention at , Five/Ten at & more!
I love ice ... 4 Twine, 2 flip, 5 swallows and I at school: D
You didn't eat because you thought you'd vomit in 1-on -s? We're not THAT intimidating! BTW want to read RENEGADE kthx.
You're welcome! I'd like to invite you to follow my page!
Will you be at the opening night party tonight? I'll be there!
YOU WANT MORE FOLLOWERS?Tweet us your favorite picture of #justinbieber and we'll choose the best.The winner gets a huge shoutout!!
clippers won!
Remodel Tip: If u want 2 reuse existing faucets in a Kitchen or Bath remodel, atleast use new water lines & drains - WAY less headaches! : )
“: We all made the team!!!!! #MIOBI”<---yay! It had an amazing ending! Will miss so much!
hahaha We will have cups for those who want them.
I thought that dude was gay?
Good morning world, bout to work out and remix my resume real quick
your tweets are great.(:
Nothing quite as romantic as the humane society. Wouldn't want to spend Valentines any other way! Http://twitpic.com/3zz06a
thanks so much for following! :) xo
Demi is my inspiration. ☺ her BIG SMILE made me STRONGER! :D
Mann I'm waiting on u today just let me kno when u coming out
Hey thanks!!!
haha you can't sleep (:
if you're the best why are all your tweets either oh im so high, or i have no friends, no one texts me. Doesn't sound like it
no trouble at all. My pleasure.
hey love
#AllRelationshipsNeed trust & communication .
After listening to the whole CD at MyPlay I can't pick a favorite song all of them are wonderful! :) <333
is disappointing me with all these breakdowns.... *yawns* I'm pretty sure it's probably cuz I'm not rolling. :/
Stop waiting for magnificence. It's happening all around you.
Witnessing the bizarre convergence of my teenage son reading The Scarlet Letter on his android phone. Technology doesn't make it suck less.
RT if you want to WIN tickets to Dances from the Heart!
my feelings for u are way beyond this universe nd witout u idk wat i would do<33 ur the guy a girl wished she had:] MUAH!<3
Brunch with 3 amazing ladies, great Mexican food, incredible mimosas + beautiful weather = perfect Saturday afternoon
This has been the best couple of weeks of my life. Blessing are coming to pass. God is Amazing
#niners better smash on the #giants bring the a-game fellas
Took a four credit Italian Class at CSN.... That rivaled the majority of my graduate classes.
I would rather have Crabtree as out Main TE let Finley go play where ever.
"Siri tell she's stupid" ...."Now calling Joe Bates"
the big banks should donate unoccupied homes to returning veterans. great PR campaign (#occupythis); get fed tax break, etc :)
are you calling me a nightmare?
About to start a renegade mix on Freqbase, get locked!
Dear -- PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE remember that none of the characters have graduated from NYU/Columbia - and your writing is sucking
THANKFUL 2 BE HERE
Had a shot of Intelli's Black Cat espresso this morning. Still a classic.
If only artest was shooting good tonight, we'd be up by at least 10
Cheer up, the worst is yet to come.
Chemistry and math are literally going to be the death of me....
If you haven't seen LABIOS ROJOS yet, come over to the UltraStar Cinemas, we will be screening it @ 10:00 PM TONIGHT!
Headed to NYC in July. Is it better to book hotel now or wait a while?!
exactly! Thanks so much-- I appreciate it!
Lake Show. Artest going HARD. Mamba playing too smart. Game 7 celebration imminent
RT : I'm back! I can't believe that upshaw is still on the board
Early Bird tickets going fast at $35.00. Don't be the one to miss out on your early bird tickets to the hottest concert in El Paso TX, REIK
I absolutely LOVE Stevie! Oh, and BTW... That lady has to be the MOST FAMOUS CHURCH NURSE EVER! LOLLOL
Everything is going perfect! And I'm happy:) I don't want this feeling to go away!!
Thank you and happy new year ! rockin reverb artist :-)
you've been following and RT a lot of people so I an gonna give it a shot..follow me??
A bit brisk out there this morning. At least there should be heat in the car on the drive down to Urbana.
you mean memorial day weekend lol & yea girl ima be workin too.
I try to design my courses so it's more work to get an "F" than a "C," but still…
In like a lamb, this is almost Fiero weather
At the #SOTU sitting front row center in the press gallery
I believe it is impossible to make sense of life in this world except through art. –Daniel Pinkwater
Gonna go bake some cookies to take my new co-workers tomorrow. And as part of a tip.
screenshot or it didn't happen
RT if anything Michael Jackson makes you wanna dance.
What would my mother think if she saw me now?
i give up, time for a taco.
RT : Chewing minty gum on an empty stomach <
“: - I will be there next month. See you next month for another great event.”-me too! Bring friends!
My initials are TCB . In case you didnt know , that stands for taking care of business (;
Rick! Don't agree with this shit. I say who follows me. I'm the boss of my ig.
Josephine yoiur slow because I tweeted that an hour ago (-_-)
Great rainy day lunch: leftover risotto with butternut squash and bacon
Let me know what you're looking for.... Thanks !
Let Me tell sumthin bahja dosen't have style us she aint cute like us and she can't be like us she is totally diifferent from us
Goodnight I'm fucking tired
the lightening is really close and it sounds like someone is throwing rice or like macaroni noodles at my window non-consistently
In Vail or 13th Annual Real Estate ski week with Marty Burger and a list of fantastic people. Can't wait for the events to begin.
I lovee you
“our choices are not between richness and poverty or between fame and obscurity. Our choice is between good and evil.”
How is your tour been going for you.I hope it is going great and i wish you the best.your amazayn and dont for get it
Would u rather me be real or tell u wat u wanna hear Hun that's the question
appreciate the mention and sharing your art.
What do you do if you need your glasses to find your glasses? help!
"Tell-a-Vision"
not sure yet :D
Thanks for the follow Von. We love #beer too.
Girl: I'll show you how to play Minecraft! Boy: I already KNOW how to play Minecraft. Girl: (pats his back) It'll be okay. Don't be scared.
Happy birthday from us as well
One grammatical/spelling error I can't understand people making is mixing up lose and loose. Is this common ?
Bracket with vs. would be tough to predict.
Question For My Crush: What's up with that restraining order against me?
I used to stay up to make a wish at 11:11 but I realized it doesn't really work when you left...
Alexander McQueen Exhibition was far more than just amazing. So sad photography was not allowed :(
you still in skinny jeans? might be worth the trip just for that “: Stones Throw in right now at MOCA. Get.yo.ass.over.here.
Join us right now 6-8 for a dog adoption fundraiser! They are generously donating 10%! Drink for the dogs!
I'm a teacher who believes in working COLLABRORATIVELY with parents.
definitely bright & sunny!
Follow your honest convictions, and stay strong.
Kings of Leon, What Makes Them Unique? #studentpapertitles (nothing, turns out)
I need help with adsense.... how that shit works and how am I suppose to add ads to my videos? thoughts???
who's ready for The Hunger Games movie???!!!!
sounds like he's actually talking about PEOPLE!!!
DO U HEAR DO U KNOW THEIR IS A HOLOCAUST GOING ON RIGHT NOW,THE SMELL OF BLOOD AND DEATH IN #SYRIA BURNING THE FLESH
Are you dolphin still? We have presents for you!
as they should be live it up!
you have got to be the nicest person on this planet. Stopping and paying attention to girls, it means the world to them(:
At Tampa General Hospital for Childbirth class with , very interesting information.
can you please follow me ever since you were on americas best dance crew I thought hey that girl can dance lol
Mistake of your business: failing to fail
it's google I have a prob w/ in MFF. Flash causes my IE7 at work to crash. Thanks though, I'm def going to update.
I know! Crazy!
Thinking about deleting my twitter again..👌
Just left house! :P
just saw it tonight... Was pretty good
Happy Birthday!
can't tonight but hope to watch it online, love what startup grind is doing!
hello may! 47 last friday! all is okay!
Changing the title to She Ain't You(:
I just added a second filter to the per-note signal chain. Now my synth can talk! It's saying "Yoyoyoyoyoy! "
Tech support and administration roles are to remove barriers to use of tech.
Easy money? As in app dollars? Or ranking status for research grants, alumni donors, etc?
Indians with papa and Dewey!
Watching i die
When Keith accepts, we'll discuss details.
a bully is someone who hurts other people. you've bullied me plenty of times.
I had some vegan eel recently. It was surprisingly good.
Info Tech: 3 hours of Facebook, Pinterest, and Twitter.
Stock image hogs, load up on iStockPhoto credits. Use code LEAP20 for a 20% discount today only!!!!
That moment when stops RT and now you have to wait until next time he goes on a RT streak to try and get him to notice you..<3
need PLANT MANAGER candidates in ARK and South FLOR. #hiring #poultry #jobs $$$$ and relocation assistance. Send resume to
So excited for #IslandDivine w/ tonight!
This DVD will be the death of me. So perf.
Hey buddy....i heard some grl said hey to that asian n he made that tweet his favorite tweet
I did go to ochsa! :)
Yeah, you walk in they get you to buy one then put you in line. They said nothing but books but he was signing other stuff.
": Are you still online via fb RT": kk""yes please like fan page
And the Cards are back on their game.
My favorite indie band is Minus the Matthew Berry just kidding I'm crushing both my leagues thanks to you.
Grow up. #fuckEx's.
There's nothing like San Antonio in the summer time! Especially if you're along the River Walk. We'd love to host you!
don't you mean #nopants?
Now if I were posting the exact same message on Facebook and Twitter, then slap me around and call me Susan! :P
Pepper&Egg. Eggplant M
I just got robocalled to phone bank for Walker with Mitt Romney...Uhh, no thanks.
oh i know i was just gonna tell u that alex followed :D looool. goodnight (:
About to see Dark Shadows!
#GameTime on Friday practice and then game on saturday
**zombie walk from bed to bathroom. Bathroom to bed.
Saturday will be a big day!!! 9-picks in the 4th-7th rounds. Where Ted Thompson makes his money!! Love that GM!!
I'm watching live footage from Oakland right now. There's a huge crowd heading into the port...This is amazing!
#ThirstyThursdays right now !
it's the right knee.
congratulations! the breakfast sandwiches almost redeem the crappy new bread (squishiness is a virtue in that domain)
Having a really good feeling about us ❤
I agree! Come back! We loved seeing you at Mova...
T-minus 3 weeks until application deadline! Congrats to partner cloud for an incredible NEW class
Scott Disick had a chrome Audi....
i submitted my video to u i hope u see it this time it wasn't picked last time
Best of luck at #IndianWells Philly's rooting for ya!! #VikaPhan smile
oh for certain.
OMG OMG OMG. IM SO EXCITED.
Hilarious? We don't know the meaning of that word. Is that Latin? RT : #FF : because the tweets are hilarious.
Gym work out song... "Glamazon" by that's what I'm striving to be once my work out is complete "a glamazon on on on" lol
I met Mat McHugh, the guy who does extras casting at some place like Actors Connection. And yeah, it's AFTRA only. Poop.
So just followed me.. This is pretty cool! :)
We are live on with right now !!!
iknowwww we should change that.! (:
"don't lie" shit Mexican girls say
re: big hair. Could be your new tag line!
Thanks alot Randy. O'Brein tranferring from Terps football team. This guy needs to go.
What The Fuck, Why Wont She Talk To Me!?!?!
1/2 hour ago it was sex. u better find a story and sticck to it
My brain exploded when I saw that Nintendo was charging a few bucks for office apps. Seriously, 3DS Calculator for $3? Geez, that's a rip.
Let us fuck!
things i accidently google: eminem first startup
#GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime Get Rich Or Die Tryin' !:]
work it shaquanda
who's she? Lol
"Ideas not coupled with action never become bigger than the brain cells they occupied." - Arnold H. Glasow
The beauty of music is always in what is said...
thanks for checking our website out and the mention!
They tried to set her up? (cantbeserious)
The Cabin in the Woods turned out to be the best spoof horror film I've seen in years.Not quite to the level of Garth Marenghi's Dark Place
we're at madam's organ now!! Come to us!!
Watching and his sons as they become men.
Yes, it was filmed in and around
I don't need your civil war
morning all well we have some sad news for our fans out in spartensburg sc ....the april 2nd show has been cancelled at groundzero
CT official tourism video shows steam train, I thought it was Metro North's latest trains for Fairfield County.
So Fun!!
let me know when u get the info I wld love to be apart of that too
The countdown to Cinco ends today; join us starting at 6pm for the Tin Lizzy's Cantina Cinco de Mayo celebration!
Proud to see Jani-King logo on Penske partner sheet this morning. Excited to discuss B2B opportunities with #PenskePartners!
I would but your not at
The strap from my shirt just popped in class 😰
been laying low for a while. Waiting for the weather to warm up.
RT : I wish Rachel and Susan knew how MUCH of an impact they each had. Incredible and inspiring legacy.
We are!
Maybe in London. You really need to come visit California, Charles.
Drinks at the choke!
absolutely I guess I'm a bit obsessed ;)
Yelling at my sister, "WHEN I WAS YOUR AGE.!.!." Then realizing, "oh, nevermind i was doing that too." & walking away slowly.
Great session on incorporating social learning into sales training.
Unfortunately, no. He was really subtle, so they can see how uncomfortable I was and how I moved his hands, but not bad touch.
Automatic DMs are still a thing?
RT "Scheming virtuously"
If I had a nickle...:-) RT greenrock is terrible without you
#FF this fab concierge company helps you find all things fabulous in Vegas!!
The first great characteristic of the true Christian is always a sense of thankfulness and of gratitude to God~ D. Martyn Lloyd-Jones
Reynolda House is helping continue Bearden's centennial celebrations...We debut "A Black Odyssey" October 13!
lock switch stopped working and the USB connector shaky.Sadly they won't have a droid 1 in stock to replace it. Droid2Global!
James Allen hunt ends thanks to off-duty police officer
Cannot believe #everydaysunshine won't be on PBS station in DC area! Come on Feb 1 so I can buy on iTunes!
There a party of course ! NYC or long island @@@@@@@@@@
I'm pretty sure no amount of rain would cause me to flake on a TNG party.
jealous!!! bring back the warm weather!
that sounds like a good idea, but that's too tiring though lol.
guy i dated briefly in college got really un-cute. 'scuse me, i'm going to be smug for the rest of the day.
Dear neighbors is it really necessary to have the lawn guys come at 7am.. I'm pretty sure the grass won't grow 10 feet by lunch time.
We have a winner! Watch out for more trivia as we gear up for our Winter Festival.
Actually like the new pages for Facebook. We can now see who likes us!!!!!!!!!!!!! About time Facebook did something right!!!
After a week of being stuck at home, I'm beginning to understand what Terrence Steadman was going through.
Taco time?
Reading via kindle
Suicide Silence - "You Only Live Once"
Off to teach my class... should be interesting tonight. At least for me!
Two guys in a moving van were able to identify my type of cereal (that I was eating the car bc I am classy like that).
Hey Lady! We must do brunch soon! :)
Get the win
i love you
Hah! True! :) RT : Of course it does - you're paying for consulting!
Seriously am so depressed right now :(
My goal is to go to my last stupid ass freshman class hungover.
great show. Your supporting cast is awesome too.
Thus ends the quarterly Shane Tweet Fest. :)
Sunny Day Exercise - walk around house looking for gaps to caulk before winter.
Like i said i don't want another guy friend nor a girl friend..
alright brewers, here's the deal.....ugh, nevermind.
I throw ice at people who need to chill out
-----> RT : Girls w/ small B-cups & big butts who don't wear bra's, I love y'all.
not feelin so hot today:/
Looking forward to hearing Gloria Steinem tonight w/ my 13 y.o. daughter.
AHH, Piky's going into labor! She just gave birth to one puppy who looks just like her. It's SO tiny. PUPPIES!!! :)
Thank you very much!! Ha! I figured the punch was a nice button to close with! Go big!
'cause mrs.sato made me ! where are you? come get your seat, ricky is singing...
You can't read one verse of the Bible & develop a theology. The Bible itself is a theology!
So not funny Cal!!!!
I mean, it's fine, I can just sign up with a new ID, but... seriously? I just want to support 's kickstarter.
Darn you Dan T from Rocky River you won my VIP Floor Seats for next years home opener...
I'm bored. Whens the next rodney king beating?
must b nice lol
as a Florida constituent, I oppose #SOPA and #PIPA. Keep the Internet open & unencumbered!
Good night
We're still number #1 on the ReverbNation Rap charts for Phoenix, AZ. the Best has arrived!!!!! the rest just survived!
mad at me for no reason? i could care less.
"I'M IN MY KITCHEN, COOKING NOODLES. YA'LL NIGGAZ SOME LIL'DAWGS, I CALL EM' POODLES"
A whimsical "Barber" is in at
Congrats!! RT Thanks to my dear #betafish who edited my chapter for contest -- I'm a Top 3 finalist!
Who went to the Super Bowl (I didin't ) :(
#biggestturnoff when a guy asks you for "pictures" <<<<<<<<<<<<
Not yet, but my husband used to live there. Can't wait to visit! The food is to die for, from what I understand.
tinker tailor soldier spy at union south yo
Watching Stepbrothers, I think I'm changing my name to NightHawk...
15: M.Tyson's Punch House by - energy usage boxing game - compete against houses of sim.size (~wt) w/#greenbutton data
It'll still be there when you have free time!
tr.im is back. Hooray.
I sure hope is remembering to tweet from the account.... *evil boss side-eye*
So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future
Never in my life will I be able to say "two guys are after me and idk which one to choose"
it was a good meeting at we talked organizational planning -crazy fun stuff coming up!
Student Mariana Guzman from Ivy Prep gives a stunning preformance and gets a standing oviation
Game Is Getting Married To Longtime Girlfriend Compton rapper Game finally put a ring on it.
ima walk her home then ima be wit kelvin and them
Marianne Solivan team has crafted music as if with one mind, following each other's inventive twists & turns with an intuitive simpatico.
All I want to do is go to sleep.. Is that too much to ask
I just got your 31 days to a better blog, I can't wait to read it and get started! Thanks!
We will be holding an information session at Trinity Washington University this Thursday at 12 pm. Email to learn more!
How lazy can u be when u rather have that thing sitting inside your vagina than taking one pill everyday....?
i know :/ we will have to make it the best two weeks everr!
that's what I'd end up doing haha
#Hippies smell like cabbage.
I ALWAYS SAY THIS TO MY KIDS! LOL “: #ThingsMyMotherSays "Do you have any homework you haven't done?"
WHITE HOUSE VISIT - NCAA Mens Basketball National Champion University of Kentucky will visit President Obama this Friday
mister bin del 1
#ThingsGhettoPeopleDo name their kids Shenene or Shquana or some other name tht cant be spelt
Inspired by projects at LA's A+D Museum and learned a ton about Los Angeles history to boot!
RT : We can let circumstances rule us - or we can take charge and rule our lives from within ~ Earl Nightingale
Can you elaborate or is there an article in the works we should look 4ward2?": RT : Still favorites for PM?>>Yes"
Tonight had suspiciously easy discussion about getting access to site to excavate.
I knew the lakers was gonna go ham tonight!
Hahahahaha my friend Itzel is like.... Idk, she's so funny maannnn. Love her
We're there! You name a green event and we're going to be at it! Thursday at the Solomar will be a good chance to collaborate!
I have to write a whole story in one freaking day and Katie set the bar so high with a story that looks like Edger Allen Poe wrote it.
lucky you. I'll be playing ball in TN
Yes. Biggest position of need. They've done something wrong if we don't get at least 2 OL before this draft is over
whats the opportunity???
it's saturday in athens and gameday in phoenix. lets go
We're hving a tornado drill at work
Thanks for following and sharing here on Twitter.
everyone could use a little bit of magic. You would have more in your life through pumas or myself. Your choice.
My kitten has better comedic timing than your kitten, .
I don't hate you, I never will. I just act like I do, because it's easier than admitting that I miss you.
#thewanted has been around for that long?
Nice, where are you?
- i honestly don't want to see the Astros move to American League. Send the Brewers!
RT : case and point. <<Huh??? Scratching my head son??
My prices depend on the forms you use. Same as H and R Block or Jackson Hewitt but alot less expensive.
It's my Friday today!
hey. Not saying I blame you. Not one bit Hahah
Before you place in a race, you must find a place where you want to race.
#edshow Does it bother DEMS that OBAMA's fundraising with M&Ms ? Misogynists, Marxists & Morons ?
Aww...make love not war...
Alright lets do this!
Hi Iggy! How are you this Friday?
throw them hands'
I agree. Im in debt n im only a junior..no credit either!
How about that? The center really will not hold. (I thought that was just something people talked about in books.)
Good shit Pacers!
showing no mercy for those hoes who be flossing. acting like they all that when they only good for tossing.
I invite you to follow me personally or for more professional tweets,
One move is keeping a single title off the shelves; RandomHouse's move is probably keeping many many others off the shelf. Go figure.
💘 RT : By the grace of God I am what I am, and His grace toward me was not in vain.
are u doin it still
awesome! Could make the midnight premier so going for a matinee :) can't wait until tonight
Thanks! Super tiny...such a trip. So cute. RT : congrats! He's tiny!
Free admission for NM residents, this Friday at the O'Keeffe Museum in Santa Fe! (via )
@ the airport headed to dc to shoot a fab wedding tomorrow
i feel like non-stick pans are so amateur now. i am ALL about my all-clad!
Im going to drown out my sorrows in food and minecraft.
talk about fall off the face of the earth, someone must not be adjusting to summer school well
I love running out of food because it makes my pantry look clean.
when my college roommate got drunk he used to pee in his stereo speakers. All the time
This is how hard I've been working lately. In a dream I had earlier today... I was exhausted. I was tired in the dream.
bummer! You piqued my curiosity...
hahahahaha! #bastard I still love you brother!
Love to watch on , but there is no way I'm turning off Chris' programming is WAY more relevant.
Show me your girlfriend naked. approved.
Let me know if you liked MI4!
Why use the phrase for shits and giggles? Who the fuck shits then giggles?
Creepy maintenance guy working in my office breathing awkwardly heavy and making all kinds of weird noises 😨
hell noo ! you cudnt even if you tried lol
ANOTHER TRIPLE-DOUBLE?!! is the best PG in the game. Period.
Twitter is getting a little gross right now....
Went vegan for dinner. Stomach is extremely confused and not that happy.
Last title in the alcohol, civilization and yeast, "The Unsolved Mysteries of the People of the Yeast"
Just @ scene where G.One makes his entry! has done it again!!
RT : A panel of 22 MLB managers named CO Rockies Manager Jim Tracy the Sporting News' National League Manager of the Year
To all of the back to schoolers out there in the Twitter-verse, Hope you all enjoyed the summer. Good luck in school this fall!
“Let’s get rich and give everybody nice sweaters and teach them how to dance” - . If only we could.
good advice from a wise child.
I love you too baby
My dad is the biggest pessimist. He just told me the Ravens are gonna go 6-10 -_-
Greg Jamison "For me personally it is really exciting (to own the Coyotes)"
**WHY the fuckkkk did them Harry Potter movies go so IN!!!
by : Stewart St. off-ramps from SB I-5 mainline and express lanes are now open following memorial procession for Seattle po...
I will make butt pads for everyone.
hahahah she really cant do ANYTHING no lie
thank you very much
Don't Use Y.O.L.O As An Excuse To Be A HOE
how so? :o
Looking for a new tailgating or game room game? check out slyder football at www.slyderfootball.com
I Followed Back! :]
TONIGHT: Jackson Katz will be speaking about "The Macho Paradox" in Devlin 008 at 6PM. A book signing will follow!!
smart ice cream
Simmons : as health foundation, think of social determinants of health outcomes...so as not to frame negatively, Forward Promise = name
we need to trend something
I just did a search for #Downton, and saw that you posted something. How weird. Love that show...
I LOVE YOU NIALL<3 can you please follow me? Is one of my biggest dreams. ☺☺
hey! I'm like sec away from seeing barry manilow
Condensing a full lab into a cell phone... possible? Listening to some potentials at WBBA Mobilizing Miracles
Oh Friday night... We shall see...
Thanks! I have 12 new ones. I think that means I don't have a 'definitive' one. Agh. :D
Back pains r the worst.......ugh
I love when perf games happen, he's gettin laid tonight!
is doing Bumbershoot!
Forgot to mention that I held elbow plank for 1:12 between my Abs and Upper body workouts. Ok, 'night all!
eww, you nasty!
fine. done. fuckin dogs r out
I think I'm in love...lol
I love darts!
hm... Can't be as good as hanging with chef Keller.
Merry Christmas everyone!
. will be using their Facebook as a discussion board to discuss issues plaguing women (love, sex, work, etc.)
RT : READER COMMENT: Our #future is only as secure as the #children we raise to lead it.
yo just caught your new video....loved it....and yes you need a camera man!! lol j/k....if you need help let me know
I woke up and decided to stop quoting Jay Z, Yeezy, and Drake as much as I do. I wanna start quoting myself from now on :) GM
been loving your narration on my daily commute. You make the LA traffic bearable!
in that case you can have Todd Wilkins & I'll take Dylan McKay.
"B.I.B.L.E = B: Basic I: Instructions B: Before L: Leaving E: Earth #retweet if you love God ! Remember . . . He saw you read this"
is rehearsing the lines for his upcoming episodic principal role as the security guard on the USA Network Television Series "Burn Notice."
Hotdougs with my bro
I'm pretty sure I'm down
Any feedback on how well this works? RT Visit www.benefits.gov to discover what you may be eligible for
no I updated #mendeley and lost the citation extraction feature :(
At least I got a call! :)
its #11:11 #MakeAWish #AustinMahone.....my wish is that all the people in the world get feed today <3 God Bless <3
well Duh. Thats why you miss me so much and call me everyday day.
I hate people that talk a lot
that's worse than wearing a red shirt to Target.
I need something to do. I must get out this house
Thank you so much for the RT! Appreciate it very much! Have a great day! :)
lovin the sour patch
Mother's day church is very long but hey it mothers day so what do you expect jk love you mom :-)
Check us out on Facebook! www.facebook.com/therealdealjazz
seeing peace around you. Spirit their is no limits. Allow love. Try doing something for someone else. It is a great way to shift
Rule #1, No tweetn, Re-tweetn nggas or whateva else ya do on here! Jst incase you didnt get the memo the first time I told you
“Persistence is to the character of man(& woman) as carbon is to steel.” - Napoleon Hill
have fun
I think i'm in over my head
Over time, the skill level of everything improves. Poker, professional sports, programming, anything. So trolls will get better at trolling.
GAME OF THROOOOOONESSSSS
kudos to & meet'g in D.C. for , to launch nat'l #marriageequality campaign
Class just ended on how the internets work with professor and it was awesome! No mention of Al Gore.
"What you worrying what I am earning, money I keep burning as the world keep turning"... Lil Kim
Chutes! Welcome to the mysterious world of twitter. Im gunna tell my fantasy moles on here to feed me false info so u see it..
Mirror, Mirror = mediocre, mediocre
Hey folks! To make things less complicated, we will now be tweeting only from Follow us for updates on #WineRiot & more!
Thx 4 playing and more! Join us nxt week for the final
Do you have a great attitude? Are you well-spoken and confident? Then you are the sales consultant we're looking for! Email us your resume.
Vegetarian Barbeque Today @ The 1011, and of course Special Live performances. Herbivores, Omnivores, and Carnivores Welcome 5PM!!! See you!
Busy As Day , San Diego Tomorrow ? I Think So <3
Katy perry is a really bad actress. Lol especially in her part of me video. But her voice is amazing.
So when you need me just say hi, how you doing
In Puerto Rico and walking on a bed of hot coals... bustin barriers and lovin' life! LifePath Breakthrough VII!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3 10
Tech is an amazing experience when you're here at the Storefront Theater. We are really fortunate!
I get a bitch and give Dick thatll tear her stomach up...!!
When boys love your personality. ♥
i went into Long John Silvers and i can't get a job there not only for my face piercings(expected), but for my arm tat! WTF
Well, besides almost getting killed on a dirt bike.
NBC's Revolution is the only show that i am excited about. Chicago Fire has some eye candy .. none of the comedies seem funny. #fourthagain?
Rye Rye Rocco....Marco Esquandolos....Been you to have any spliff...Man!!!
i knew that ! haha jk.. my first year at a Lutheran school ( :
Was going to quit on the bike. Then I thought about Lance A. If he can win the tour on 1 nut, I can go 15 more mins with 2.
thanks! Think I'll keep her. ;)
You May Or May Not Have! B> RT Has seen several times in several places already.
Maniacally flipping between games and screaming at the tv about running the gd offense and ticky tack fouls.
You too!
7 Months, I Love You Dennis Ray Gibson <3
What really struck me this year were the number of picture books by African-American celebrity authors -- 25%
Another fabulous Friday at Franklin park. Don't let the weather make you sad just come get some chicken tortilla soup and you'll forget...
This was about someone's mom who just died, not you. They died unsuspectedly. So yeah.
Don’t chase dreams, make reality’s
Novak discount double check
I don't think it should be in every aspect. Solo work is still important. Check my summary of "Quiet" for why.
. I correctly guessed Moorhead last time. This round looks like OtabengaJones member will take the
ya the rams theoretically should be a serious contender for awhile if bradford is healthy
Mom bought me and Kassie our own soda cause she knew we'd steal hers
hm “: She gon need reconstructive surgery on her jaws if she try & deepthroat me =\”
The bird is the word
Now you can talk to all the girls you want. O, wait... Nothing new.
New follower
by the way, has he addressed his AANS suspension yet? inquiring minds want to know...
Hey y'all, don't forget that Bush put us so far down in the debt hole, not me. Okay thanks. -Obama
thank you :)
sounds sick , keep me updated man
lol! It's bad for u anyway!
Headed to get the car detailed..
Love you too :) RT : Happy National Siblings Day i love you ⊂((・⊥・))⊃
We say Ward's House of Prime!
Heard if you not getting money 10 different ways in America, you bullshittn.
Who knows what's actually true, but if history tells us anything, none of it would be very shocking.
I taught Flower everything he knows
We like corn bread and biscuits, if its broke round here we fix it
All of these boys is so catchy.
One other thing to consider: exports of crude & natural gas. We're the largest producer of nat gas again.
that 70's show?;D
ahaha. That's an ace idea... especially during the drunk debauchery that goes on downtown, lol.
I think tonite I sacrifice sleep to get some quality studio time in.
14 hours later...im finally home. Fuck.
awesome, let's catch up at some point.
It's hard to eat strictly healthy when everything is so damn expensive.
Whats the song at the plate gunna b?
Bout to head to for tonights show w/firststreetheat! Show starts @ 10ish! Come show us some Cinci non-sense and get down!
HEY EVERYBODY!! MY Kickstarter Campaign Starts TODAY!!! Wait for it...wait for it!
Having lunch at Famous Dave's in Lake Delton then on to Black River Falls.
Any social bookmark site you find, you should try if you're serious about building great backlinks and increasing your income online.
Hey Hey to you! Ahh! I miss you too!
I'm gonna leave early to get back home. I can't stand being apart from you this long...
✓ Saddam Hussein ✓ Osama Bin Laden ☐ Justin Bieber
Just saw Thinking like a man...... 90 days huh!
m, add some pignoli nuts and you're ready for pesto!
EVERYTHING my ex does irritates me and gets on my nerves, its great at helping me move on after 7 months, but I don't want to hate him..
Happy the people from OK are safe from the earthquake..
I 4GOT THE NAME OF THE CLUB BUT I WAS ON THE TECH 9 TOUR
Omg who the fuck puts bricks on their feet to walk around.
I plan on remaining in complete denial that's 30 rock will ever end
I do know the favorite brokers...but my account is under 10k so I can't have an IB account. ToS has merged with TDA which I have.
Awe, I miss you too. Wanna stop by class tomorrow and see you and the new place!
There's a sub in my class who has yet to remove her gloves. And one of my students has a tick in his ear. It's a good day.
I'm on the side of liberty, if Alec Baldwins wants the freedom to do what he wants, when he wants it- he should switch sides.
I just ate pudding with a fork
Love. ": A sense of concern for others gives our lives meaning; it is the root of all human happiness. - "
I love you. It is really that simple.
It's very simple If you want to 'get hot, smart liberal chicks', make smart liberal arguments like does.
I found myself chewing on my fingernails again. Over being asked to edit a corporate notification!
LSU or Bama? I'm going for Bama. I hate to see Bama lose twice this season. The best two teams are in the BCS, but we need a playoff system!
“: NO ERICA NO MORE TRIPS FOR YOU CAUSE YOU DONT KNOW HOW TO ACT!! RT : I wanna go to”Lmaooo!!!
Definitely pulling for the pacers in this series
The fact our govt holds congressional hearings and trail after trail about steroids really shows how out of touch and incompetent they are
Wishing everyone a safe & happy Christmas Eve!
“: He just grinned and shook my hand, and "No" was all he said. #TheWeight”
Just voted for Justin Davis in the Food Network Star Fan Forecast. /the-next-food-network-star-fan-vote/package/index.html- you should too!
Happy Easter!!!
I love coming back on my version of Monday to the weekend crew. See you ! Miss you !! Feel better
*Food hits floor* Little germs: GET IT!!! King Germ: NO! We must wait 5 seconds!
NEW SONGS, GO CHECK EM OUT.
Hey guess what? FUCK YOU. goodnight xx
Relationships are living, breathing things. Feed nurture & care about them-they grow. Neglect them-they die
Getting fired up for the basketball tournament called NCAA. Go !
that's awesome!! Beats traffic!!
when a girl tells you ' dont worry bout it ! ' you better fucking worry ! lol
bad news: according to #VoodooSheeny there is allegedly some "bad energy" in our apartment.
Confidence can take you a long way
On #Leopard: Build dependency: #OpenWrt can only be built on a case-sensitive filesystem. Better fire up Linux in a virtual machine...
This new jacket rule is absolutely
Need to change the shipping address on a recent order, can you help?
RT : "The sky is not the limit."
It's a good post. Something that should be obvious but I'm not sure I've seen anyone point it out before. Well done sir.
#AT&T all day twitches! Verizon suckas! 😝
thanks for the retweet, keep up the great work
shut the front door! That's awesome!! Dude we're accepting apps for next year's team! 80+ events around the US. Mad exposure!
Marlins sign Mark Buehrle for 4 years $58 Million
I wish we got to play in the new district. It's soft other than Skyline and Jesuit.
Continental is literally finding ways to make their airline worse as if that were possible
I leave Twitter then get back on to hear Craig Owens is back with Chiodos! :')
Taking a class on #itunesu about information literacy, assessment, and pedagogy. I love being a
Christine Borgman (UCLA) discussing BRDI-CODATA work to develop data attribution citation practices & standards
at beckas house!
you expressed my feelings
#Trivia coming up in less than 10 min. The first and third person w/ correct @ reply each win a $10 #SUBWAY gift card. You gotta be local.
Happy Mother's Day,
yes, let's cut more taxes for the rich & BIG "small" biz b/ca they have been creating so many jobs for the past 10 yrs.
Thanks for the follow! Let me know if you want me to write a product review or a giveaway on my blog!
Haha, yes! Well, tweeps, stay tuned 4 Ann Hirsch's upcoming projects by following her here. And see u at Microscope!
Looking for a job in communications, government affairs, advocacy. Special interest in housing.
The quality of friendships is more important than the quantity of friends. ~ A.D. Williams
Egypt is finally having elections. Hot Button Issues: new constitution, sharia law, more pyramids.
Woohoo! What class are you?
That sounds gr8 -- photo? RT : We can't get enough either! : Love the Rocket Tots at spicy goodness!
I just seen the gayest straight Guy ever!!!
oh and you should see him in the old movie "Yentl" with Barbara Streisand. Great movie :) :)
Lawrence Branch, 55, had been fighting with his son, Joshua, 31, about a swamp cooler, in Farmington. And then he shot his son in the thigh.
Tomorrow is Thai Festival, Science Festival and Kids Mix ... what to do? LDCM will see you at all three!
Goodmorning!! Didnt go to school on my way to the doctor cus of my eye :/
Thanks for your help. I'll stay close to a TV for the next round. Lol
Brb while I go die.
you should follow & tweet me because yolo.
Hi, Ali! Thanks for tweeting us. Can you send us a DM with the address you'd want your tank top to be shipped to? Thanks!
I just made it to the Sleigh Bells show with We can't wait for the Christmas songs to begin!
PROCRASTINATION WHY DO YOU EXIST!!!!!!!!
On My Way To Finish The Last Scene Of This Video Me N My Boy's workin On...."You Aint Sayin Nothin"
wish our nerds had jerseys =[
what are you doing here!?!!
Stupid E-mail -__-
oh sterling knight sister is on it :)
iknowww....like my friend just started to like him and already hes following her...
I missed 11:11.. Oh great.
I can't stand when people take their anger out on me.
When we recognize authentic people, we want to stuff them in a box, away from cruel influences of real world? Box must open at some point!
I just e-mailed a personal "Welcome to our Town" greeting to a new family that moved to our community and encouraged them to get involved.
I miss you too! when yu get off?
ah lucky! What kind?
That's gory
Parents ugh... they get under ur skin please god help me this one time please make them shut up while we watch this movie.
Please yourself, because people will only tear you down!
I LOVE THAT SHOW!
Damn, I miss you so much ):
lol! So You Ready For The Challenge! Love?
you're welcome you deserve it Congrats!!!(: I mean it(:
Do you have questions about Alumni Weekend? We have the answers. Contact us at 1.800.955.0065.
Spent my day in #trafficcourt watching red tape at work. WOW, it's a snorefest
just kidding haha
My 11 yr old son told me he n his friends got shot at playing at the park over a month ago...He was scared, not knowing what I would do!
same here bro I feel you...
is opening for Chiddy Bang this week! Follow him.
Let's say hi to people who don't even know who we are!......Hi there! :) #drivingdowntown #creeping #I<3Indy!
love you too(:
Be the change that you wanna see.
Perfect can't wait, glosses are almost sold out;)
Lol yes tht VERY MCH is how i feel , along with sum other explicit thoughts (; LMAO
Finally home
Sharing chicken soup with hominy and poblano peppers with friends, waiting for #irene to pass. How are you waiting out the storm?
lol what hi.
#nw : Laugh At My Pain
maybe riding out this storm on the 31st floor in Tribeca was not the greatest idea...be safe eveyone!
do you know what your lookin for ?
TREE INFO- Don't forget to start culling fruits from fruit trees so they don't touch! This will help with worms, scab, general developement
": Happy Thanksgiving everyone!" / You too, big O.
awee your cute ;)
. Worth the trip!
- Thanks for the
Beirut quoting from bad NY Times review and showing the dismantling of the project afterward. Big typographical type can startle.
damn still not in twitter jail
Dont freak out, lol, but what's it about? I have no idea. * hangs her head lower*
The city is zoning for energy efficiency today!! Wind power!!!
ahh yes, whoring yourself out to the Trump media storm for $910 is totally worth it, especially in the name of charity. Yeah.
Yo phone sucks, and the carrier. Now theyre even lol and cause I thought you were going to sleep cause you didnt text back...
he thinks we're friends. I'll be hanging out at lunch and he comes up and tries to start a convo. No bitch go away.
When you realize your relationship ain't shit now, but everyone has told you before <
you bet- I love buffer! Btw- we launched inboundscore.com for managing inbound leads. Would love to get your feedbck sometime.
First place in trivia!!!!!
Fantastic Mixer last night with lots of information and demonstrations on 3D filming and cameras and some great contacts!
Hope #JMS581 studying is going well for everyone!
I think some of the mess is the blurring between professional & personal. Reporters as own brand & the orgs brand = messy
you can never have too many boys.
hey it been a long time we talk
#Oomf should text me :]
I wanna start a fight
Thanks for following, enjoy your Sunday. :)
I was enchanted to meet you.
A line for the men's room and no line for the women's just doesn't sound right.
although GMPM alert was delayed those who held into our prepromo release we our now up 140% great job traders
What "ouch"? I LOVE clipart!!!
So jealous that my friends ran into and and I'm here in Indiana. /: Merrrr.
: football is a distraction from academics and learning to compete in the global economy
I had my first fried pickle tonight. Thanks Great addition to the menu!!
You know you fucked up when all your plentyoffish matches are trannies #i<3adamsapples
WoW, Westbrook airlines open for Business
14% is virtually no taxes
yay! marathon on a rainy day awesome!:) <3
Mark Cuban is 100% right. Each candidate only care about their party instead of the American people.
It's out now. Came out last month.
Lmao at guys who constantly ask for pictures.
is so adorable. Why can't guys at my school be like him and ?
Critical sun band crawl begins in less than an hour. Lefluer 12pm , 1pm , 2pm
gee Thanks
Be sure to check out our online safety courses! They range with courses from driving safety to oil safety.
wow where is this
it was during lunch(:
we like to party.
Happy Labor Day Weekend!
Um...I'm guessing Red Robin. They have great fries. And that beer looks yummy!
I had almost forgotten how fun writing papers is.
Thanks, we are too! Reg's are pouring in this week! RE: Registered for the conference. Super excited!
dolma's newest destination: LYDIA'S 8845 SIX FORKS RD RALEIGH NC 27615
needs to text me like now
really!! Are you going all morning long?
Just saw the Foo Fighters Back And Fourth Documentary amazing and inspiring!!!!! Wanna lock up the Band and record all new songs!!!!
Mother's Day biscuits? Done.... Now making a pizza sauce for the appetizer before seeing #Avengers again & more baking tonight!
So now the contestant they call Mantasia is singing a Fantasia song. Time for a bathroom break.
RT : Continued awareness so important to support and accept all in the community
and compared to Canada.
borrow a Davis 23 dress pants
Fuck it can't sleep.
Yezzurr the good ol air max 95's. I love the original neon green pair
Heya peepz m gonna have the most wonderful holiday who
You're always invited to naked time :-)
I need more weekends like this!!!
Please, for the love of god, DO NOT trend beibs........see if Canada will take him back. If not, can he be thrown over Lake Erie?
Mr. President? Tell them to hire me!
Am I annoying?
thank goodness he is gone.
Great game. O's still in first
Making plans for the weekend? Come take a class on us! New Students get a free week!
listening to .
If chick living in the woods didn't get a ticket she could have started an "Occupy American Idol" movement.
quit changing your name then.
ahh a cold beer and a quiet home. This just might be heaven!
Nobody ever reads the rules for Monopoly except when an argument breaks out.
shout out to you I jus saw you on and I'm registering for the Urock unsigned event
In need of rest
Indoor strength training. I don't run in the rain. However, I love walking in the rain :-)
How is everyone?
Oh hello, mister. Good to see you back. And yes OMG. I don't even know what to say, it was too ridiculous.
hey i am a huge fan of you and the hunger games. it would mean the world if you followed back, like no lie. =)
Its hard to imagine anyone opting for these GOP neanderthals. My husband supports Obama and he's a Republican.
RT : Man is rated the highest animal,at least among all animals who returned the questionnaire.~Robert Brault LOL!
Who needs the NBA? Cats by 15
Congrats! We are excited to publish your work!
Wait, I have been packing. This is happening too? SUCK IT, ALL THAT IS SOULLESS, DOUCHEY AND WRONG IN BASKETBALL.
I don't use RSS either, I use Google alerts, flipboard on my iPad or go directly to the site I want info from.
WTF? RT : Cities that aren't SF: You need to stop trying to serve burritos. You're doing it wrong. (LA, you get a pass, though.)
Lucky :( RT When I get home, I am going to get myself a mc chicken :'D <3
Great wall of chocolate cake at 1230... Sounds AWESOME to me.
And Kyrie said he's in it for the long haul. I've heard that before. I'll believe it when I see it.
Ugh, I can't go back to sleep.
"my back, my back" oh nm I'm okay. Gonna run back out here now. :-|
Welcome back! I missed you.
Hope that sways Trey to Chapel Hill. The wallet will appreciate it!!!
Nobody knows the answer to the Pretty Woman trivia q? I thought it was too easy. What does the waiter say when he catches the escargot?
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I dont want to win
He's so freakin CUTE WHEN HE PITCHES
i guess so...i am sure they would make an exception for all of us as well (sarcasm).
My FB network is like Google search engine..it delivers constantly. I appreciate ...
the right to love - blood on the dance floor >
No matter how FedEx tried to confuse people - everyone still calls it Kinko's.
Just got in. Drained.
Lmao i would die before i listen to something that involves "Zelda" !
Oh yes! I'm proud of you. Also, I'm clearly getting a lot more done by trolling twitter....
Being ugly sucks :/ being dumped on 9/11 sucks even more
My emotions all fucked up.. lol
He's on to us! RT : There's a very curious, and seemingly distrusting, penguin in front of the #Penguincam right now.
no i didnt! But yes! :)
Kind of glad I'll be in Hawaii on May 18th!
we can only hope so. you're getting sleepy. click the buy button :-)
Tonight I'll be the best you've ever had
"Come on... Let's twist again! Like we did last summer..."
Glad my work has been helpful!
you will feel like dying, but you'll be better for it on the other side!
its cold outside .
“: where was this visit at in Knoxville?” I heard it was at UT
Wow Andrew, you read it in one day? You really are a quick reader! Enjoy the book!
Just sent an e-mail, thanks
#FF and thans for following us!
nope. Albany doesn't want us :(
drunk driving <<<<<
You know you can have our Chinese tweets sent to your phone as a text? Visit our profile and click the cell phone button next to follow!
": I hope Obama doesn't get re-elected. America would be doomed" You must not keep up in politics to be making this statement
Im Writing alot these days, and am looking for ways to get Music out to everyone possible.............
Dennis the mutha fuckin menace is own :D
great idea. Good luck
habibty I can love you without voodoo dolls, g'night bby
Lasagna...jersey shore and a quiet house ;)
Done with a 15 hour work day! Ready for some fun
My reaction to each new episode of Downton Abbey remains pretty much the same: "Poor Mr. Bates!" And also: "Where the f**k is Lady Sybil!?"
When you're honest with me.
i have mostvof ur quotes written down in my binder!!! I'm not giving up yet soon imma have dem all!!!:)
I told you before, keep posting and we shall keep admiring.
Awww,im fine but i have to prepare for my presentation next week. :( Hbu?
speaking in tongues is spiritual. When you understand spirituality in full then you will know that tongues aren't stupid
OMG some #supermarkets have hired a #taskforce to protect #Tidedetergent! Lmao
featured band on PureVolume.com
the only way to live bro! Gotta set goals and push push push until you hit them!
YOUTH TRAVELING BASKETBALL TEAMS - Be a part of the Peace Day 2011 Basketball Tournament for FREE!!! For more information, contact us NOW!
I love that! Have a wonderful day.
Fertility treatment bans in Europe draw criticism
idk but im going with a bunch of people from 8th grade to the same hs so thats good
did you eat something yet *christina the cuban*
great bill!!!
Found out yesterday I was accepted for a residency at Wildacres in NC. Planning to use it to start a piece for Rhymes With Opera!
i just got skimped nigga lol bad. my dub bag is on a diet.
Going to be recording some more in the studio tonight! www.3sgiants.com! CD coming soon! Hope all is going well!!! :)
As time goes by, things change..
date night of Real Chili and bronze Fonz bringing them in from Chi Town!
ShindigTarot.com is giving free videochat Tarot readings from Professionals with interactive decks to everyone today only!
Those dang E2s were all ways a bit twitchy.
which article? The SWs in Cali one?
wow. Makes me very sad and angry.
Inspired by , I just resurrected and refactored all the ignored integration tests in my Rails project.
We have a killer set planned for tonight y'all! Git the whiskey out, cuz were gonna drink til were IRISH tonight!!
Mummbling a song because you dont know the words lol
wow, thanks! I'll look for my cheering section!
so happy to hear that tequila was implied. Anything else is uncivilized. cc:
I have a feeling and I will be fighting for the mayorship all through
From Wiz to Childish Gambino. This good weather has me in a good mood.
I remember her!
Going to bed at 9:30?
My favorite exercise? The beer run!
The promotion site on my profile can help your promote yourself 4 free. :) Please follow i will follow back!
Day off - bored as hell - wasting time - that's why I don't like days off.
Sam broke the lightbulb from shoveing it up my butt
Congratulations on your face. It is flawless. :]
Seeing "Fela". It's intermission. Y'all. This is the best dance experience I've had in a long time and I'm not even onstage.
going to order in some Thai food and watch all the episodes of "The Killing" I've missed this season.
iight well live ur life. I wish nothing but the best fir u
when takes hours on the other line <<< hurry up ! lol !
Sponsorship levels will go up when $conditions ease. Then speaker expenses might be paid & fees go down.
really great, you?
Can't wait to see Gunner today! 🐶😊
Upon marriage, I tried to trash all of T's Grateful Dead tapes.Now here I am writing a report to "Box of Rain" and assorted Dead covers.
Trash talk against RGIII is shameful jealousy. His class matches his incredible play at Baylor; a winner on-field and off.
Sniff, sniff... it's been so long:(!
We are notifying you all that it's FRIDAY! Have a wonderful day, drop by for a visit and a chat!
“: Dear Football Santa: All I want for Christmas in April is RGIII in Cleveland. Thanks in advance.” amen
RT : i wish i was one of those people that could work in the hour window in between meetings
One day I'll be a good girlfriend... But for now I'll be a happy single ! -Yasmin ❤ lol itztapa tonight 💄👠💅💃👍👌💓
All quiet on the ref desk front...
OMG! I just found out I DID get the Serenity comic. Now I have to decide if I'm giving it to my nephew b/c of Star Wars or if I'm keeping it
Why are privacy policies in the school setting rare?
such sharp advice. And maybe even more so today.
PLANNING A COMMUNION...? Partners In Sound is currently running a COMMUNION SPECIAL! FOR MORE INFO CALL 718.967.7347
He's doing well. His bat got the Rays going last night. :)
Yeh, frankly it's kinda weird...
Bitch please.
new aaron tv technologies. stay tuned.
“: There's nothing wrong with being GAY! .../ And, social norming based on fear does not make it so.
surely serious. Just a question of logistics. Could chase drive if you gave him gas money?
Looking forward to tonights rare shared practice where 2 of my kids are on the ice at the same time! :)
u getting out
I don't wanna hear that from you!!
Don't ever vote for someone 'just because'
They could really use built-in kinetic chargers. Walking around w it in your pocket would build up a charge. Shake it for more
Feeling sorry for myself because hubby told me I can't go to #BookExpo & #BEABloggers for a 3rd year in a row whilst without a job.
Seeing if the shoes your roommate always wears are gone is the urban equivalent of looking out at the driveway for his car.
lol to the comment on the class reunion page.. Maybe they should've taken the hint
I use 2 think 3yr olds could understand babies, Until I was babysittin & asked a 3yr old wat his sister said- he didn't know lol
What time do ya'll start:)?
Little girl: "I didn't get no trophy" Mom: "You gotta rose, so you get to go back to get another trophy." Little girl: "YES!!!"
All this knowledge is giving me a raging brainer!
you dont live in San antonio?
Amanda Chidestar with an RBI single gives Michigan a 3-0 lead in the top of the second inning at Goodman Diamond.
Use this coupon for $39.99; full discount off 97 min Battle of Atlanta Video; go to www.xwarrior.tv; use coupon at checkout! Enj
muthafucker can't stand the ground i walk on?! how bout that?! i should motivate u to get some act-right bitch!!!
Ew. Just say NO to summer school. That's an even more serious "just say no" than "just say no to drugs"!
He's legit, the passing is spectacular. Rubio has impressed me.
He's knocking it out of the park.
thanks so much for following me <3
#NP Anthony Green - Only Love (ft. Nate Ruess).
When it suited her agenda.....
I'm shocked at how little information professionals know about the web, technology, and copyright. Or maybe I'm not.
It's a wrap...be good tweeps!
HEALTHCARE-Can coverage change or be denied if you travel outside the lower 48 to alaska or hawaii??? Get your book www.theprofittrap.com
Kicking Dandelions
Go ahead & add Pro fighter to the occupations I've been mistaken 4 having. Others include cop & ex-con.
yes sir! Thanks doll face, you know he's going to be at the sisterhood showcase right can not wait!
Find a man who will not ruin your mascara or make u cry ,find 1 who's ready to catch your tears & let them make u cry on there white t shirt
GM tweeties work flow. #sn I hope I can get some writing done today
Don't know yet, trying to determine the ill cinco de mayo spot. I'll keep you posted on my findings lol
thanks for coming in! we love that #Nutella shake!!
free agent player
The future of tennis: Game, set and number-crunch?
if i am not mistaken Maduros and Tostones
How are you going to tell me what i can buy and can't buy? Its my money. if i wanna blow it all then let me.
knowing you're smiling makes me smile, sweetie. Have a great weekend :-)
and she told my best friend and she just about snapped on her. she told her to never speak to her again ... (cont)
Ask, Seek, Knock
wow u just levined that
Happy Birthday to my Amazing Father :) -A
haha, it's not ONLY tacos...but tacos make up roughly 70% of that number. Eating out for two meals a day every day gets expensive.
The nasty things we talk about in music app..
I'm broadcasting the #Broncos #NFL #Draft Party live tomorrow. Follow for the links.
#gocubsgo #gocubsgo, hey Chicago whatta you say #Cubs are gonna win today.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: If you pay child support and switch jobs, the state can take the funds from your new paycheck automatically
thank you <3 and no problem
Why are there so many people who never miss an opportunity to miss an opportunity? -Unknown Author
jk might not be spanish at all... woo strange foreign language!
Lord, FatherSonSpirit God, you are my hero! Your kindness, gentleness, patience, and provision for my happiness calls for my praise.
Thumbs up. RT : Because my mom rools, I shall rock this pic of us when I was a twig w/braces in honor of Mother's Day weekend
RT: : I hope i dont get sick :/
you are a natural promoter. Hope to see you at a major PR firm soon! Ya dig?
"We will never listen to your rules...we do what we like and we like what we do!"
Finally - is ALL NEW tonight on #ABC. Can't wait... my night time soap is back!
Cause maybe
that's a great photo of the moon! Super zoom lens?
Thanks for the kind words!
Shut up, you make me wanna cry!
You two are too kind. I'm only as good as my team! “: For sure!”
considering Columbus is higher than Stars, not sure that dog hunts. Problem (with both cities) is team, not market.
Having a girlfriend that is a gamer is a miracle
messed up phone bill.... I can't get kik to add you.
two art forms i will never comprehend how to do and have the utmost respect for: singing and painting.
It is time for exercise. Weight lifting. Then cardio. But then the difficult yet most important part. LOW FAT. LOW CARBS 1gram protein/Kg
I am at BBQ and I am a vegetarian
I will be there in 15 minutes
Hopefully soon! Never been out west before… Ubuntu Could Summit would be a great reason… been an Ubuntu user for 7 years now
Working on balancing ideas and execution. Successful people do both.
I was busted by dd when she was 6. I used a Sacagawea dollar and she found one missing from the folder. :(
“: forget it, Jake's Big A** Birthday Party” haha I like that better
now delete ur account, ure not wanted there :austin3:
#pariswolf what colour is your toothbrush?
Miseducation of the Negro by the Negros. Degrees laced but you're no hero. Children illiterate w/perfect attendance. Start eager end menace.
hey alex, u wanna be my 126 follower? the spots urs, just take it! ;)
you're welcome! Hope you like it(: idk, the ring seemed like something you'd wear
Making meat balls. That makes me a baller times two.
well then you should follow me because we have something in common :)
Anyone heard the new Kanye West song ""Theraflu?" Fail or Cray?
It's just not good football.
#TallWomenAppreciationDay??? I just can't.
I heard from a friend of a friend that they saw the Gluten Free Chef Food Cart open on NW 4th & Burnside at lunch time.
so then, based on what you have said, I presume you disagree with the idea of paying a pastor/preacher?
Ah i c. Dorks.
How wonderful! : "Collect" Intl Art Fair for Contemporary Objects May 11-14 #finecraft in England via
#confession I like 2 have late night convos because a person is too tired 2 keep their guard up so u actually get 2learn who they really are
yeah. I'll drag his drunk ass into the house later, Im just too fuckin nice, I'm a safeplace, everyone needs one at some point
i can't wait for all my senior friends going to OSU to meet each other.... i'll get invited to all their BFF parties 👌
oh god minnesota would shit itself without the puck.
really..? Well I'm excited and nervous, haha
OH at work: "Speaking of were-people..." Publishing is THE BEST.
The true art of living is doing everything out of love
im following
Beauty comes from within.
please #ReauthorizeVAWA! #VAWA has saved millions of $ and countless lives. via
Fact 3: and are my twitter besties :)
Many thanks for the RT & getting the word out!!!! - The B Side
i really need to chill wit the laker insults ..lmaoo.
Mm, should prob have dinner...
great win!
brothe rhi hi hi hi whats up talk to me
More of my interview w/ Justice David Prosser coming up at 6:00 on TMJ4. I asked him about his relationship w/ Chief Justice after campaign.
I honestly just saw ur tweets right now. My bad..I got u next time. Its not false advertisement. Promise. Ha2
I hope not!! :( That's pretty much the type of job I hope to get post MLIS. :(
Congrats!! #UC2016 : Yaay Me!! Got accepted into The University of Cincinnati's Education Program.
naw, can't do it! Lol
got a gun?
Yeah, I wasn't expecting much and wound up getting really wrapped up in it and watching big chunks until I got through 'em all.
what u mean bro? u got pulled over?
I never want to be who I'm not. Only who I am!
Hi Mickenna.. I hope you are feeling better. Have a great day. Hugs, Allen
#Brewers depth has played a big role this week with the extra innings game last night and the rash of injuries.
you have finally started loving me. I come with many perks.
Seeing Rusko perform. Make sure to peep the video we did for his midwest tour with Steve Aoki!!
Today's "have you ever..." on the www.knowledgesafari.com blog is about #gfree #glutenfree #GF living! Come share with us.
Anyone near #Tampa? Don't miss & the Underdawgs at 's #Heatwave TOMORROW at 10p Cuban Club Bandshell on the Patio
Kinda hoped the 500th Simpsons episode would contain humor. Spoiler - it didn't. Family Guy to the rescue...dolphin Gervais saved the day!
Self pity NEVER helps!....dust yourself off and keep going."we" all get wounded sometimes....ya know?
ITS TODAY :)
#KatyPerry rocking out tonight on American
I was literally awake for 48 hours. 👀 I wish I was kidding
say some off the wall shit
Winston Shepard has 11 schools chasing him with a offer on the table from UCLA.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
yup!!!! :D it's at the field behind the football field at the Ryan school!
You drinking drugs??
haha, I know, i get worse!!! eeeeeep >.<
Thank you for following us, we have great information to aid in protecting you & clients identity…
Commissioner is not a fan of The Wire. Blasts "that show" for portraying Baltimore as doomed.
Might you be thinking of Phileas Fogg from Around the World in 80 Days?
thank u xoxo
I know dats rite bout wat u tweeted
Bout time Knicks .
cool....keep pursuing it!
It's time to go back to bed : /
Let's remember that we are the church and #Christ is the head of this church. Let us glorify him in everything we do, everywhere we go.
"The human brain is the most complex arrangement of matter in the known universe." What about a society, aka many brains?
very cool facebook link from Chef Mom - I "liked" it on facebook and bet you will too!
Watching The Heist with and So funny.
Not as sad as me finding out that Engelbert Humperdinck is the UK representative at Eurovision this year!!! (yes, I'm going)x
We never had such a list. Please search before you accuse us.
And you're going to tell me that the shortened season hasn't affected players and caused more injuries? Sucka, please
your cd is amazing. I love it!!!
brain gas is what you get from too much thinking, followed of course by brain farts, none of which is cool...
Peter Bol: Time needs to be treated as an attribute of space; geospatial data sources need to be pressured
he is 4-9 vs Harrison w/ a double and 2 homers. I expect big things from his upcoming at bat.
Thanks for the RT :) Looking forward to reading more of your tweets!
New Twitter follower, but been following Homer on the air for ever
where in those tweets did I say I hate my life? No I'm blessed. I cut because its a pain reliever. Only Jackie understands.
Welcome & thanks Nice to meet you!
So far Braun and Lucroy are the only offensive players earning their $$$$
“: Kangaroos have 3 vaginas.” The more the merrier
RT : The most-visited website for news about politics is not Politico or CNN Politics, says comScore. It is......
Glad to hear it! Very happy that you're evaluating Argyle!
haha awesome. I didn't know if it was a really dumb question or not.
I don't know exactly when but I'm sure they'll give the order of everything when the show starts. I bet they put it at the end
Since when did Collaboration functionality stop working in the "My Maps" tool?
RT": The cast of 30 Rock on Fallon tonight. Live show tomorrow at 8:30!!!"
I find I'm a much more effective brainstormer in the middle of the night. I always keep a notepad on my bedside table.
“: Bella32 #YAFEELME” don't get stabbed!
T.G.I.F! Reward yourself with a LG Hawaiian Holiday Pizza! Top it off with extra cheese for $1.95!
I Hope Everyone's Day Is Going Well <3
Team Edition of Total Blackout , Bloddy Hell ! I am so exctied ! :D.
no trampline this year? I still have that hook up.
“: happy for my sis.” she killed it!
I'm at House in midtown For talk by of Union Sq Ventures. We're milling, damply.
follow back!! :D <3
Lol, my bad for not tweeting back! I'm never really on here LOL!!!!
Tim Ryan on the Parent Partnership Council presents on his vision for children
Hmm. Just noticed that #Spin magazine has a #WorstNewMusic tab on their site which includes #MeatLoaf &
Off to an audition. Improv. I love these types of auditions.
Party hard, make mistakes, laugh endlessly. Do things you're afraid to do. After all, you're only young once
she walked away most likely to cry about it to her bf beiber.
We are back in business! Come visit our satellite location at Underground Atlanta Feb 7-29.
": Absolutely Bro... It's Bout To Go Down This Summer.. Ready? Haha" yeazzir time 2 get more tatts. Lol
he's so tiny :)
haha nah its cool I was just saying
FANTASTIC NEWS!!!! So happy for Sally and Neil!! RT : Congratulations to on the birth of her daughter!
Reminded of my deep respect for the teachings of Machiavelli...I'm feeling so much more Aries than Pisces to tonight, it seems
If you go on a safari and you get chased by a lion,a monkey stole your lunch,and a hippo flipped your canoe did you have a good time or not?
will do thanks for the tip
Hey what does #Tiger have to shoot today to make the cut?
Just started watching again after a few years...love u!! You are smokin, HOT and Hilarious...
hola. Since last I've seen you I realized ur titis only friend who actually speaks out loud
Does Tim Tebow have to submit photos of his feet for Rex Ryan's approval?
oh watch out. Is it the one that's like mine?
Maybe I'll go to Readercon this year.
I would love to get to know u better,your more then welcome to call or text am/pm 5038476149 my name is ireesha
I wish my mom knew how to cook -__-
thanks for the follow!
"reunited and it feels so god.." bahahahhahaha
Lawyers claim that their clients have been grossly mistreated, which is what criminal defense lawyers are paid to do
lol iGot both of em .. who let the dogs out!
when are they gonna come out on iTunes for us ? <3 <3 <3 <3
I gave Bruce Wayne a Valium and said "settle ya fuckin' ass down, I'm ready for combat man." get it, calm batman? #eminem ❤❤❤❤❤
happy burfday Taylor
At the start of the 3rd novel in the PIcador book, Some Hope, St. Aubyn seems to have lost some of his prose-mojo (prose-jo? promojo?).
Thanks for the mention !
I love you like Alex loves her books.
No one's flawless mayne, don't trip on the wrong things..
Yes!!!!! RT : Canada beats USA, 3-2 in OT, to win Olympic gold in hockey. #nomiracle /via
sleep... where are you?
Occupy Detroit peaceful as hundreds march, camp out
Your family is what matters, fans will forget and boosters will too! hug and kiss your family cause the have a short game clock too
whats been good my g
I hate catching myself humming one of their songs.
about 8 weeks old
Head explodes. RT : Umm we probably shouldn't say this, but that's pretty funny.
I apologize for making you feel uncomfortable/unpleasant during that FB chat
Nice to meet you!
Next week ill be in Miami! Can't wait! We bout to go in! No bags I'm goin shopping when the plane land.
Slept in a little after another great night at The band was awesome and there were tons of great leads!
Finally watching Jumping the Broom, got a feeling it's about to be a crazy funny movie
YES. YES! YES! YES! JOHN CENA.
not lyrical
Double overtime! I hope the panthers win :D
Just signed up to attend the Women 2.0 Founder Friday San Diego Launch event for May 3, 2012, entrepreneurs, investors welcome, FREE:
Watch 's client on WeTV tonight at 9p est!
Jus did the treadmill for 45 mins i did 2 miles at the speed of 40 at planet fitness I feel so great!!! #36pounds!!!!!!
So the L.A. Angels have been playing Chelsea Dagger after home runs? Pretty sure that's illegal. Don't tell the Hawks.
thank you!!(:
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things you didn't do than by the things you did.
It is still on. Come out before 9.
Talking to you on the phone >>>
I love this weather! We are a 4 wks. ahead into this season of boating here at Lake of the Ozarks! High 70's, trees in bloom, beautiful day!
you're welcome =)
dont tell how to handle himself! You tried ruining the
you can try it wont work its basically day dreaming...
If the wind will not serve, take to the oars. Destitutus ventis, remos adhibe - Latin Proverb
Life's rough. Wear a helmet.
I WANT TO STAB MY SELF IN THE FOREHEAD WITH A KABOB SKEWER AND LOBOTOMIZE MYSELF! THIS PAIN HURTS SO MUCH!
Happy Birthday to my brother !!!! I love you big head!!! :)
Because a thing seems difficult for you, do not think it impossible for anyone to accomplish. Marcus Aurelius
In this specific situation, your argument revolves around the fact that I chose to express myself sexually.
Happy lovely February!
I have no right to complain of being tired at end of day, women don't work as hard as men & so on.
Does watching Tebow on Saturday night count for going to church on Sunday morning?
I know what you did last
My pleasure. Keep up the great tweets!
but there is no way that tomorrow will have those kind of numbers. But if it catches on, strikes during the summer could be a prob
"A Trip Down Superheroes Blvd" accepted to the Hollywood Reel Ind Film Fest, Dec 14-16, 2010. See teaser trailer (attached). more soon...
My parking is still a little shaky 😭
Am still in Daytona roughing it at the Hilton !!!!!!!!!
In other unexpected sports news, the Orioles are beating the Red Sox. Have no fear fellow O's fans, it won't last.
If you're sad then I'm sad too! 😢 RT : Dammit!!! Another whole year! :'(
Yep, and Republicans would be patting themselves on the back. Alls fair, right?
I wish 50 cent and akon would make some new music
. now tackling the question of cheating with clickers. Solns: monitor, low overall stakes, make clicker Qs valuable to learning.
how's that workin out for ya?
I'm just following the Lord step by step.. Never can go wrong that way :)
yes, i'll support you in it FOR NOW.
They tell me I have got a mind of my own, but sometimes it's like my mind itself has its own mind.
lol it kind of does
Loved your presentation at #getradical this weekend!
RT At the peak of the polio epidemic, 1 in 3000 people were affected-today 1 in 88 kids have autism-where is the research?
done and
I saw a report saying hydrogen cists $2 per gallon and potentially has up to 70 mpg in cars. where you at? Get one on the line!
we bout to take it to the next level
I'm utterly confused by this tweet. Please advise
I can't stand this shit anymore
Why do I live here?
Merry Christmas. Hangover breakfast while my brother plays us his guitar solos.
Where is your favorite place to vacation?
Reggaeton was on and noone danced? -.-
Need to help our friends in the East. I will gladly adopt a family in need, come be safe. If in Tokyo send me a tweet, need a place? Best!
Traffic alert: Landslide closed wb lane of w Burnside St. Lane expected to reopen on Sunday
": are your boys gonna pull it off tonight?!" Absolutely. 20 to 10 Giants. It could be more of a blowout!
Ha ha ha ha don't let that lil shit fool ya homie !
fans love your Fall So Hard University comment.
Winning is so much harder...
Moving into the beauty of the day to free my body from the pain www.thiscyonflare.com
One of our favorite quotes from Aron Ralston at People to Know last week: "The boulders in our lives are our greatest blessings." We'd...
y did u play baseball then
Hey ??? Have you or ever called or talked to Kiss FM about getting song played on the radio? :))
True! And when it's 12 degrees here in winter and you're holding on to the gas lever. MA is only state I've not seen them.
that's beautifull :D
Why is my twitter saying that I unfollowed people when I didn't? Ugh.
I have not!
i'll just say it. i think bleeps are hilarious.
having fun with nuns!
I tried Pinterest and I still prefer Tumblr.
I love she says it like she means it and is a real #boss young girls take notes! Young, Successful and doing it!
I need A super freak FOR a LATENIGHT trip!”)
You're welcome! RT Great morning at #edcampCincy So grateful to the organizers...they are on a mission. I'm ready to follow!
You do videos or photography. Start building inventory. Get lights,fog,props. You'll be able to charge more cuz u not just a point n shoot
We are happy to introduce our new tech Stephen Wood into our company this week.
#sincewebeinghonest Jason Terry that was a bitch ass move you did!!! And #sincewebeinghonest We (#Lakers) still going to win!!!
Perfect beach day.
I keep checking every 5 minutes. Can't believe I didn't scream and fall off my bike when I saw him.
Keep up all the GREAT work buddy :) Rock of ages movie FTW ;)
My thoughts exactly...end of an era is a perfect way to put it...
Amen RT : Businesses need to stop spending time thinking they're in war w competition.Think about consumer instead.
Qoutes of a male porn star...wait..what..lol! RT : I work hard for the money
Just watched Proof. Wow, that was really good.
Saw your story about the whale this morning...stay warm out there!
Im up writing a paper, so the juices are flowing!
<\3 sorry that kids raw
you're still going out with him ?! ;o
So sick of this shit ain't seen my baby in two weeks
its not as bad as you think!!
By this time next week, you'll STILL be recovering from the HF-Twestival.
k, when can we get someone out here?
45 and sunny in Jan makes no sense, but i'll take it.
I use Linode - best VPS in the world. Can't recommend them enough. You just need to know your way around Linux.
You're a prince among men, truly.
Summertime Siding Tip: Keep sprinklers and other forms of forced water away from siding to prevent damage.
is dancing to What Makes You Beatiful on the bus haha(:
Btw, does anyone have a video of the music video of Time Of Our Lives?? I didnt get to see it):
Good luck on the debut !!
smh u was all up n down my tl mentionin ppl n it took u 30mins 2 say a few words 2 me in my DM
One plumber; One hour; $300. Dude was studying economics before he decided to be a plumber. He saw there was more money in it. Smart guy.
HEY could I get a follow from you guys?(: It would be amaazzinnnggggg!!!! I've had such a bad day
hey where ya been!?
yes sir!
Thanks for the RT!
I broke same wrist twice, knew it when it happened RT : Jayson Werth broken wrist. Bryce Harper will never see the minors again.
Oh cool, glad you liked that page. Right now, that article is bringing me a lot of my traffic. Like every day.
A woman's power to heal comes from finding meaning as a woman of great worth and inner beauty regardless of what she has experienced.
LA LA JUST ASKED DO HER SON NEED A HELMET TO RIDE A PONY... LLS... SHE CRAZY... ;-0
Superman, do you really even exist?
Congratulations! It's about time :-)
#SignsAFightBout2Breakout everybody runs to that one area.
Excited to see and Dianna next week... Wish was coming too :-((((
Rick Santorum is a herpes-infected dinosaur that shoots laser beams when he roars.
on some real shit im tryna hit that mega millions
for nostalgia's sake, i tried to find the commercial from last year when they did the tweet insta-tv-spot thing. gone.
Liquids, liquids, liquids.
is the shit!! Worth following
Let's go #Blazers, kill the #Lakers again!
If I am told I will see a movie at 12:35 and at 12:38 there are still... Wait nevermind.
A new reason to tweet Jeremy Lin it's so electrifying in nyc w linsanity all around need a Lin jersey
RT : Sunday come see White Rabbits with The War On Drugs and The Love Language. $15 all ages 7pm. Please RT
Trust in GOD Trust in the true Americans & most importantly, trust in yourself. Look around we have everything we need to be successful
Guys in dress pants and nice dress shirts are my weakness.
Can't wait to see the video!
it comes natural
when dragons are purple, they burp oil bubbles. true story.
Did the Aluquerque , Santa Fe, Taos trip a couple of years ago...great scenery & great jewelry, too. Have fun!
103 degrees? Time for a run. It builds character.
We're having a meeting Jan 31 5:30 PM to introduce the next producer/curator of !!! Be a part of the tribe & join us!
pouring drinks and drowning in other peoples drama. The usual... U?
Is a 10 year old too young to have his/her own comptuer or smartphone?
#boston #foursquare tweeps check in to Snowpocalypse 2011 Boston Edition, NYC unlocked the epic swarm badge like it was a joke last night
Workin hard... I'm trying to get my film made... It's a full time gig. How is life for you?
So want to do this RT A4. Christmas in Ireland, twice!
it must be really hard to be Bubba Army and see him spiraling down the drain.. Then use your Stern fan acct, for that show
“A brand is a set of differentiating promises that link a product to its customers.” Stuart Agres
stop singing fried chicken
Yo Z! Im good man. Crazy busy as usual. You already know! How's everything with you?
Except for work, I'm chucking Facebook. It's creepy how they're funneling "news" down into more & more narrow streams.
Great night for Django Mango White Sangria on the deck.
Also, mens game will follow at 8 vs Simpson. Students, we need you loud and rowdy for both games!
following back son!!
Why do I never win in poker?
What kind of St. Patrick's Day Traditions do you have? We will all try to remember to wear green here at the office...
had so much fun at ur workshop
Migraine out of nowhere. Fack.
MT : SO identifies himself as working for the #Arizonawildcats now. So, you know /Thanks for the info
Went to the Pride parade with Holland. She danced up a little storm.
Bradshaw falling in for Giants when everyone said it was wrong
No worries. Drinks are always good there.
Les figured it out
Good stuff! Thanks for sharing! Looking for rare funk? Sold my rare funk a few years back. Harder to find now!
I know, we don't even talk anymoree wahh.": I miss you too :((( RT ": miss you locaa !""
I have you finishing top 3 in FIFA player of the year too. Much respect for you on a fantastic season!
Fact: The original Guinness Brewery in Dublin has a 9,000 year lease on its property, at a perpetual rate of 45 Irish pounds per year.
Entrepreneurship at its core is about going after your dreams, and never ever giving up hope that you can accomplish them.- Shervin Pishevar
True words of Wisdom
John Stamos wins the George Clooney Memorial Better With Age Award. (His ad is immediately followed by Donald Trump's, who does not.)
I mastered a perfect round off.
Got up @ 2:00 this morning n almost, ALMOST turned on the heater. Feeling like Fall (which arrives Friday)tonight's low:? 60 SD, 54 E Cnty.
you guys have great communication skills
Marshall Fine: Catching up: The Three Stooges, Girls, Tribeca
A genuine leader is not a searcher for consensus but a molder of consensus
u have a gorgeous smile!<3
#Rupaulsdragrace Time for to steal the show!
Busy day ahead...First Script read through for the film we are doing later in the year...and then we are filming at the Arts Centre tonight.
Somebody better buy you something stiff and I don't mean a body.
free printing? Me response in two words: moral hazard
But L.A. LOVES You!
Angus T. Jones is so hot.
GO FOLLOW GO PLEEAAASSSEEE C':
I promise you im done caring about you NON-FACTORS *bHADD)
Seeing " magic johnson" as a trend and thinking it has to do with
haha! Good luck! You'll find it!
It isn't the tranquil and placid seas, that bring out the sailor's skill, it's the wind and waves that pound his ship, and toss it about ...
Wobble so hard. That shit cray. On a not so separate note, my knees are about to explode.
Agreed. Love the sets.
Life aint all that bad listen to music it helps
If it ain't one thing it's another...
Samples are gone, but our awesomeness, raffle, and coupons are still available!
Signs Linsanity is out of control. There is a Breaking News alert on ESPNEWS for a press conference of a Knicks/Cavs game! Name a Cavalier!
Davinci Virtual Office Solutions was selected for the 2011 Houston Award in the Secretarial Services by the US Commerce Association!
sometimes the more you know about people..... the less you want to know them.
I'd be terrified, keep safe man
Are you guys still looking for a third band to round out the reunion show?
Somebody should test Rondo's headband for psychedelics. Sometimes, he's just in another basketball world.
“If you work really hard and you’re kind, amazing things will happen.”
you've got to be kidding me
We update our website all the time-- today even. It's at 5thavenuecinema.org Sign up for our mailing list at our 1st show!
I love have in my ear ifeel so happy and makes me wanna get up on this bus and start dancing. Lol. Not a good idea
Thanks bro...and welcome to twitter RT : Happy Birthday to my bro, Here's to many more.
Cuomo Says Talk of Presidential Bid Is Premature Addressing for the first time speculation in political circles that he might be a candid
Smosh videos \m/ Funny (:
Happy Friday and thank you to all our new followers ... and !
lol not "bragging." They just said Broncos brass were celebrating last night at Shanahans steak house
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING ME!! MISS YOU COURTNEY.. COME HANG OUT SOMETIME..
Great to hear you are loving your inspiron! Thanks for being our fan!
I wish #twitter was more about self promotion...
Vary your workouts! Change them every 6-8 weeks. Endurance -> Strength -> Power. Question? Email me -
The Funk is loud (my ears are still ringing). George Clinton at StageAE tonight was great.
Seriously, this makes no sense! Why are same sex unions not legal everywhere? It hurts my heart.
kevin harvick look good hope he lead bunch and win
Turbo weather baby !!!! I love hearing my turbo spool weeppppaaaaa
Just sent you a Skype request. :)
I gotta get some sleep doe...
"HULK REFUSE TO USE HIS BIG GREEN MUSCLES AS SYMBOL OF CULTURAL DOMINATION" writes "CHALLENGE MALE PRIVILEGE!"
Looking good!
Wow! What a shot
which is good! sherman OWZED him his senior year!
Good, good & thank you sweetie pie <3 (:
Could go for some blue moon right meow. 🍻
At the #green carpet awards - most awesome event!
Tonight! and at Velvet Lounge! 915 U St. NW/9pm/$8. Tell your friends!
Tonights such a weird night..... but it was still amazingly awesome...
God damn it! Why would USPS have a food drive and not tell people until the night before? Failure.
All the blogging advice I've read says not to be negative and complain, and yet my complain-y posts are by far the most popular. hmm.
Trying to please others never works out because you're still unhappy....
Lol! RT : Josh Thomson's walkout shirt is priceless! "Hope isn't hiring" and "Vote Nope 2012" I LOL'd.
~+!!-| G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
keep us updated!RT : We are currently developing an article series on using #WordPress for #nonprofit websites and blogs.
RT : Hahahaha at 'Ss last tweet.
#hoptillyoudrop RT : U.S. total retail spending up 10% since pre-recession levels; e-commerce up 42%
I'm in the Sunshine State! ...and now have a new appreciation for CA drivers!!!
Why do people think I'm so weird..
I feel ya! My nuggs r struggling without ne injuries!
last night may have been our best college experience ever room 23
#Bruins abnormally sloppy with the puck today. Showing signs of missing Nathan Horton and need to ramp it up.
Mambo is not about you. It is about your partner. If you perform, it's about your audience. If you teach, it's about your students.
The phones are ringing off the hook now that my minion have the correct number.
Today's #Pricing Tip: Many online consumers more often than not buy based on price or at least are very price sensitive- price accordingly!
The Tyrant is dead.
Thanks for the support! Helps inflate our bloated ego =)
Thanks for the #WW Love!
Why is it so hard to find good al pastor in LA, yet so easy to get sour frozen yogurt?
End of year idea: Get enough sleep?!
thanks for the mention...funny enough I was enjoying a cup of tea while your tweet came through lol..
U didn't have to stoop so low. Its sad, now we rly aint friends, we coexist. Somebody i used 2 kno, smh. Happy i got a heart & common sense!
if my googling is correct, as the crow flies you are about 3,500 miles away...
I love reading all of your uplifting tweets. They make me miss Spokane...
A total "B". Given an award 10 miles away and can't be bothered to attend.
Caffeine is required, please input.
Earlier Angelos told me to go to the back of the bus,
Really. ": really? Looks like it has potential“: 'Magic city' is awful. Don't waste an hour of your life.”"
thanks for the fast reply to my support request!
People need to shut day hot breath self up
": Temple Run , boring AF now" I know how you feel!!! Temple Run be my last resort.
i did nuffin is there
"TRADE ME RIGHT FUCKING NOW!"
do you represent guys trying to play overseas
Meek Mill voice >
it so is!!! Yum
Thank you for your service.
healthcare reality-$900.00 a month for single coverage. Those who fight healthcare reform are covered by their jobs.
stuff i used to brush off is hard on my mental
is my wittle boy.
I was born in Atlanta & calling your boss "Babe" on ANY day is not SOUTHERN. Seriously??? No one does that!!
and you know we're not a democracy, right? Only democratic at city council level... we're a corporate-republic
He writes his plays for the ages~the ages between five and twelve. ~ George Nathan (about George Bernard Shaw)
Watching fire trucks converge on the Monroe Building downtown and the occupants streaming out into the rain. Hope all is ok.
It was better than Superman, X-Men3, Spider-Man 3, and of course better than the low budget flicks like Dare Devil etc.
it's... not really water? But not juice. And kind of tasted like pineapple? I gave up and switched to actual water.
and there's the popular you tube video "black and Jewish" sung to the same tune!!
This car next month tho>>>>>>
He lost me to some NON-FACTORS....
Organizing is much more than cleaning. One is putting things where they belong, the other is knowing why they belong there.
I'm going to play soon as well, it ran yesterday. Usually we can start it if it's not running yet
Check in on Jeff Gillooly as well.
Monday Night Baseball on ESPN
There are two types of metal music: painfully awful and orgasmic.
Bill agrees -- bears need to learn too!
a faculty member sent it out to the dept. i'll keep my eyes peeled! how's your prep for the move to IL?
Those after school long naps > >
If goal #1 is survival we all lose in the end. Only when 'self' is left behind can we truly find freedom. Self interest smothers the soul.
Tonight is 's Midnight Breakfast! Starts at 10pm
Going home and going to sleep💤💤💤💤
#IfTwitterWereHighschool there would be a lot more drama
Will check in on the Raspberry Vanilla Wheat (RSV) in a few hours. Soon I will know if the Madagascar Vanilla was worth the $9.
ok so that means u want to go in for me tonight right??
#GirlsJustWantTo be loved for who they are
we are looking for more servers in brea at cheesecake
141 emails. I GIVE UP! woodmans. BO..
In My Feelings Bout Cha Right Nah!!!!!!!
just got back from seeing titanic in 3D and im really tired...
Hhaha.. Me too... I just write stupid things...lol
From everything I've read/heard, yes. But we'll see. RT : Can he tackle in the open field? And does he wrap tackle?
The oldest wetlands preservation site is 22 years old! What?
Bus driver has an eastern european accent. Makes me feel like traveling!
LOL! how groovy... I don't have the research paper blues any more! It's great to be in the Empire today... haha
i know me 2. haha coo
You cannot be mad at somebody who makes you laugh - it's as simple as that.Jay Leno
Stop stressing or worrying about something you cannot solve. Take it to God in prayer. Let God handle it for you.
wish you were here too
May the 4th be with you! I've waited all year to say that!
in venice today and tomorrow. I can already tell that 2 days just isn't going to be enough.
-- I'm liking what I see at tapcongress.us ... and I hear the app will be out soon!
It's totally time for a new avatar.
He doesn't want more coverage. Just more attention. Like a 3-year-old. It was the Final Four, Coach!
Apparently, I have an iris defect. Just thought you should know.
We have Free popcorn! :) But we do have beer and liquor specials!
Participating in the 7th Annual Binational Mayors Summit hosted by Tijuana
Up all night, tired all day. tomorrow will NOT be fun.
apparently my strings are fine lol, ran into Kenny in the parking lot. Maybe I'll come hit soon
Which word might this be, Ms. Abroms?
Concentrate on you...relax and make moves!
Get ready for some food porn pics! Knocked off five items on #Roswells42BDayFavorites!!
My Contrarian Prediction for the day - Skins will beat the 49ers by 9 points.
License plate in front of me: YPESTIS
not yet but I'll try to get some for you
is a faggot with bad internet connections.
What's the quality like of the Hattiloo productions? Is there some good acting talent there? I've been meaning to go!
Cool! dude's pretty prolific: Buffy, the movie-turned-tv-show; Firefly, the tv-show-turned movie.
OK, now I mean it. Ready to get back into the swing of things and write some stories. RAWR!
The gap in thoughtfulness between a typical essay and its comments is one of the widest conceptual chasms in the known universe.
Working on the Celebrity Spouses Trading Card Series...
This makes Farve to Vikes easier to swallow. Have fun w/ YOUR Diva - Queens! Lol RT : Hey Brett Favre. Right now!
Nice group! #ff and thanks
2 more followers :)
if you really want to learn the nerd side of beer, go to Goose event Hollander tonight. Youll learn a ton from a very cool chick
i follow U
Today's a scorcher! Wanna be cool like me? Efficient air sealing and more can help your AC work more effectively! www.smartenergypays.com
a Mexican roll and fish tacos. Both delicious!
Heading back to Boston this morning!
No collusion. Publishers set own prices for e-books. HTML5 online & offline e-reading. Reach billions. Avoid closed ecosystems and the DOJ.
New Single coming out soon!!! Happy Birthday by Bring Me The Bullet,look for it on YouTube :)
I'm on w/ a news update in one minute.
Construction is set to begin on Costco in mid-Aug & will open in November - Lowes & remaining stores will follow shortly after!
Looking to meet people in music & art therapy for a writing project. If you know some one please message me....thanks
HBO should cancel it RT : What should happen to the Grand National after 2 horses die + 2 are injured?
@ zerwekh they never disappoint.
Did Kerr just basically say this is a moral victory by playing UK tight?!?!
a student just gave me a valentine's day card with base 10 blocks drawn all over it...
man i bet, i could barely do when i did it
thanks for the follow and damn u too sexy. U need a scar or something to seem average cuz u too fucking fine. At my limit
yay! I'm super excited to read The Archived (and sequel) too. Such a cool concept!
I want to finally watch all the Harry potter movies. :c
Had to cross the street through an occupy wall street protest parade today. Was almost danced on by several people, including Santa.
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #radio because it’s the best in paranormal radio!
Wanna do a shoot soon for online ads <3
did an amazing job mastering the music for the update for the video game Pie Collect. It will be available for download soon.
wow. i'm so bored that i'm actually considering reading my book. -.-
Left work early due to my gimpy wrist. Ice and ibuprofen aren't helping.
#HOWTOPISSAMANOFF ASK HIM TO PAY YOUR MORTGAGE
I hate getting ready, and then someone call me and tell me they can't make it and we're not going... #annoyed 😡😣😲😱😥😖
Blunted which means
Waiting in a super long line at Ted and Wally's for some ice cream with :)
I know I'm biased, but the bikini bootcamp is still my favorite workout.. just did it with a smile :)
Thx for the follow Josh, looking forward to your posts!
when it comes to chile I'm gonna say red for enchiladas, green for burgers and either with a warm tortilla.
m yes clementine!
I just finished a 1.01 mi run with a pace of 10'33"/mi and a time of 10:39 with Nike+ GPS.
Glad to give it! Most important to me right now is speed/design of admin UI...
my energies snatched it mid way and that.... is a good indication!
The kindest word in all the world is the unkind word, unsaid. ~ Author Unknown
We don't need to win 4 games. Just 1 game 4 times.
remedial balling and striking ...
Still looking for interested players and coaches. Email Head Coach Mike Meeker at with your interest.
Bro life is so awesome the way things happen if you are not connected here on PS you need to be !
Players sign up so coaches can see you in action don't wait any longer we have all sports
This bitch just popped out some heelys
First tweet from my #thenewipad !!
I love it down there :D me and my family plan on going there n the Spring time
if you like brunch as much I do I think we should go!
Any1 else notice that #SCOTUS wasn't willing to read the HC law before ruling on it either? 2k+ pages no1 has read *worried for my country*
damn what is with u and spiders? Lol
okay cool thanks
Wow. I haven't been on here in forever...
Headed to the conference today.
letz c who's was right all along... I warned u, told u, and TRIED to stop u from getting hurt....
mr belding is in the building behind the announce table
I want to go to a concert.
or atleast wear a bag over your head
RT : Ah well, you fight unemployment with the FOMC you have, not the FOMC you might want or wish to have at a later time
well yeah, but I'm talking strictly career performance days. Hamilton trades to Pujols in a heartbeat.
it's going to be a great event!
I just kinda went with it, being the quiet one suits me best
Sometimes you just have to say no...
I need advice...
take lots of notes, ill have loys of questions
What's your favorite auction show? I vote Auction Hunters!
your May calendar looks to be amazing!
#rocketfizz delivery to the studio, that's how you start the morning!
Amazing show with tonight
They always come runnin back lol that's the funny part!! Did I miss something?
Wow - you should get one for your yard! I assume you'd have to pay a baggage weight penalty to the airline though.
I have a bad slice in my golf swing, now my golf partner is dead
USPS all the way Matt...no need for ups unless someone specifically requests it ;)
If John Berry was really UMD's first choice for our commencement speaker, I can't help but feel like it was kind of forced/gimmicky.
Sir: your decision to wear a hat and sunglasses on this night flight makes you look very, very douchey.
#30thingsaboutme 1)I have ability 2 laugh Uncontrollably At Myself At Will. Really pisses off those trying to Laugh 1st, sucks 2 be them.
It ws so hot in new office today be4 I figured out how to turn on airconditioning tht I ws abt to declare it bikini day tomorrow.
Thank you for the thoughts and prayers. He will be deeply missed.
yeah i hope she performs GYHAB :)
HE BEEN LOW KEY FOR A MIN.
Ha! Webform finally sends email as planned. Take that, my bad coding skills.
that would be awesome!!!:)
how nice, jussi! this means a lot, coming from you :-)
I love watching fights develop on internet forums.
Little Bitty Pretty One!
just another day in the Metro Conference. 5 of the Metro 7 made the tourney. too bad they never agreed on football.
Fresh To Death 2nd Edition coming son and it goes SO SO SO hard! :) putting a preview up later!
Congratulations to the 2012 graduating class of the #UMN School of Public Health!
Love when does my math homework for me... Definitely acing this next test
Change the way you think about a situation
is he big enough at 185lbs?
happy birthday Erica. Tell Eric I said happy birthday. Love ya.. :-)
won't let me party up or join friend's mw2 lobby...any suggestions?
You're baking and reporting traffic...Now that is something special!
shhh. baby don't speak.
Migrating our web app from Prototype to jQuery. It feels like someone intentionally made them as different as possible :(
ShoutOut to , she's a cool chick with awesome and funny tweets! #FollowHer!
when that one teacher came in & asked for some pencils.
Today I learned 40 year old tortas can dance better in Zumba than and I :')
Good Morning tho 😘
It's beautiful outside!!
Just watched first three episodes of $5 Dollar Cover by MTV. Great music.
have to go to NH to get car title. Which camp you gonna be at & when? Email me
Attention waning. Energy seeping. These SLO's won't write themselves though.
Thanks for the follow George.
Great run yesterday Team Honor. Figures Hutch doesn't tweet.
oh yeah! It was a blast :) Def have to go again soon..
and you can obviously still be happy for someone even if you don't share their experience. Something about it just feels off to me.
Praise be to God & Father of our Lord Jesus Christ the Father of compassion & the God of all comfort. 2 cor 1:3
Blaring the Beastie Boys in remembrance durring this gallery install.
Well! There are those that don't know how to live other than in a jar !They need to step into the shoes 1st
Very excited to present "Network Analysis for Topic Detection in Eighteenth-Century Novels" at the #humnets reunion conference this week!
Boys soccer game gettin my tan on!!
Just bought extra clickers for big division talk and student GAVE me his; said bookstore wouldn't buy it back? Lots o'good karma to you sir!
Contact me @ re: Financial Systems Analyst or Sr. Businness Analyst positions
And you already trying to find out where i stay
The only thing fresher than Ryan Evans high top fade is his fade away jumper!
Do the. Potty dance.
very nice Chris
have great night training I'm cheering for you!
Sitting on van floor feeding fast food burgers to kids who are staring at movie. Check check #388 & #389 "things ill never do when im a mom"
nice eyes..
I enjoy the fast lane with sudden slow downs to watch female joggers!
Not a problem! And that's what we love to hear, hope you're having a great
- U up for following us? We sure hope so!
at Burgers & Cupcakes w Beth, Jackie & Maureen... Michael Connelly @ next table heavily salting his burger.
Had a handsome young gentleman place a hundred single dollar bills in my ample cleavage last night. Ahh, Tuesday.
when class features a clip from Freaks and Geeks, you're in for a good quarter. looking forward to YA services.
On this day 1972: Los Angeles Police raid a radio station after DJ Robert Morgan played Donny Osmond 'Puppy Love' for 90 minutes straight.
Very cool talking to you this weekend! Interested in hearing more about the
Prob speaks 2 some personality flaw of mine, but having someone declare it "Screen Free Week" makes me want 2 double the fam's screen time.
Born to be Wild is the cutest movie ever. The baby monkeys and elephants are precious. 🐘🐵💜
At the airport w/ no sleep
Cleveland is ALL sketch, though... hahahaha. but have fun and enjoy your trip :)
Ron Paul debates Nobel winner Paul Krugman and wins. Now will Mitt Romney step up to the box & go one on one with Champion of Constitution?
cant wait till u cross ova
that's what I'm asking myself every time bro :P
Im no good for you
would love to read your talk or see slides.
Looks like I'm goin to bed early tonight:/
I couldn't be more excited to have someone named Dont'a as well as Big Willie 2.0 in my life.
So sadly true. Was keeping a close eye on the iPhone battery, hoping to be marginally distracted by podcasts for the duration.
Thanks! We love hearing from such longtime fans :)
RT : RexCon exhibiting a vintage Rex concrete mixer at World of Concrete, stop by North Hall Booth N445
CM Punk vs. Daniel Bryan for the WWE Championship at Over The Limit? I APPROVE! OH I APPROVE!
Are you a #LawStudent or #LawProfessor? We'd love to connect with you.
we hosting a holiday FLASH MOB charity event next Sunday all proceed will go to benefit Capital Area Food bank of Texas
That awkward moment when you start to think your brother is gay.
Welcome to Paraskevidekatriaphobia, brought to you by Friday the 13th :)
So much skating goin down these last few days. Bout to hit it right now with branson.
do you have a soft collar?
You want to study acting in order to work as an actor. So many actors want to get 'beat up' so they have something to blame their career on
9. Write on the sidewalks that you are Mrs. Bieber.
thanks for the follow!
Another lame weekend. Only ten more days of school
don't eat Oreos. The creeme is one molecule away from being plastic.
no fungus!? Dude I'm a vegetarian now and its all about the Mediterranean w a wheat crust
Sure thing :) Thanks for the follow!
I feel for you - #oneday - Or just move away. Easy fix -
What a disappoint from the #Bulls. It shows that they r a one man team.
so cute! <3
Smile. Why? Because it makes you attractive. It relieves stress and It changes your mood and the mood of those around you. :)
People need to get over what said about Toronto. Hes right. There isnt ANYTHING like the Ralph. Not just Toronto.
So true! : Small is beautiful for investments
IF U DA SHIIIITTTT IM SEWER RICH CAME TO FAR FROM IRRELEVANCE TO BE 2ND BENCHED
Downside to breakfast at hotel: didn't do hair. Gorgeous attractive guy shows up.
Aint got a napkin so I'm eatin Sunflower Seeds off my chest lol
I hate all the people from my school.
When passing to a cutter coming off a screen, read the cutter's AND screener's defender. Will cut down on turnovers.
Thanks for the Follow Friday mention!
maybe you UID the original plans, not the actual building?
Today's future looks bright! Focus no hocus pocus.
yup :) sorry for late reply btw I lost ur number
so bored wish i had a car to drive somewhere
What do you do when your friend is about to make a disasterous mistake?
If you like Pumpkin Pie Ice Cream, you'll love Pumpkin Cheesecake Ice Cream! Come try some tonight!
Reduce the heat of chiles by removing the seeds.
You can lease a Fiat for $99 a month?! I should get one just for fun!
I totally understand if you give me the silent treatment. What I did was mean and uncalled for...but you weren't supposed to see it! Ugh ...
I'd this freezes 1 more time, I'll kill somebody.
Might make other arrangements but for now winners will be revealed at party / posted online shortly after. cc:
Yes Im up at 5:07 am taking care of my baby
A smile can mean a thousand words, but it can also hide a thousand problems.
Just walked to Gentlemen Jim.. Free pizza at happy hour.. Cheers!
Mission Art Walk time!? Woo hoo! Need to decorate the new place!
Cool story bro, wanna hear mine? Once apron a time no body gave a fuck. The end.
The problem with #MayweatherCotto 24/7 is that we have seen each of them a few times. stupid boxing
A little bit Hunger Games, a little bit Buffy The Vampire Slayer. - at
s/o to god man he still keeping me
do you have a tumblr?
I get out may 24th! Speaking of summer, guess who just got tickets to see cody and btr?! Hahaha
U gonna miss me when I'm gone
The reason there are two senators for each state is so that one can be the designated driver. Jay Leno
Happy Easter!
Thanks, we do our best :)
Talking to my study teacher about loufers..
We truly appreciate the post, Lynn! Thanks for spreading the word about
Unfortunately, I don't have time to draw comics right now. Stole a half hour to write yesterday, felt guilty afterwards.
That would be useful. But, this format opens up unknown mental possibilities
Sucks I won't be driving my car for a lil bit. Gotta drive the big green suburban!
Dear Roy, we had some good times back in the day but the #KUNation is pretty intent on repeating 2008 today. Love, EVERYBODY.
sandwiches are my favorite......
“ ": I need that suzie in my life right now"truuuuuuu”truuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!!!!!!! MY LIFE OMFG
I'd like to see more coverage on the pending Free Trade Agreements with Panama, Colombia & Korea. Good for local jobs & econo
IKR it sucks
what kind?
“: Congrats to for raising over $1000 for charities this month. Rockin it.” Thanks Katie!
I love Jennifer Aniston, holy shit.
lets do it up sexy at the good spot 105 riv tonight!
please say hi to Jaycee!!!!! 💗
Goodluck seymour track
txt me
Thank you and absolutely!
When the #workingclass is under attack, what do we do? STAND UP FIGHT BACK! 720-440-CSOL call to report corporate greed!
Nope! No dress code...if you're comfortable, so are we!
Meek Mill & Drake killed Amen >>>
Social networks are for optimistic expressions and opinions. They are not for negative illegitimate bullshit
so i put my ipod on shuffle and 7/10 of the first songs it plays are what does that tell u?
Let's even this up for Opening Day... 794 foursquare friends vs. 724 twitter followers. Retweet #Orioles fans! 70 to go!
Community outreach is critical to getting projects developed- sheri Desson-
Barbara says you must research the whole family, all collateral relationships if looking at chancery records.
trivgov.com. Unbelievable.
I don't want a perfect girl, there its almost to original, there is something about flaws that are beautiful
we should trend #hornyforjustin again LMFAOO. i wanna see of jeremy will tweet "this better not be about my son"
they need as much secondary help as possible
I miss underground parking
Hate you.
podcast experience. Waiver wires segment.
Dodged em all yesterday 👍
Dear , shush it. Lol
That was run was horrible. Its not even hot yet either.
I am strong in Christ. In prayer my mind is open to ideas that are strong and true I feel an inflow of strength.
Elena, a Russian movie about the haves vs. the have-nots. Beautiful, some perfect dialogue and relationships portrayed.
I'm a chef, I don't cook for free, unless I want to
thanks so much!!!
RT : I am looking forward to #SOBCon more than I ever looked forward to Christmas.
for making smss12 trend... and of course for many other undisclosed reasons :) have a good one
Only positive to say about today. Is next year will have same girls, same team, and experience. Next year should be a cake walk.
So tired
I miiiiiiiisssss u to!
The Lakers will loose tonight
all is good. Working as a sub teacher in school right now. Will start NYU dental school in September. How are you?
Birthday ending in 9 stressed me much more than upcoming birthday ending in 0.
where you off to? RT : Not in Dateland, AZ. Maybe this should be Kevin's second location.
I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done. -
Verb got bodied?
hey how are you hey today is my b-day I wish you was here
Deal! you gotta buy a guy a drink first at least.
If i trust you with money, your special!
Thanks for the referral. would love to talk to you about mobile ux. What are you looking to do. DM me.
• My iPod shuffle and I don't agree on what 'shuffle' means....
Happy #WineWednesday everyone! The weekend is peeking around the corner at us. . .
Lewis: All these very educated Icelanders have 2 options, trawler fishing or aluminum smelting. Enter investment banking.
wait what happened?!
followed you, can you follow me please? :)
oh snap
Really one of those proud moments, it was awesome!
Follow her okay ! She's awesome! I love her! FOLLOW HER PLEASE! She's new to twitter.
I love the fact delivered puppy chow to me last night
Girl: Why she don't have to wait on line? Me: Bi*** Jump off my Racks on Racks on Racks!
I will be in Scottsdale March 16-18!! Get ready friends and fam!
hm. Talk sexy to us tonight. Might get a free steak ;)
love you austin! im so proud of you<3333
Damn. You find out who your friends are.
Parks & Rec FB profile just posted they got a full season 22-episode order. Makes sense for the syndication package.
I feel so much better 2day... my grandma is doing much better... she might not b the best grandma bt shes my grandma
Thinking of slow-mo karate routines I could go through during Tweezer Reprise & Moma Dance.
Matty monk must get an expensive ass uninsured surgery. Come show your support Columbus on September 30th at scarlet & grey cafe benefit.
Yo Happy Birthday man!
Lol as long as there are no more Drupal questions ;) Just shoot me an email.
We're digging your FB page! Will you be on #TTOT today?
Any man that can't be straight up with a woman is a Bxtch
I know Lady. i'm digging it!
Kyrie is the man.
Actually... not Thursday... that's taken. :)
Owning Erik Bedard in fantasy baseball is like that Seinfeld episode where Kramer sees how far he can drive on one tank of gas.
Waukesha DA: no known motive in Siepmann homicide. He was killed by his grandson and the two were alone at the time.
Mink Sundays 21+ No Cover Relaxed but clean dress 903 E Bitters NO COVER!!
Just heard about a startup that will improve a person or institutions' online impression. Could it be for real?
I smashed dis food
Checked in @ the Darrick May concert. The Mid "Chicago".
have a safe trip home! Can't wait to see you!!!
mountain poling!!!!!!!!
That was the holding cell for the moment but I got sidetracked,
. - #NOLAFoodSwap isn't our baby. They are hosted at I suggest tweeting them!
Thank you Nancy.
you're AWFUL!
Nothing's gonna stop me
Junior Seau dead. Wow. Sad news
On the cokeboys 3 flow for the night
Anyone in the Pittsburgh area? Come for free snacks tomorrow at 7PM at the Greentree Radisson! Learn how you can make an income with snacks!
Thanks for the RT, darlin'. How are you?
thank you!
Black is boring
Such an awesome afternoon! Love working with people who hold such a great positive energy!
new year resolution: tweet more!
just saw u in miami announcin ur release!
We welcome Rebecca, Linda, & Janice from Macy's Century I Salon to our team!
"There was such wealth to be got from slave labor, it was no wonder these people were fighting to the death." --The March, EL Doctorow
I'll punch you.
Just arrived at #ISA2012. Time to build the booth.
Anyone know of a good list of database vendors with mobile versions?
Calling charlie batch...
is beautiful inside and out.
if ur up text me!
Great Training day lifting UTA Trax Trains. Thank you UTA for the great instruction.
I just finished updating to Timeline. I have had the same glasses since 2009. Guess who is going to get new glasses after work tomorrow?
Bob Dylan Christmas Album? Whhaaaaatt?? This seems wrong to me.
#wtf Hey, hollywood types, stop whitewashing asian movie properties, thanks.
lol is about the only guy who forreal knows my taste in music. man #shoutout to my dread-head though!! :))
Mm mother's day cupcake preparations!
I'm on duty tonite. Need help? at Hollie's Bonding we know "It's Good To Be Free". I'd rather be helping you than sitting on my ass.#KC RT
Riden round with my nigga smoking on dope
Hitting the links with looking to defend the title vs and stinkyDrew big ups too
please tell me you're counting down a new single. I need a beat to ride.
. my former #pubmedia station, WKAR, has gotten serious about local events + programming; ambitious and good to see.
you're kickin' butt on the exchange. Do you have plans to add content to your current resources?
Hey! follow back please(:
These be some jacken ass niggas out here (nigga keep it real)
I need some new clothes
I will never be a body double but I will always highly enjoy reading casting notices for body doubles
You don't choose your family. They are God's gift to you, as you are to them. ~Desmond Tutu
Bout to drop our new E.P "Timbuktu"!!
With any amount of luck, we'll be launching this month -- AND will be joining us in studio. Fingers crossed!
Gardening, bike ride, and cook out with later! What a perfect Sunday Funday! And starting the new job tomorrow.. Yay!!!!
I think should write a song and ft What do you guys think(: Hmm(:
still tearing it up in Mexico, btw
I would love to call you but I have no way.
whatever yes you do
Shout out to all my new followers!!!!
Being a vegan.... healthy or not. Tweet me back your answer...and your reason in 140 or less
U2 sound checks coming in loud and clear from my yard.
RT "The only time U must look down on another person, is when you’re picking them up."
Had a parent say to me this morning "I see u everywhere watching your players." As I told him that's the point. Care will take u a long way
thanks. must have been filtered by the university where I work, because I was able to access it on my phone, no problem.
Can't believe anyone would compare "Adjustment Bureau" to "Inception," which was amazing. "The Adjustment Bureau" was borderline stupid.
LIKE US on FB www.facebook.com/BeautyCallLosAngeles
I thought u were cuz u said thanks love but I say that to so idk y I asked u if u were British lol where are u from?:)
is almost at 4m! O:
I like Ryo Ishikawa. Too bad he is having such a terrible #Masters. He won't be making the cut. :(
haven't heard about this yet
Here at Livestrong Park to watch get a huge win over Sporting KC tonight. Come on you Timbers!
Scanner Monitor: A few more issues at I-70 and I-225. Calls for a 4x4 to help stuck vehicle.
do the bears have a need for someone like him?
No you don't. There's so much pier pressure that comes with being a boat.
At My Twitter name so i know its real!
The awkward moment when u get a text from weird number sayin stop textin and u look up n the teach is laughing like how u get my number hoe
I've hit them all, even had cheeses from Green Dirt Farm. Woodyard is a hidden gem (or it was).
You lucky dog.
MSG must be fucking insane right now!!!!
nice you will get to see her then! Stella better like her new girl to gossip with lol
Plus, a Real Madrid v. Barcelona El Clasico final would be absolutely incredible.
ok I will for 4 days lol...but not in a mean way! Lmao
Elephant on a unicycle? Just another day
there's a meet here in PA in September I'm considering entering, if my wife will approve LMAO
I can't wait to wake up for 3 straight mornings and head to for all day bluegrass jammin'.
Yes its amazing :)
What if I stay in and look out the window? Does that work?
Guess what? I always follow back! You don't need to ask. #dontworry :]
Great night and a great morning hanging out with great company. What the plans for today then big .. meeting tonight..
exactly! Have to get payday loans to pay off the gas credit card... Sucks!!! I need a 2nd job for GAS alone! WTF
When people show you and tell you, who they really are; look, listen and learn.
Good point, I've seen the app though, and it's a long way from replacing its paper equivalent.
haha Im glad I only have one, hopefully mine will be gone soon. are you hurting?
don't forget my question, and answer! Good night dear, And Merry Christmas to you and your family In Daegu,
Utah activist reflects during time in prison - San Jose Mercury News
Three of the most important words you can learn is: Life goes on...
what are your thoughts on #peytonhillis as the cover boy for
#Starstruck is on (: I love that movie. You are awesome in it! (:
Hosting Free Bike Helmet giveaway! First 250 kids 12 & under get fitted for a free bike helmet! April 28 Cycle Eastlake 9 a.m.
In a meeting with the Board of Directors
I have 666 followers.. And I love every one of you satanic children (; <3 haha .
To raise a confident young woman, u must be a confident grown woman. See previous tweet.
RT : I had a dream last night that you stopped thinking we care.
I am imagining Web 2.71828183 - The Transcendental Web
Thanks for spreading the word about YDE In Concert at the Greenberg!
Today has been awful & to top it all off, I just found out that Nick Matthews is leaving Get Scared :(
I love Madison just for who he is! (:
watching the Oscars
Thanks for the RT! Great thought about the "blank yellow pad" Sometimes I think even the best CRM can get in the way.
so when you clicked on my twitter tab on my page, you saw my tweets? thanks, btw!
Easiest way to wake up in the morning? Have it be sixty degrees.
Yes I love being an actress!
hell to the yeah! He should
The juice was worth the squeeze
tryna swoop.. boof on the way down
I took my mother 2 her first ever Steeler game against the Eagles when the Steelers ran back a punt, kickoff & int for a td
Happy Halloween!
Merry Christmas
#Hawks in a zone. Not bad way to start the 4th
ha right ?
Braved the nasty weather to indulge in great convo and people at
looks like gmail went through some updates! :)
: definitely has away with words. lol
Hyaluronic acid helps make up the dermal layer of the skin, and is there to add volume and shape to the skin by trapping water.
Werd up!! RT : Wouldn't mind hitting up tonight haven't been there in a minute
I believe a lot of these #superstitions are African based. My grandmother and great grandmother NEVER lived in this country.
I know I'm not a player but I can be a gentle-man.
unfollow them then honey!(:
I love makn money
Question of the day: At what point do "productivity tools" become tools of distraction?
Jazz Friday is tonight at BAM! Stop on in and see David Wills preform!
i lied im still here
sounds like fun! And for a great cause
that makes me sick.
Dear Bed, I just want to thank you for always being there for me when I needed you the most at night.(^_^)
“: Happy for to vote til they shut me out!! Love you guys...”//Unfortunately, you can only vote once...
So now my office is in the spare room away from the maws of the dogs and husbands gaming. Don't know why I didn't do this sooner.
The forced virality/auto follow on is what's generating all the buzz. Should be opt in. Pretty annoying.
Hahaha I love you and miss you too!! :)) and YES WE CAN!!! But....i moved to mckinney.....and im in chicago right now! :((
BIG UPS TO ALL THE MOMS OUT THERE. NOTHING WOULD BE POSSIBLE WITHOUT THEIR SACRIFICE AND LOVE!!!!!
because you're sick!!
There's no such thing as a bad derby cake. They all look and taste great after a few mint juleps:)
Double OT.
hey bella :) long time no talk... been busy with life in general, and im horrible at writing back... how's life treating ya?
Great interview with OSO Artist, Crystal Guzman, today. What a story, what a voice! Oh ya, did you vote today? ---> www.refresheverything.co
Just gotta get a 44% on this test today at 1, and I'm a free man!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! :)
i love you all....<3
idk if im ever gonna be able to look at larry stylinson or niam the same way again tho...
Here we go Così fan tutte #mozart boss
this saturday at The Black Sheep, with Anne's Revenge Kodiak and Maelstroms. its gonna be huge so come party with us!
"can I have some money?" "for what?" "get you a mothers day present"
How are you, Scotland? ::waves from Atlanta::
hahaha me too!!!!
The referred to as "her opponent" in the pot he doubled up off Abbey Daniels.
who you calling a slut?!
Drawers filled with clothes, closet full of clothes, but nothing to wear.
get well!
My God is Awesome !
We hope everyone is having a great week! We're ending the work week Friday 12pm with & and DJ John Rizzo
I love it! You killed it! Glad you filmed it! Love You Cuz! You gotta come to Chicago!
I haven't checked this, but I think a lot of my large tweet lengths are due to links. (I'm not yet in the bit.ly habit)
Whatever keeps you warm at night...
Wanting to be someone you're not is a waste of the person you are. -Kurt Cobain
I help Columbus businesses & Twitter users reward each other. Follow me 2 join in the Tweet Love & rewards! Free food & more coming soon.
Your sparkling energy draws those things that you desire toward you, and there is nothing at all to push them away.
Good-night! Sweet-dreams!
Im bored. I hope I don't fall asleep in class tomorrow.
Where can I watch the 7th season oh HIMYM online ?
Looking forward to Tonight's rehearsal....funny footage ahead!!
Cool name the world needed another Rasheeda, now all we need is 3
gud morning leave the boos
News McIlroy leads Shanghai Masters U.S. Open champion Rory McIlroy shot an 8-under 64 on Thursday to take a one-stroke lead
You only have a bad day if you choose to let it happen. So if it already seems like your world is ending, change it. Its YOUR life ya know.
I don't actually know. Mostly small games with the occassional 5/10 or 10/20 nl I think..
What's Your Mom's Best Meal?
Lol, my bad bro!
If you're a banana fan, then you'll love our Banana-Graham! Come check out our new froyo flavor on the gorgeously sunny NEWBURY STREET!
at the track meet with and
double digit attendance for #whymentor with come on over and join us.
will the webinar repeat?? Or be available by video? I am attending another webinar at the same time!
Oh well , too fucking bad!
Just woke up 👍
Dear School, why do you have to sneak up on all of us Monday morning? Sincerely, you should start on Tuesday, at Noon.
I NEED THE INSTRUMENTALS TO THE DON: NAS NEW TRACK! Pls help! BIG THINGS POP! UNIV€R$£*
Loving your work!!! Hope to make it on May 4.
define the 'art of cataloguing' in 5 words. Cause I'm working on my first project.
wup bro how u been...
I'm good! How are you? Sounds like you're running a lot these days. That's great!
so your happy
We support pets, pet rescues our military apple pie, good coffee and anything with a hot engine!
I accidentally read a bio of a Game Of Thrones character for the books and not TV and now I know they die. I want to kill myself.
sorry for the unfollow. :) I have automated follow to make sure but it takes away the ones who do not follow also automatic.
is always ON MY MIND<3
wow, its all my fault then. fucking bravo
Relevant to my class today. RT : When we don’t deal with things, they end up dealing with us.
well you're gonna love the new songs, cuz I wrote a ton with I can't wait for you to hear the new stuff!
�first ask yourself not �What will Social Media do for Us?� but rather �What Will Social Media Do To Us?��
You forgot to add my name for the topps archive box.
aww thank you<3 I was talking about the weather, but you still made my day. Thank you<3
Thanks for the FF!
Going to sleep lil upset
No problem! :)
Thanks! #Love ConquerEnt
If I hit you in the face with a doughnut you would not be upset. By time your ready to react you'll taste the sweet nectar of bakery bliss.
I'm sorry Diddy Dirty Money. No disrespect intended
love it and us mahomies know that your not copying JB. We love you<3 haters gonna mahomies gonna love <3
not feelin' it today :-/ be back Monday with some great eye candy for you.
Agreed! RT : Beginning of a needed discussion w/ Don't let it drop Let's work on it
If you're downtown for first night, get to 5th ave place by 9:30 for some Cello Fury action!
RT : ": One thing about a libra.. We give y'all what y'all need but we are never satisfied #realshit"
What bug sprays do those of your with #sensitive skin and #foodallergies suggest?
i love u
Trying to start working my way toward vegetarianism starting tomorrow.
You know what's funny about today's entire slew of tweets? I don't even feel that strongly for charters. Think some are great, most OK.
Hey, excellent--thanks for the heads-up. That's a pretty serious examination of your great work.
Going to listen to rebelution non stop all day
Gingrich, at Marquette rally, says government is anti-religious, government dominates the church.
Mhm i love you too -___-
Its fine by me, if you never leave<3
Getting a sneak peek at the new show Daniel Tiger's Neighborhood, coming to PBS soon. Can't wait to show !
The rain has cleared. My car is fixed. Another evening with visiting #family. Life is great.
I got something like 40 replies by email to my post looking for a Wordpress coder. And All Look Same.
Agree awareness is critical before you can begin. Defining the new culture starts the change process
oh that is nice
I'm having a blast at #SWMadison but my liver is missing and and my peeps from
ha! those are classic. I didn't get my start until the Apple IIe/Apple IIc era :)
I LOVE that my love of music is shared by and with my son Rockin' #johnmayerlive at his suggestion. Awesome!
I Did My Nails Cute:)
A little compassion for Amare is in order right about now. The guy has had a really tough time personally due to tragedy.
Would it be possible to get a copy of your sermon after you give it? We would love to read it.
Not many pitchers have great seasons at 35.
« « #3WordsForYou I'm moving on.»»
“ 👵👴 ole folks and 👦👧 lil children .. nosiest and messiest ppl in da WORLD”
LOVE it! It's got everything in one spot. Thanks much for the great app!!
Can't wait to play with tonight at Mojo Main and perform at 's Spring Block Party in Baltimore this Sunday!!
I know seriously I'm only 10min in and I've said Awww like 20 times
I'm doing homework! :p
Medusa makes me hard.
think getting kicked early affected him?
at work, salsa on my shirt. Nuff said.
Come to the Book signing today SAT 09/17 at WALGREENS - Fairfax CITY, Virginia 1100 AM to 100 PM
my name is kaitlyn . nice to meet you . :)
it's exactly what happening
and all of y'all. Are #BAD.. Especially you!..
oh yeah? Lol
#peoplewatching in the library and Severus Snape walked by
Headphones on. on the iphone. Better than coffee house gossip. #sermonpalooza 2012
once I get that people will never call me gay again
I had no expectations for the Twins this year, but it's just ridiculous how awful they are. Still watching them?
20 percent boys of the world have brains, rest have girlfriends.
"We are not vilifying people because they are rich but the problem is..."
Wow. Only 5 minutes at #Transmediale and I've already been condescended to twice. This must be some kind of record.
show em who's boss behind the camera lens
We are perfectionists & hungry to work all the time. We are entertained by every aspect of business and never want to stop working. S Welch
Why does so many people got Swagg as there damn name?? Most if em aint gotta swag orno type of husstle #WTF I hate that word SWAG-played out
we're the coolest kids and we take what we can get~
Allison and I just saw Mud and died! It was amazing! Go see it!
Thanks for the retweet. My fist one lol
It would choose today to rain, instead of yesterday when I needed it to.
I'm right with you there chief. Hate mardi gras crowds!
lol you'll look funny I bet, but it's ok ;p
Always on the move. I was looking on Foursquare and apparently you were at the airport at the same time as me last week.
Hi im a hater, welcome to the internet. Smh
The Chicago Healing Circle was Awesome!
Harris Teeter ranks sixth in Consumer Reports grocery rankings
Talking to my buddy Mark in California on ooVoo
If I'd known that I would have lent you my Hoosiers DVD! “: First movie selection? "BASEketball" So inspirational!
RT : : CastingCollective are looking for extras in Manchester for a TVDrama filming in earlyMar. Age 16+....
I love being a wrestling nerd, but I dislike others for some reason, they just lack the coolness I posses. #mean but #real, i am blunt.
HTTP 403 Forbidden!
Heading that way..
whenever it is, see ya there. I'll be in the stands this time. Considering the gym size, that's the same as one row away in AC
I want tell how much I love her. She been with me through thick n thin n she gave me handsome boy.
Yep! I gave out one tiny tortilla chip crumb, and you'd think I was a tree with the climbing action that ensues now.
But why did I use this girls shimmer nonsense cream, now I just look like a shining ode
": meet n greet today! Were you happy with it?
i'm sending you motivational thoughts.
YAY!!! RT : Just finished 's glorious LAURA LAMONT'S LIFE IN PICTURES. What a wonderful treat of a book.
#techprom you had me at incumbent
MAYBE HE SKYPED SOMEONE & THEY WANTED TO BE A BITCH & ADD THE LIVESTREAM LOGO.
- good seeing you & ! Thanks for the taste and conversation regarding "over the top".
FWIW: On Tuesday there was a Cubs scout in Appleton specifically to see Drew Gagnon pitch. Left early when he didn't.
I'll.just borrow money from my younger sister(; lol
I guess that's a simpleish one. I just opened up my notes and chose one at random. :P
both actually
I am on a mission to visit every comic book store in the Abq metro area. What's your favorite place??
what you up too
Palm Beach Moms! Be sure to check out CT Kids Inc. in Wellington if you haven't already! They have awesome kids clothes!
I graduate tomorrow. OMG.
12 more knock-knocks!
ROTFLMBO! Please please turn to SOUTH BEACH TOW on TRU TV!!! THIS IS THE FUNNIEST SHOW EVER! LOL! Long Live BERNICE - The Tow Queen! LOL LOL
im tryna make things right
Actual charge per MPD was "trespassing." Who would want to charge him with that? I'd think porch owner'd be happy.
thank you love! Will work on this tomorrow morning :) {hugs}
Miss you lots sunshine
Bad grammar is an epidemic. LOL
Awesome quotes! Keep up the great work!
Things are about to get NUTTY at #CoachellaLive!
Haha my bad bro I'm not always on this.
Dig. Deeper. RT : 1st day of May was #INSANE! And by that, I'm referring to the #insanity workout we just did. WOW.
Deer Tick. Next Tuesday. Nashville. Who's in?! Just me? I figured.
Forgot to ask you about the puppy! Hope she is well.
I think my "Check Liver" light just came on..
Nice to know -,-. Give me tomorrow.
Huntsman also believes in campaign finance reform
Ah. Baseball.
where? :o
Hope everyone had a good week
yessir ! I'll be in the house
do you love it?
not tomorrow. on Wednesday
": <3 JOE <3 omg join our marriage :'-)"we can all marry
me 2 love u ariana its gunna be awesome rite :D
You can imagine my relief when I opened the refrigerator door at work and discovered that the pickled herring is still there.
RIP Gma B. You were the strongest person I had the privilege of knowing. I'm the person I am today because you, I <3 you and will miss you.
We're thankful for beer. How about you?
thanks! You too!
you give the finger to someone from akron , well you suck now your wades bitch! CANNOT WIN LIKE JORDAN WITH WHAT WE GAVE YOU FU
But we're having a heat wave!
The worst things in life come free to us.
So much for saving fuel!
You lost credibility on that one when you say she's from your home state.
Ready for a crazy weekend!
Kill or be killed
o the things i say while improv-lecturing..like today i managed to use the phrase "get it while it's hot" within a mismanaged turnip analogy
Blaring Boyfriend by Justin Bieber with Colby.:P
Omg work
Ion know why but I love slow jams
unless she's a really good actress, the only way you'll be #winning is if that's not the first or second time that's happened
oh god !! it doesnt look like you :P love ya !! ♥♥
When are you going to talk about Obama trying to bribe Sestak. Everyone else is and we will see an impeachment in 2011.GFYAH
Perelman School of Medicine Commencement & Reception, Kimmel Center for the Perf. Arts, #PennAW 9-noon
SPACED is a sacred 'n' special institution, at least in my house. I'm glad we didn't Americanize it.
RT : Only 47 minutes left! Be loud. Be Proud. #BeMilwaukee and vote to help us win this social media event!...
That's funny (:, seldom is an address a cause for laughter, and, it sounds like you are a loving parent. (:
The chief function of the body is to carry the brain around
Spent the day in Chicago for my Godson's Baptism! What a wonderful way to spend the end of the weekend!
are you wearing socks?
they said i had it bad , addicted to what we had"
Anyone interested in garnering HRCI (or other) credits for recertification?
"I'm about to write this $800 check and my checks have pictures of baby farm animals....bitch!"
Remy seems to think he's a pug!
Today, All Wild Things are quiet... Thank You #MauriceSendak May your Great Rumpus now truly begin!
At TIA waiting to board plane to ATL. Triple mocha doesn't balance getting up at 4:45am. *yawn*
Watching tv
I saw that haha but I'm gonna change it now! (:
Hey buddy no worries on that brochure, we got it figured out! See ya tomorrow
Just seen the biggest beetle I have ever seen o_0 it had a big green back UGGGHHH
I've been checking out your work and I'm liking what I'm seeing. Dm me your contact info.
Any donkey is a piñata if you like donkey meat enough.
he can't dougie either
Your Awesome!!!
You'd think I had a dick the way muh fuckas be riding my shyt..
thanks, he's growing fast though...
Well, 's use of "fuck it" is pretty spot on and much needed addition to the
how was the pasta? KFC was awesome!!
"Join the Debate" = fall for our linkbait hate-speech so we can get our ad revenues up.
Get it right, get it tight! LOL Gr8 day all ;-)
Eminem: Angry Blonde.
In need of books on Narratives, everything really (theory, psychology, etc) please send me links or an email
That tragic moment when you realize you are still the strange nerd with no friends but instead of Recess it's Friday Night.
A big WELCOME to Villanova Law! Glad you are joining us at our Transactional LawMeet!
< the more areas open up with pain. Like further down in my forearm where I didnt think there was any wounds.
Nah. We don't need Sean Marshall. Or cashner.
Today, I'm going to do all the things I love doing. Starting off with cleaning this apartment.
Im Doing great!!!! Anything new Happening?
I do. I'm going to start using that. Haha
wat you mean
Dis young lady needs to get her BEAUTY or as i say GORGEOUS sleep :) #GorgeousGirl hehehe c=
Do you believe in karma?
Not a Happy Day for Romo & Dallas Fans. Is there anyone on the planet aging faster than Jerry Jones & Al Davis? Sure was a good game though!
I wasn't tring to be rude (: lol I will edit if you want ! I didn't know you wanted me too lol!(:
One resume sent in. One candidate getting interview. Sr. C# Developer needed in #Boston. #Perm #CSharp #ASP.Net #Agile. #…http://
I Would Go Talk To Someone About My Anger, But It Would Only Upset Me....
Speaking for all normal guys. Even the married ones. That was exciting.
All of your other technology is mobile so why not choose a videoconferencing solution that is too?
it's all love hope you find her lmao ☺
expecting some mall quality photos
Stoked about making a shit ton if bacon for breakfast tomorrow!
Thanks for sharing our massage deal!
Aw I just saw the cutest #ranga #babies!!!
I read freedom. It was terrible, but I read it.
We have to reduce the barriers of entry to test whether new tools work for each student, says audience member.
Since when is UFC on Fox run on radio. CBS owned Washington DC sports station is carrying fights live...
Need help quitting smoking? Today is your lucky day - Over 50% off a Smoking Cessation Hypnosis session, only on www.crowdclick.com!
hit me up. lmao and yeah
Elation. Dejection. Back to zen base level. All in an afternoon.
It's more the fake ones that get me than the real ones and vice versa!
Btw Its Shelby
Dishes... done. Laundry... done. Dinner? In the process ;)
Please read my tweets or im invisible for your beatiful eyes? :'(.
where is my #lockup cellie? New episodes later
Like a lemon to a lime - a lime to a lemon I sip the def ale with all the fly women
so what's the deal, you doing a project?!
There's only 1 Boy who never Fails to make me Smile, he always knows Exactly what to Say <3
Congratulations to our first Jingle Jam tickets winner of the day! If you didn't win this time, don't fret! Try again after 9am!
It's official, Arby's employees are the biggest fail in fast food. They forgot to give me marinara for my cheese sticks.
Love is the child of illusion and the parent of disillusion. ~ Miguel de Unamuno
Heading to school for morning excel in my purple pants.
FFX Co Pkwy, you may be officially SR 286, but I'm still gonna refer to you as 7100N/S.
The feeling right after working out and knowing you got better - joy!
I think I understand. Actually, that might hit on it---the mind seems to be trying to "pull" objects from 3D in to 4D space.
Yes! Travel crazy the next few weeks. Maybe cafe trip the week of 5/14?
I absolutely LOVE reward systems!! Great idea Ashlee Nicole :)
forever wearing not matching socks from costco
You should therefore have, at hand, the cash to keep the shop running for about six months
FHA Section 184 loans make it much easier and more affordable for Native Americans to purchase-Gateway Mortgage helps
parents didn't pay for undergrad b/c they didn't want my sister and I starting out life w/ debt.
Will you suit up tonight?
that's my favorite car freshener. I tend to forget them in my car after a late night.
and HE totally didn't see that coming!
The first sign of spirituality in a person appears when his desires change their direction from the outer world to the inner Self.
Thanks for the retweet!
We had a fabulous weekend!! Our event we designed Saturday was a complete success....we'll post pictures soon!
Having a Givenchy handbag moment. #yesplease ￼
not really! we're working on it noww
Off to the Muster Team Picnic and Practice today! www.hopeforfirefighters.org
Gina, are you here?
Wednesday Night Specials include: $2 U-Call it Wells, $8 Sam Adams Pitcher and $1.50 PBR Bottles
I think I hate everyone in the world. Except Floyd.
Looking for a good place for a drink tonight with noelle and Preferably in #saintpaul? Rooftop? Anyone?
Cruisin Classics will be cruising in to the Turning Stone Resorts Casino in Verona NY on March 30th for an 8pm show. ;o)
It's #WhyILoveMuseums Day. Tell us what you love most about children's museums!
"sort of objectively true": someone somewhere at some time probably agrees that this is the same as fact.
thanks for the great feedback!
Great that Obama finally came out of the closet on gay marriage.
Meet and Great with #TimSullivan!! Come on down to #12VoltTavern at 1PM!
what's this paper on, if I may ask?
#iOS app store "developer advocates" (support) are about as helpful as sand in my eye.
I'm made very uncomfortable when people use the word 'shat' colloquially.
I can't wait for my party next saturday :)
i keep trying to google a picture for you but spam pops up...
#RIPAngel is trending
how else do u respond to somebody callin u a goofy...
they better not
Keep talking and I'm gonna start talking...
they took those sticks out their ASS!!!!!
Bitch please.
im not being sarcastic :)
Startin a new phrase called R.A.W.L= Rappers Against Wack Lyrics Join the Team!!.lol
What am I looking forward to this summer, um nothing now that wont be doing his summer camps in Laredo,Texas:(
You'd think you would be able to get straight answers out of people who use all your gear and pretty much live in your studio.
"You May Not Get There, but You Know That You Are Qualified, And You Hold On." - Jesse Jackson Sr.
haven't heard that one, will have to check it out on the club, thanks for posting, did y subscribe to the spotify playlist?
Hope you are hanging in there!
thanks man! Some more stuff with her in the works
ah congrats Beth! Sign up for & follow my wedding board :) you get great ideas on pinterest!
heck ya!
You’re invited to a garden party at The Children’s Place! Saturday, March 3 12PM-4PM. Join us for sweet treats and special deals.
Apparently, yes.
Time to get #blackout for this game.
and passing notes in class... I remember when I was in 5th grade
Watch Converge21 service tonight It will be at historic Rock Church and will be powerful!
RT-- Please Note: Politicizing 9/11 is terrible. But using it as a premise to invade the wrong country is cool. — via web
just don't take a picture of it and then post on twitter!
How long are you here for?
my friend.You are a part of the reason I am now on Twitter. Hope all is well w/ Jen, the boys & work. Happy New Year!
A tree fell on my house today. Fml
Thanks for the RT! I was really just trying to help you out but I'll take a RT. :-)
RT : TIP- Successful home businesses are fueled by good marketing, lead generation & VALUE on the front end
Schindler discussing "blur" that digital world creates (subway/grocery store in Korea where customers scan QR codes on fake mech)
it's still work, so all the more power to you. I eventually want to be on "the other side" too :)
Resistance is. Dumb.
Audio Books - all Neil Gaiman. Suchet reading Agatha Christie. I find both their voices soothing and the books good. :)
Sometimes you watch your mother in action and you're like I'm just like that... In a good way.
great win at home! Solid team! Still fear top big ten team!
liking it.
It's gon' be that 1 Houston girl at 's show who's like "f*ck it" & will either a) spraypaint on a dress; or b) wear something see-thru
Week three of a three-month power block. Next post is on the merits of Small Business Development Centers and the SCORE program.
Just gotten told I'm going to sing at a party with 200+ that is the largest crowd I've sang for ;DD what should I sing!
Who likes Chic-fil-a more than Nick?
Day 6 of Scooter Cannonball. So far 5 crashes, 1 cane, 5 scoots dropped out. But don't despair Pie Town, NM is on the horizon...
Who's going to river riot?
beautiful building and grounds here!
We're glad you loved it!
oh my bad I forgot all about the computer yesterday lol well we're at home most of the time we could always hang out friday :p
let us know how we do!
haha ppl for real get butthurt over that
you guzzle more wieners than an asian at a hot dog eating contest #justkidding?
No shy Ronnie on last night's SNL. Very disappointed. Eli was great, though.
FYI Often quoted 70 20 10 rule came from 1980’s at the Center for Creative Leadership Morgan McCall, Robert Eichinger and Michael Lombardo
THANK YOU!!! Ima be like "London girls are prettier, remember" But I ain't mad though, Lol
out of twitter jail i see.
20k probably not a huge stretch. Maybe 15ish?
today is gin and tonic sunday. don't talk to us if you're not drinking a boss g&t
Has Walker endorsed Paul Ryan's Medicare plan? He endorsed Medicaid changes but seems like he hasnt given a straight answer
thank you lenny for the trianing site and the calls you are really rocking peoplestring!
"I don't wanna be the best QB in the NFL. I wanna be one of the best MEN to play for the NFL." MARRY ME RIGHT NOW AARON RODGERS 😍😘💏💑💋💍
Right? Weird. RT I'm still waiting for Variety to announce that Ashton Kutcher playing Steve Jobs is an April Fool's joke
There's a couple people I just want to punch in the face
Uh... Yeah. I decided to do something different with it, as any human with an opinion and a bit of creativity is able to do.
Herbert: ah who needs em, you like popsicles? Chris: well sure! Herbert: then you need to come on down to the cellar I've got a freezer full
i Followed back.
Well he's pretty much right
I'm tired of not seeing you.
My adventures in dev this week: Integrating Twitter Bootstrap with .net MVC & Telerik MVC Controls .....had a blast!
She wasnt making fun of me! SHES MY BEST FRIEND! And you guys are making her despressed because you are taking things(c)
Mariah Carey gives birth to twins??!!! Oh my freakin' lordy, who gives a fuck?
I believe in positivity and fate and it's paying off!
4 hrs 20min to see who's the first if anyone who remembers.....
The BodyMedia team now in B-U-tiful Santa Clara #demo12. Practicing their "6 min" pitch.Muy difficult 2explain us in 6 min.
Have a great Friday everyone! Get outside...enjoy the weather this weekend...then refuel with La Salita!
RT I #votesmart by not buying into lesser-of-two-evils fear-mongering propaganda
Bad by the Cab :)
Today's Soups: Cream of Cabbage & Mushroom Barley
watching a movie
Your cute :)
just having a bevarge at coyote ugly staying away from the Denver snow.ya dig??
Girls with smelly hair chemicals <<
just picked it up at an antique store, so yeah, got some work to do.
What an awesome day for an Easter Egg Hunt!
haha, I had no idea that I would "literally" be a "1 percenter".
LOL okay :-) I had to stop using mine until I have a dishwasher. Needs a non-detergent run & don't want to take it to my parents
is there another place that's open for lunch on Tuesday that you'd like to go to? Or maybe Wednesday?
Haha. You're kinda right but being half right is still wrong. You so, so conveniently forgot about '04. How 'bout them Dawgs!
Someone just told me to kill myself.
chase coy, ♥ ah, I love him.
We want examples of your super meals. Let us know what your favorite nutrient packed meal or snack is!
you would! :)
you just made my day!! Thanks!
Day 1: complete
Look out for new updates! We will be launching our new website soon! SO EXCITED!!!
where were you the last two nights? great goin out times with
Ah.... though Windows Speaker properties said I was set to 5.1.. Creative Sound Console was set to 2.1... fixed that.. now I gets my BAAASSS
vacation s almost over and again i didnt do anything for school :// why daa f** do this spanish exchange pupils have to come on my bday :((?
I'm In
At Opa. They're mashing up Cruel Summer and Good Feeling. That shit cray.
Dont believe that! /:
So what'd ya think? We love Ben Harris' Bailout song. RT : Seeing First Date This will be my first musical in many years.
Feeling real gd this morning just got the news that my bro will be home in two days can't wait to see u Ace!!
coloring and playing with clay!
Here is a hint.... from Dade City RT : Question #1: What famous tennis player is from Pasco County?
I've been a fan for years. He's just... people don't get him. And they're afraid of what they don't know.
Lot's of changes to facebook. now our facebook fan page is not working. Anyone else having that problem? TJ
my hot party with the best house music in nyc is tonight at pink elephant!
You guys let's try to go ONE day without using the word motherfucker, ok? Let's do it for Mom.
RT With our AR project we included an extra layer where we mixed museum content and wikipedia
That seems drastic! There's always a place for sarcasm and irony!
Just walked by on 18th st. super crowded in there.
Codename kids next door....my newest/oldest favorite show <3 ;)
Bahaha! I used to put candy in my diaper and eat when my parents weren't looking! Omg embarrassing! LOL :)
Why can't. Just like me for me? I wanna Be like Romeo and Juliet. You don't care what others say. All you care about is us.
Music Is The Only Thing That Keeps Me Occupied..I Have Nothing Else To Live For..
Congrats to and Decarlous Spearman for winning $100 Amazon gift cards for visiting the Crowley booth at #ala11 and
#RnRDAL aka Dallas hotter than hell is in the books.
Just gave the 1st gold star in a min.
"You're like a shotgun baby, pointed at my head. And those lips are suicide, but I just want to see you dead."
skiing is harder to master than boarding.
Follow us on twitter
I'm researching men's underwear brands & I have to say its quite an awkward task to be doing at work.
You know it! Stay tuned!
If a guy tells you he is different, he is just like all the others. If he really is different, he'll show you, not tell you.
Thanks! Welcome to the world. Happy on sale date to 's Occupy Nation and 's Jackie After O.
got you with the syracuse game lol But they will be playing teams that can put up 70 points to and have a better D
you still need a picture though!
I know. I love living in the future.
RT - Adam Everett on my flight to Cleveland. Has been DFA'd by Indians. Not sure of his next step. Maybe retirement. Going...
#LoveWhenYou dont judge me when im drunk
August 19,2012 will be memorable.
have to psych myself up for work tomorrow
It's about actions & outcomes; actions & reactions - not just publishing messages on social media says at
15 pages of notes from my Kindle. I'm sure I'll have a nice outline by the end of the day.
-- Is he a junior?
Lets make a movie yea
Evidence of an unknown Mayan society is eplored tonight on "Quest for the Lost Maya". On MPTV 10 at 9PM.
Agree! RT : It comes down to content. If people find your info/opinions/humor relevant to them, they don't count posts.
I hope 3Com is in that list! 3Com 4evr
yeah no? Lol not happening
Also, just wondering about the 'tinyurl' s that I'm seeing here. Just realizing I'm not sure how to do that!?!?
glory road is such a phenomenal movie
were you late too?
S/O to for actually being a good ass friend! We need to chill soon bro! I still got your Bulter hoodie lol
Again! Drinking beer someone join
Your business sounds fab. Just signed up for beta & updates. Really useful!! :)
I will never visit if you have a cat
Album cover shoot today with one of Chicago's best rappers. Long, hot Chicago day!!!
Follow us at to get and updates in one place.
The Atlanta Lawyer's Bowling League posted an awesome article on how to bowl. Lawyers/Bowlers should check out ALBL.
Leaders must be close enough to relate to others, but far enough ahead to motivate them.
If Ur The Real Deal Help Me Out N Rock Our Gear
yes sir I in fact do!
hey I'm upset so you should try to make me laugh a lot during your stickam okay
Pony's today!
Beautiful sunny day here at Moorea! Come on down
I'll be home saturday night before easter then i have monday off but i'm going back to school monday night, so not long hbu?!
I'm planning a cheap vacation for us for a few days in may to Newport Beach. Mmk?
I met someone who works with from at #pla12. i love my small #library world!
Pairing Wine & Chocolate – Martin Ranch Winery
You gotta ask for the Reference Book of Whatever from behind the ref desk but you might *never* get to see the Encyclop of Gay Sex
im going to be on for a little while. i will be back tho. in a couple days
These guys are good!! If you haven't seen or heard them yet, now is the time!!
A7: Attending chats like this and being a part of several business groups. I love listening to motivational podcasts too!
Creepers and evil fast food merchants can't get me down today because is coming home!! 6-1/2hrs until I get her from the airport!
You must be if that was all you have to say after all this silence!
I am standing in line for you now. See you when you get here!
oh wow so you won't get there till 3pm or so well that's cool if you see us say HI
seriously? I enter all of my info and then you give me a message saying what's in my cart is sold out? You're worse than Target.
Timmy the bullshitter more like still no fucking no and im all out
Love that she doesn't even seem to notice she is doing that... gotta love it on some level!
April fools!
Since I'm not running the marathon tomorrow, I'm sitting around making motivational graphics for my dear friend who is.
yes, those yell hounds have no respect for speed limits RT : Police with speed cameras on Herne Hill this evening. AT LAST
#sla2010 in politics today, we're self-validtng our beliefs: Carville
everything thats shining aint always gonna be gold
Top Chef Canada: Episode Six - LifeStyler
So I see there are 2 job fairs in town today- they both ended 3 minutes ago. SMH
I want that life. I just wish it were easier to accomplish...
Watching #AnthonyBourdain's #TheLayover in SF makes me feel so proud to live in the best city in the world!
What is 1 serving of vegetables? 1 cup of raw leafy vegetables (e.g. lettuce/celery), ½ cup other vegetables or ¾ cup vegetable juice.
Do ya think about me still? Do ya? do ya?
See His Dick Stay Hard >>>
well thats good!!
Know someone who wants more info about joining PRD? Have them email and come to the open skate tomorrow at 6pm!
Musings: Solve your own problems. Change initiated happens before change waited on.
Just found out that I was too late for the role! I am going to watch this, & I might just dress up like Annette Fleming anyways.
I predict theo and tito are in chicago next season...but what do I know about baseball.
St. Joseph Medical Center is hosting a blood drive today from 11-5 p.m. in Lagerquist Room B. It’s fast and you'll get a snack!
really?! Thanks dude!!
nothing like listening to Hector Lavoe in the morning..."Vamos bailar la Murga...la Murga de Panama"
is your date in school
like it when I have more then one active download... I enjoy watching them race to see who will win.
If today feels anything like yesterday I might have to get some crabs and sit out and enjoy the weather
Beanie Wells or Ryan Grant ?
you know it homie
#SxSW is a bioterror dream. 50K people from all over, in close proximity. In hopefully unrelated news, I feel sick.
Ethics violations? RT : Yes, past performance does indicate future results. I will change Washington not manage the decay.
Someone come rub this BUNYUN for me , So I REALLY KNOW IT'S REAL !
Finished my first screenplay ever, a Dutch comedy pilot! Now it's off to its first readers. Scary!
i do not have an older brother. now i am a little bit scared.
I never said I was a Colts fan, I was only fond of them because I was a #PeytonManning fan. And next year it'll be a new team
Don't talk about it, be about it!
Welp, off to St. Louis we go! I'm up in the first session, so by 3:30pm 2mrw, I'll be feeling much calmer & all will be fun (I hope)
Make plans to join NEW to male your voice heard around community developments & community benefits on Feb 20th at St.Matthew's. Call...
just looked it up, I'm down
cant believe all 3 lanes in the pool were full at 0430 today!! #whatiswrongwithyoupeople #sleepinalittle :-)
should be interesting to see how things shake out
Marion barber is such a #scrub. single handedly lost the bears the game
good seeing ya V!
ONE WORD - ADELE!!!!
1. Plug up holes in ur AC unit w/ plastic film, foam or caulking. This boosts insulation around older windows where drafts are most likely.
Thanks for your advice! I'm not sure how patient I'll be with rice before trying alcohol (one form or another.)
Today is the day, the last game of our football season. HU @ Delaware State 1pm
I think a YouTube channel with tv shows playing with tweets popping up would make bank.
#YouSoundLikeAVaginaSwag “: That means so much to me! #EmotionalSwag”
#Str8LykeDes... In my eyes "Love is like a battlefield".....
Zuckerberg needs some eyeliner, or maybe an eyepatch + cutlass.
really weird about Hardy/Anderson since, at least in the latter's case, he is very rough but the two seemingly work together.
thanks for tweeting about the show
Working with the youth entrepreneurship network of Philadelphia teaching SEO and Social Media Marketing!
ya but what's the point in staying nothing so hat Monday thank u
no Seth. Playing reserves tomorrow...
RT : Getting homesick...I miss bluegrass, a good hike, views of the mountains and so much more./maybe a compromise to KY :)
Enjoying your evening?
time travel .
On now on we vs A. Smith ...the rivalry begins...NOW!!
At #ISTE11 opening keynote! And so it begins...
Makin' it halfway through the week.
Nice!!! I should do the same RT I have decided that today will be my Friday😊
You acting kinda shady. Ain't calling me baby. Boy you playing games.
Got tickets to the NCAA East Regional tournament games at TD? Stop by for a pre/postgame meal and drink!
let's not get too carried away how bout we go for winning two in a row first...
Larry Dean Hamm Jr. - Jefferson Post
my crush is six foot im like at the bottom of his neck lmao
Hey read ur story, I thought it was cute... I'm on the site too... my user name is JBPolkadottedgiraffe15 =) Follow back?
Good morning. Twitter
Trying to sing just like another artist is like being a carwash in Seattle.
have fun and be safe
"Suite of Old American Dances" is a piece you'll hear at our July 10th concert. Win tickets by finding a performance of this piece online.
My dads letting me blast 1D in the car and he likes them!
it was great to see you last night for the CTD film opening night! Miss you all!
love you tom!
DC: Fenty keeps screaming about GRAY's tour at DHS. while serving as TRUSTEE; didn't FENTY steal money from an elderly man? Of course he did
At Cleveland Public Theatre to see Not The Flying Stupendas. Last weekend...closes on Sat.
they say "smart phone, dumb head"
I just fell off a crew ship. Took a hard, violent fall. Kinda pinballed down. Hit a lot of railings. Broke a lotta shit
yo do you have a contact on Kris?
I guess Hidden Chronicles is the new replacement for farmville.
#BoyHoeLyrics hey i just met you and this is crazy but heres my penis so suck it maybe
I see. Thanks!
Coach Sark, any chance the white helmets will be sold as a mini? I have a gold and an all purple.
"Oh, so what you're saying is that the records are *old*? Pardon me, I misspoke. Old records can be thrown away."
Just got to the shoot location.. It's at a place called Deja Vu... Yes it's a gentleman's club.. This should be interesting
"I know we're doing CSS right now, but don't SASS me." I get bonus nerd points for making a CSS joke.
It's so interesting to participate in a marketing conference on social TV and see how marketers market to each other :-)
thanks, I've been wondering what's up!
Ugh its monday btw #GM tweethearts!
Text marketing - Come in tonight and get $7 off dinner for two! 20 customers that wouldn't normally be there show up!
College writing class nd after attempting my online class!
Can I have a show of hands? Who gives a flying fuck what anyone in Iowa gives a damn about ?
Morning coffee meeting at Republic of Coffee in NoHo .
Ha...asparagus. I just meant as opposed to another object.
Ah, first time "ever" seemed a little odd!
SO CALL ME MAYBE!!!
Blurry avi's= cheap phones
Be wary of raising $ from friends and relatives. You are betting more than money!
Lovin this OSU defense. Hopefully they can keep up the intensity.
W/tweet #2001, I note my plan to see a visionary film I've waited decades for: assemble 3:10 in Empire 25 lobby for the 4pm
Rihanna’s Shocking Tweet — Is She Bisexual?
Happy Mothers Day to my two bestfriends & the best mothers eevarrr!!!
It's our regular hours! It really, REALLY sucks here!
Take a good look at your life......make it count,see life as a good thing to be lived fully
Celts in 7 and Close game tonight
Men who don't take care of they children should be registered like sex offenders
who's Dustin? like Dylan and Austin combined?
awww see you ain't right! okay i will help out in the kitchen but he's mine in the bedroom. you too young! <payback lls
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, or better yet, HAPPY SWEET 16!!! I hope it's the best and you get lots of presents:)
wonders what my dogs do all night to sleep all day.
Lololol Maybye.? I Did Then Saw Me Nd She Was Finna Whoop Me
Good! I'll hit you up soon
Goodnight guys.. xox
Well let's fix that! Let me know when you'd like to swing by.
Happy birthday!!! Sorry about the Lexus...
Happy Birthday to my favorite fiancee !
haha, yeah i guess :P
If you love Latin Jazz Yoshis Oakland is the place to be this weekend for Armando Peraza, John Santos and Orestes Vilato. Armando's 85thbday
There is no worse sound in the universe than that pop-y, dance-y, techno-y music that plays on the radio and everywhere you go in LA!!!
Follow back Bakare!
Hahaha yeah i know rite:D
not at this point. We are still working on expanding international distribution. Komaki and Great Wall are the closest to you.
Sup twitter ?
going to florida with isabel on the 24th! cant wait!
is it on now
what was he fined that much for?
It's a Neil Simon month starting this week 'Rumors' and 'The Odd Couple'
Happy Mother's Day to all of the great mothers out there
yes definitely worth a listen! Try oxford comma or something off first album...
ELEVATE A LITTLE HIGHER #rusher baybies n_n
don't worry, Hubbard's back is basically destroyed.
Upstairs Downstairs on KZSU Stanford at 9pm tonight! Check it out!!!
36 o's so im riding round wit that nina
That's one of our tenants- I LOVE that place. I'm sad to leave downtown but I know there will be good stuff out there as well.
Who's going to wood and barrel aged today?
"Oh when you were young, did you question all the answers?" I've been awake since 2:30 am; Crosby Stills & Nash on Pandora understands me.
I see #Alcatraz hasn't dropped the gratuitous violence though :-(
You stole that scene Robin. Ha! Can't wait to see Saturday's episode. Lots of fun at Quality Social last night.
Im with the Celtics now they've always been my second favorite team Rondos biggest fan <3 :)))
my boyfriend just got ahold of me. He said Bud is fine.
Wow - Season Finale of was so good!
This fucking computer holy mother
Love the madness!!!! RT : Six hours ago, there were 4,728 perfect brackets on #TournamentChallenge. Now? Zip. Zero. Nada. NONE.
Flatbread: Grilled Chicken, Bacon, Tomato, Spinach, Parmesan peppercorn Soups: Watermelon Gazpacho or Korean Pork & Vegetable
Cried in front of a teacher cause I'm dropping a class. Forever embarrassed... And it's cause I love the people just not the class. :(
I hope god has a big gnose that would help justify mine.
give me a day or two, and I'll be handing out the "sneak peeks" as always;)
I'm feeling the Newest Jagged Edge Album! "The Remedy" NICE!)
They mean it literally. Google's product will actually search out your Dropbox account and delete it.
one week of school... then fun begins :-) summer work! (really though, super pumped!) Hoping everyone is appreciating their awesome Tuesday!
Umm wait what does your questions range from? Like subject wise?
RT : Congratulations to on his Spot News photo award with the NY Press Club!
#ThingsThatAnnoyMe people that I fucking hate giving me dirty ass looks, and everything else they do
that's not skip
Yes, but consider who praise is from. MT : Honestly, all the praise for Obama now makes his "evolution" look even more craven.
Performed Ave Maria at grandparents 60th wedding anniversary. Became a Godmother and watched my grandparents renew their vows. Very moving!!
anyone know how to make twitter let you follow more people?
This concludes the best weekend ever
I Tongue Kiss Her Other Tongue Skeet Skeet Skeet Water Gun Ohh.. My.. God.. Becky.. Look At Her Butt
But wants to dirty my dishes, use my bathroom, rub there fragrance into my clean clothes, & eat my food.
You got an extra seat under the shade over there?!
i hope... In his remaining contract idk maybe if the yanks resign him after this contract
I think WordCamp SF will be in August this year. If you come up for it, hit me up!
AGC to hit on Tuesday.
Bonjour , I’m so sorry to hear your experience was anything less than exceptional Please email
Merry x mas to all my people abd im happy I got to c today
#rememberwhen u would try to stay up all night for xmas
is at the Irish Fest getaway
how you been?
"Nacho Daddy" is an actual restaurant chain.
I as an American citizen would like to say that I'm very sorry. Now how about, you're sorry for beating a blind man & his family?
here sit ... Catch me at mid court
A lawful kiss is never worth a stolen one.
It soon became clear that #SAFE is an org that had flown under the radar for so long, that accountability had gone out the window
please follow back?? :)
I wish my girlfriend was straight edge :(
Nice to finally catch up with the guru of crisis communications,
Totally agree
Rick Jaklitsch & Debbie Potter of The Jaklitsch Law Group named to the Maryland Super Lawyers list as one of the top attorneys in MD-2012.
still killin time. finna see this movie with !!!
spank you!
Get ready: starting this monday, we will be giving away $1,000 in boston restaurant gift cards right before our launch &
Today is already so boring
Yes. Go! RT : Srsly what is the protocol when someone you don't even like to follow gets arrested for dumb stuff? Do yo
I deleted my facebook to the fullest extent they apparently support. Twitter? I think it's under control and not as harmful. Just mindless.
RT : Cooper-Hewitt Members: RSVP for April 25 Private Viewing of Print/3D Exhibition at Material ConneXion-...
I'm confused. Why r cities like MKE having St. Patrick's parades today? Isn't the holiday next Saturday?
you serious!?!?! idc! cookies!
Just met the new staff of the new Buffalo Wild Wings at the Woods. Where are you ??!! (also in with )
These strawberries are killing me. I can't even move my arms without pain..
One Monkey don't stop no show, but 2 red monkeys would make dat show super Live!
TONIGHT no love? relationship expert Rabbi Sherre Hirsch gonna fix that on my show 9-11pm (pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
send me those school pics of the 11s :(
think about this. hes very critical and abhors tone deafness...so.if he heard a lil and wants more, chances are your good
RADIO RIOT TONIGHT!
About to check out the Wed show , I am excite.
traveling can be exhausting i can't wait to get home
RT: If she stands up to u without being intimidated truly sees YOU for who u really are & calls u on ur bullcrap #ThatsHonestLove"
Thanks for the mentions. I'm looking forward to your presentations at #NESHCO2012 too!
LOL! You want for real? You can have some if you want.
Damn, something big must've happened. Something like 15 fire trucks/ambulances just went down Hanna.
Nyjer Morgan is my least favorite player in baseball.
You totally made my night by following me! Have a wonderful Mother's Day! XOXO Ciao Bella!
then take it back!
Aww, this #fakeMAtowns #fakeMAtown thing is making me homesick. Does Worcester count? No one knows how to pronounce it so it's barely real.
wow had a great weekend with everyone(: went to rolla hung with friends then spent sunday with the most amazingest person ever(:
“: Enjoying life today....#inspired”
Beautiful pic! Happy Mother's Day!
the reviews keep coming
Thanks for the follow ...
She stabbed me.... With a pen
I just hate on them 'cause all they do is click bait stories, they are getting more Gawker media every day.
Presents the Battle of the Bands Finals at Jaxx in Springfeild,VA this Saturday September 25th!
I want a million dollars.
or at least until you pee...
MG's Theron Baumann field event performer of the meet, winning shot put and discus titles.
Make one today! RT : Usually a blend of sweet tea, lemonade, a splash of sprite. God Bless Texas.
And I left my phone at Brass Monkey...
Awesome tour of Chicago's pedway thanks to , Now to finish #Neverwhere!
A foggy Bay of Fundy Monday. Views were limited, but walking on the ocean floor @ low tide was amazing.
Like the front-load idea. Also keeping track of unanswered questions throughout year.
Hence, internships. :) RT "No one has ever learned skills from a lecture session." #aam2011 most learn by doing.
Well, my week away from the madness of Job Corps coming to an end! Back to busted old Flint Sunday morning.
:D About Tree fitty
media loves to hate the Bills. You support a team thick and thin.
lol, well let's do it.
"you're the one thing I can't get enough of... so I'll tell you something, this could be love" 🎤 dirty dancing makes me smile :)
good luck! :)
You are welcome. Best of luck in your PR career.
DJ Christoff confirmed that you can say Douche Bag on the radio.
You act like that cause ya on dat dope!
Happy Good Friday! don't forget to join the Twitter chat w. Becky today @ 6p.m. CST!
Set your calendars for record store day! It is next Saturday, April 21st. Look for exclusives from #theflaminglips and other WEA artists
words that describe a certain non-profit
#GoTribe Mahalo to everyone at the Int'l Cultural Night at W&M! What fun & it was our pleasure to represent Polynesi...
Something I do not enjoy doing is calling consultants about ridiculous consults because "the attending wants it". Not my style.
that's what I do....Badger tweets day and night!
Happy Birthday! <3 Save some of your bday money so we can go to Cotton On with !
A big Happy Birthday goes out to
| Thanks for the follow. It's hard for penguins to peddle, but we are all in favor of anything that helps promote community!
conditions considered by FDA are Asthma, Diabetes, High blood pressure, High cholesterol & Migraines. seam reasonable?
my mom and I are making a video to call me maybe out back , nobody will ever see it 😂
remember the original?
What A Boring Ass Thursday -_- Where's The Excitement At ?!
Jesus saves ;-)
You just made fun of someone with a walking disability. Man, you're so cool.
Parks and Rec IS the best comedy on network television right now. Last night's episode...brilliant!
Jaw muscles can contract with a force as great as 55 pounds of pressure on anterior incisors, and 200 pounds of pressure on back molars.
What's good?
Got the highest grade in my Econ class.
Is this the WNBA or heat v. Celtics?
Bravo Andy replied to me today and tweeted me hugs and kisses XOXO ...well it was more like xxoo but it meant samething lol love him!
Facebook's friend suggestion list "People You May Know" is basically all the people on your shit list.
If youre having a bad day, just slip into your favorite leather dress and go out. Instant, temporary cure. Lol.
Crazy RT : Bynum and Gasol combined stats are ridiculous.
I did when did I post them month ago? I blocked jack and his bunch then
Nobody lives forever, but especially not that homeless person I just ran over
Picture this we were both butt naked banging on the bathroom floor ;) gotta love
Knicks to meet with Mike Miller first. Apparently they didn't stop being retarded when Isiah Thomas got the boot
What have you done to amuse me lately?
Heyyyyo, welcome to the Tweet world :)
Enjoy some Baker Babes Bakery sweets with your brunch this Friday at McCormick & Schmick's restaurant at Beachwood Place mall.
It's a lik to late to say that your Sorri now!:/
Hello Chicago
love watching Amy & adam on screen and online.
I JUST saw that. Still can't see how they killed a guy....
May be wearing my tattered Edmonton Oiler touque thus winter with extra pride - #1 team in the NHL right now!
And, light reading before bed? Refresher of Stephanie Watkins' "Practical Considerations for Humidifying and Flattening Paper"
I want a maid
Not a thing! RT So it's not even 10am & I'm already thinking about a beer at tonight. Anything wrong with that?!
Glad to have a visit from Pam Yuen!
I couldnt be a gang-member . . . Why would I wanna "repp" & "own" this igly ass neighborhood. My dream is to get the fuck OUTAHERE!
goal for today is to build a full product database, with vendor links, prices, images, descriptions, resale price, and.... SMILEY PIES!!!
I'm sure at this point it's as much in search of a cafe as it is a strong case for itself.
Thanks for the follow and
Loving Today's Post On - Check it Out!!!
How goes the ficcing?
Just watched the segment from In a Pit With a Lion in small group this week and just drove by Einstein. Way cool!
An ad after every post?! Are you serious?!
Completely random #FF to
Back home home after an amazing time in SF. Thank you and for making me feel like a local. :)
i didn't get a platinum bundle... oh well! Justin, wanna help me get one? just kidding!
#RIPDonna Extremely saddened by the loss of legendary musician Donna Summer! Her songs of love, loss, & heart will be her beautiful legacy.
thanks for the follow! Please spread the word about
Probably right. But I'll wait to see for myself. Seems like a silly stunt for a place like MSG
I feel you on this! A good friend of mine who is gay, single and lonely is against gay marriage. Pisses me off!
It looks like we now have 500+ fans! Thanks again, everyone! Stay tuned for free giveaways~
Well played Indiana, well played.
Beauty come from being truthful, but the truth is not always beautiful.
I love how you don't think your fatt :p I see defending his mcnuggetsss
OMG...she looks like Kramer on the Seinfeld episode when he couldn't stop smoking cigars!
follow back search Boston your people I am sure like gourmet coffee
really hope y'all come to Milwaukee...
Time to pen the screenplay!
good luck Trev
pretty much...there's a lot of world & people u haven't discoverd yet #WARREN UP lol we on da eastside of Detroit
Is that coconuts??? Lol
90's Nick shows.... There is nothing better
Some people have the best jobs ever!
Just heard fabulous talk by on the Digital Asset Grid #innotribe #swift at #telco2 New Digital Economics conference.
haha thats an other word for it
I just saw a banner ad for "luxury addiction rehab" and my first thought was that it was for treating people who were addicted to luxury...
Just 4 more people needed to reach 300 members! Log on to Facebook now and join,"The $1 Million Facebook Experiment." It's for charity.
Join us for lunch today the best BBQ PORK sandwiches in town.
On this date in 1962 ‘Mashed Potato Time by Dee Dee Sharp was #1 on the charts. We <3 anything food related ;)
Me 2 boo :-( RT : I got this drank in my cup #meoww wish yeww were here
A foolish man tells a woman to stop talking, but a wise man tells her that her mouth is extremely beautiful when her lips are closed.'
thanks hun hope u been gud dont be a stranger
Brez not sellin out these days?
Yes it is, thanks! I'm going to draw a winner in May.
Just because they won't be at the Thanksgiving table, doesn't mean that U should forget about them. At least, remember to pray for them.
Unions/Dems/Libs just can't understand that the gravy train is gone. We're broke.
Check out our calender on myspace.com/7blueskies for upcoming show dates.
would you like some ice with that water?
WordPress - seven sites and growing. Love it!
My future iPad to be unveiled today.
Vive la revolution! and long may it continue.
Back at work today! I missed you crazy kids!
Awesome! That's where I am now. I move April 30th so let me know when you're free for coffee or something!
Smoke haze over Santa Fe this morning, but not nearly as bad as Cochiti.
Keep ya mind on ya riches
Sure, that would be great! Come and grab me anytime. I will join the eMarketing & Mobile Track tomorrow
I need to stop shopping =/
Jessica alba :D
That's the life! RT : All the things I really like to do are either illegal, immoral, or fattening
Moving forward Swiftly & Smoothly!
Are there any more bands you guys want me to check out? Tweet me the links!
that place rules! /via <-- it really does!!
Well, it's 1 a.m. Better go home and spend some quality time with the kids.
Favorite performance so far - Bocelli & Blige
Yep, I see it now.
My baguette doesn't fit in my backpack and my pants are covered in flour... I love Saturdays!!
Oh it's getting deep!!!!
We'd Luv 2 C U act. This Saturday U can join R online casting director class with L.A. Casting Director Ty Harmon. Start time 10 a.m PST
What? Kilo Kai? I got your Kilo Kai Right Here U Crazy Fucker!!!
"When I count my blessings, I count you twice"~Irish Proverb|(( ))~HvAGr8nite!
coordinating #BOOST sampling events in FL, cant help but sing in my head "I drink a Boost for breakfast, an ensure for dizzertt"
NEW SHOW ANNOUNCEMENT: GIRL IN A COMA, PINATA PROTEST & SARA RADLE!!! May 10th @ Tricky Falls!!! Looking for an opener!!!
1st softball game of the season mañana :D
on Monday.... On Wednesday op no Friday wait wait no Tuesday
Anyone else having trouble with their status on FB???
Tiger will go into the weekend with the lead...
Getting ready to tear down 1PC to rebuild, 1PC troubleshooting and re-install SuperOS on the work horse may be out of touch for a few hours
TY so much for the RT of my latest blog. I know u help ur students this way! 2gether we make a difference.
cannot get enough !!!!
Ha! Okay that one made me laugh, hilarious. Both what he's doing and you're reaction.
Defying gravity.. and no one can bring me down.
You just got love Iowahawk. He is THE wit to follow.
NPR just sampled Black and Yellow then transitioned into a story about online prostitution. My life is complete.
love it too! Thanks for the post :)
well thank you young lady! I'm blushing hard and so glad you like my pics! ;-) your great yourself
Burke is up, talks about how she is involved in our district.
me too
San Diego St. hits desparation last shot and wins...
just started tech school bro Wbu?
at least Saito didn't run with the same luck as Gallardo with that terrible call.
Ditto. RT Missed seeing you at
Please Please Please follow me good afternoon bonita
I mean its one thing that I would have to pay for my dress and hair and everything but its another when u make a stranger ur MOH. Smh
: Teacher prep programs don't prepare teachers to teach skills like tinkering and iteration
Anyone? Anyone? Talent needs representation. RT : I think an agent that specializes in toes would be fantastic...
I’ve loved for a while. Good service, affordable, carbon neutral.
San Antonio: DENSE FOG ADV. Until 10am. This aft. will be warm, breezy. This W/E will be cool & m/sunny. Today: AM Fog, M/cloudy, high 80.
that was me
Party on Fremont Street. Woot Woot!!!!
No market predictions but Dow 7500 could happen in 6 months. I said COULD. Short selling works in any market.
#GymTime legs and shoulders... Who else want some??
i got my first pay check♥
time to live life now patty cakes
taking a mini break for a few hours from promoting on ,doing my laundry, listening to and reading APMAG.
Smells of
lol, but would you rather do that or sit bored in the library & see #AustinR awkwardly smiling & making noises @ his laptop?
He can't have the fund unless he's being investigated/charged. Unless he's not, then having a fund is itself breaking the law
Can you help us with the digital divide here in DC? One of our goals for 2011
Geometry should be fun tomorrow.
Anyone on myspace.
ooohhh the bengals almost come out with the win. lol
thanks so much!
Up not giving a fuck.
That looks pretty cool... Have you tried it?
Crossing fingers!
hell yeah !!
Termites outweigh humans by almost ten to one.
2 more days until Christmas!
Just spotted Colin Powell coming to lunch at StateDept! Starstruck moment.
Nolan's growth as an action director between Begins and TDK was staggering. Less shaky cam and better pacing of scenes.
good luck...:P
Thanks for the shout out!!
Dat Ass will be my only playland by the time I get my hands on it. Hehehe.
The Blind Side is truly such an inspiring movie. I love Sandra Bullock <3
Can't believe we lost
it's a true story. Lol
If so "This is such a pity" by Weezer is a great song. The new Eclipse by metric is great too. ;)
As cool as it going to get. Im good though.
On our way to and saw Angelyne driving down Sunset.
Hope everyone had a wonderful day today .. anything good on tonight ?
Dancers, especially ballet.
RT : now back to rehearsals.
How was your food?
It's a beautiful morning of rain and clouds. Driving my daughter to school in this great weather.
thank you! I was a ballet dancer growing up. Now I do a lot of yoga, boxing and regular workouts like Barry's Bootcamp.
When going to an amusement park check to see if you can go in and out...if so then bring a healthy lunch in a cooler. Save $ & stay Healthy!
can you start posting hammers headlines on iTunes? Best part of show. Work/school, can't listen everyday.
I Know right! I want Either 8 Flavahz or Mos Wanted to win... but, as you said, no clear winner yet @
While I'm alert/away from my thesis, a question: if I held a tea party on a random Tuesday morning in July, would people want to join in?
"Somebody to Love" - Justin Bieber
Need two female promo girls in Philly tomorrow! 8am-3pm downtown. Please email your contact # ASAP!
me too! We're doing something for National Craft Month mid-May. I'll reach out soon with the deets!
Heard the first Nokia Lumia ad on the radio just now. Sounded great until they got to the part about AT&T...
He's right though.....1am is just too late. I feel that way now that NFL ends at midnight on Sun/Mon re: Herd
Bottomlinesecrets for people in the know. Subscribe
A hello to the readers from Iraq...:)
Ladies stop wearing them pajama pants and them dirty uggs!! Especially if your in your 30a
thats why i did it on twitter. posting it on facebook makes me look like a hypocrite lol
Looks like Lebrons gon have to do it by himself. -_-
I wonder if it's a bad time to order pizza right now??? O_o
Hey , thanks for the follow. You provide a great, innovative service. You are one, cool, green endeavor.
very cool! Is Lisa local? IAEOU! Love it.
Maybe Tiger and Toyota should team up for a comeback with the slogan: “Tiger and Toyota, we swear we can stop.”
Learning is not attained by chance, it must be sought for with ardor and attended to with diligence. -Abigail Adams
Long story short, while listening to Say Somethin my ovaries exploded.
in 11 yrs I have never been to an after hours ch 3 event!
If the most qualified candidate is a woman then yes. If not, then no. What a person brings to the table matters, gender doesnt.
Ok! I will(: Bye
They'll blow it in the tournament. Holy Cross Part II.
Another busy day! Lots accomplished yet again! feeling great. I hope you all had a wonderful day as well!!
dunkin it is, plus they are cheaper!
My work here is drunk.
“: Decided to open a nice California cab and finally sit down and watch Bottle Shock. #AmericaFuckYea” <um....#Jealous enjoy>
If you walked a mile in my shoes,it would feel like you'd be walking an eternity.they would be run down to their soles,with holes in them.
Helping friends in need. Always a good idea!
Waiting for the proof to come back for the first book VERUM: TRUTH...
Did anyone else see "Brothers" this weekend? Was I the only one not impressed with the movie?
We need to see more of it. Oh, and someone needs to put some hits on Torres.
Ill be a blogger. I love my 3 dogs. It is my 2nd pack of 3.
Alan Kay: "Reality is a waking hallucination." "We hit the baseball without really seeing it."
need a global day of debt forgiveness, from nations to individuals.
RT : thank you for your encouragement! ~ Sending lots of love & blessings your way!
I Thank God For Tupac
Awakened by the quake.
Omg i hate wearing my tight shoes cuz The fucking rain fucks up my shoes!! Ha not wearing any good shoes this whole week blahh..
#BecauseOfNicki I have this moment for life :-D
Just so we're all on the same page, food that makes you poop a lot is the best
No one in all of human history has gotten obese on steak.
You're everything I never knew I needed & all I want for the rest of my life! I wear your last name with love & pride!
Another sunny day with highs in the low to mid 50's. Enjoy a beautiful January day!
Mike Allen and the #Politicolive folks should learn how to pronounce Oshkosh.
we're kick ass at modesty. Nobody's more modest. We won a modest contest by not showing up. Ha.
SoCal Newsletter just went out and are on with Leno tonight. Good #Berklee day.
imy too! You know I'm here for you.... Keep your head up..... Things will get better soon
The future starts today, not tomorrow. ~ Pope John Paul II
our own about to pitch about #fundcrowd at
re CrowdStrike. Fight snake oil with snake oil!
lmaooo for real?!
Blessed are those who hunger and thirst for righteousness, for they will be filled. -Matthew 5:6
drink tea and take a hot bath, that what i do when i am
new in #kohails 3.4: easily see guarantee's checkouts and circulation from parent/guardian's patron record
Thanks for following - Looking forward to your updates!
RT : RU going to enjoy Tequila on Cinco de Mayo? What is your favorite sipping tequila? Please share & follow 2 ...
Congrats to for winning the $30 Gift Certificate to For Goodness Grape! Ck my blog for details to claim your prize! Yay!
Working with the door and window open. Can't beat that -- lovin' the cooler weather here in Charlotte today.
last year
True...I'm too nice to people sometimes :/
Even my grandma in Cinci Ohio knows the deal & calls me just to say is gonna be on their news
OMG Adam and Jon
Wow Lakers had a 16 point lead half way through the 3rd qtr...
Damn 1500 to get the car fixed!
@ FarmAid Even though I am just a Pug, even I know the answer to that..YES!!!
oh yeah well i'm just really stupid.. HOW BOUT THAT?! ;o uhm i dont know, my dads all confusedededed and said probablyy
what is kmrt ?
i see you value time, 7th track in, good to know when you're having a conversation with someone.
For sure! Very much looking forward to the #Tonys!
I never lie!
Account Executive for growing Milwaukee office! IT Sales, recruiting, or any hands on IT experience is ideal. Call me ASAP! 608-827-8882
Remember that failure is an event, not a person. - Zig Ziglar
Well party peoples, my computer is not turning on and I need to recover my files- eeiikkk!!! Not givin up just yet though cuz JESUS SAVES!!
:) i had a great day
Now time to make it home tonight/Thursday!
RT: It sucks going from talking to someone everyday, to not at all.But things change, sometimes for the best I guess.
Our Ward 6 town hall meeting with tonight starts at 6:30 at the Atlas Performing Arts Center at 1333 H Street NE
..LMAO when did you start keeping a bucket list??..Hope you having fun and tip the strippers well...
#Bookkeeping Tip: #Payroll #deductions to buy company merchandise can be made only on an aftertax basis.
We're installing a new, better antenna! We should be back on FM in another week or so, til then stream us online or through our app!
Coolest cause in Madison is help out...or if you need a xmas gift...check em out!
Great job Hawks, one more to go....let's get this round over with tomorrow!
did you see anyone in concert this month?
This argument is the funniest ever!!!
I found an awesomely creative Sherlock/Addams Family crossover a while back, if you're interested..? Multi-part, too.
I get nervous bout ppl lookin at my pics
Hey tweet-hearts!!! thanks for the following GreyLineMap. Check out here for news, upcoming promos and fun tweets!
hey whats good
I wonder how long it took for them to do the entire set!?
Why did you give minnesota a run?
me to
hey Craig! It's my birthday! :D
hearing music tonight don't want to miss it
How is that even possible?
refuses to tolerate anymore lies from Obama haters. I love my president. He's doing a good job. He's American. You suck!
we got 9 scores recorded for you (z4c-bn)
End violence v women now. Hundreds stromg @ MN Capitol
If you won a beta key in a contest here or on another site, keys should go out this weekend, after the server folks give the thumbs up!
Umm can I add my 2 cents...
They just went to a local corner, found a crack head, cleaned him up and told him to say it was sunny.
yeo um we should smoke at my house try to call me whn u get this.
which backstreet boy are you gonna steal?
Amy Sederis (on David Letterman) "I'm scared of you and librarians"
oh well follow me though!
Crazy my nigga peace
I thought you'd like this, ": The Marines: You'll have no greater friend, or no worse an enemy."
you don't have to keep tweeting that the contest is over
Magnify the promises rather than the problems.
Add BBC/PBS to the list of things capable of terrifying me.
sometimes I don't understand what they want me to buy
I should start making rant videos... There are some people in society I can't believe even exist haha
do people really care these days...would some1 really giv their life for u?? That'd only B true love <3
ayyy can I get a check? Nahh, we straight
Sometimes I feel like 👩🔫 in this class
Watched and the Umbrella Man and play a great show tonight at the D&W.
heard it like a month ago... Shit is an understatement
#thosethreewords free indian food!
One of the worst movies of all time. I do not under stand its appeal.
Does anyone have McNamee's cell?
Has to be my lawful devotion to Avenged Sevenfold
ready to kill a hoe, I sense the spring crazies in the air delayed a few months :D
nada just at home chillin. What you up to?
thanx for the follow
you have great tweets
Keita starting with Cesc on the bench.
Hello my love <3
People in accounting are talking about how they don't like it when puppies become older dogs. They legitimately love the puppy stage.
it's kelsey, c: thank you! i'm going to put them in a wawantsbieber vid, c: i made an intro!
Mike Woodson is going to be Knicks coach Dolan will not have Woody drop agent then hire Phil dats nots going 2 happen
for for sharing the Magic Button. It has come in handy at least twice today.
Is Kevin Gregg still on the #orioles? Bullpen went 8 last night & he's still not being used with a big lead. Buck = smart!
Do you do any weights?
Thanks! I will!
Why does 96.7 and 97.5 play the exact same songs? The radio is soo annoying!
oh damn your into alottaa shows lololololol
This morning we are in Fontana and Rancho Cucamonga Court for DUI's. Think people still drink and drive?
#NWHW Community members identified physical inactivity to be 1 of the top public health issues-Text HEALTH to 300400 for help getting active
follow me<3 Please.
you posted this on twitter?! REALLY???!!!! (well, i guess you're trying to promote your new hobby!) :-p
This world is a crazy place, and I'm happy to be a part of it.
when the fuck you started following me anyways dude im fina just block yo goofy ass i refuse to see you down my tl
i swear its crazy the amount of girls i know that are "in a relationship" but act single af
Worst day every
Crazy thunder and lightening!
im so proud of all of you you've come so far!
Not gonna lie, I'm not so good with Twitter.
fucking $150??? WTF?! my hair is at the maximum length only 3 inches!!
I think you mean dibs. Lol
Agreed. That waiting and wondering can suck the life out of you. Hang in there, superstar!
RT: #AGuyShould stick to one girl. You don't get a team of 6 of them.
haha that's cute John! When did you go back to brown?
RT : Religion has it right. There IS only ONE true God. They're only wrong in believing He loves and belongs solely to......
So there's people fighting in the street , I'm just like ;o Jose Luis ! Jose Luis ! Lol
Two weeks with no problems!
. #CRUNCHthatSHIT baby!! I miss my crew!! #SXSW isn't the same without ya.
Well ATL did play hard and good defense. But Doc knows his team so that to me meant he knew they were gassed
Diligence is the mother of good fortune
Wow!! How's England over there?? I live here in LA , Cali I wish u the best 2012!!! Have a great night and happy new years!!!
Thanks for sharing Jeff!
#WhenABoyFightThey Always Pull Up There Pants And Take Off There Shirt
glad you like the photos!
My hero! I'm on my way!
God morning Tweoples! Marc has a tasty batch of chili for you at the store today!
Long ass day.
Just woke up , shower ,then off to my grandmas house <3
What a long day !relaxing now
If you aint got a dream you aint got nothin, alotta n*ggas changed on me when i got money
Very cool. I heart acronyms- especially for twitter :)
yes till 8 tonight
Yeah I saw that. :(
Feraim is such a jerk!
#fb not actin retarded for once...now I can actually add people again
Nope! It's not going anywhere. I use it too.
Great thing about being dead? No more taxes!!!!
he would find me...I think big slop told on me tho...
The TASS board at the Art Institute allows excellent visitor involvement: appropriation, production and re-dissemination of media content!
up got a fucking ear infection...pain like a mufucka so i rolled me one....lets just say the herb takes the pain and welling down
at cafe cordiale with my sister. the bass player is killing:-)
for the cookies or the company? :)
You know it's a short #audition trip when ur airline sends a check-in reminder for ur return flight before you even arrive.
New Orleans is awesome. One of the most fun trips I've taken in the last few years
thanks for keeping us in mind. Hope to talk more soon.
i smoke weed by myself anyway
has a ford with a license plate that says KLUTZ
submitted for the SAG feature film Predators aka Predator 2 which will be shooting this fall in Hilo on the Big Island of Hawaii. Aloha!
Dwight Howard is out for the season and it looks like Pacers will play Howard-less Magic in first round of playoffs.
May be go time for
Thanks for the RT! See you in Orlando.
Hearts feeling heavy tonight
good morning dolls <3
Nothing makes me hungrier than a photo that immediately brings to mind the word "abortion"
Work on Tuesdays is so relaxing, I actually work on maybe 1 or 2 clients at a time....
I. Love. My. Job. Christmas lunch with the #HutchensPR team and my fabulous boss gave me an iPad!! And a raise! Did I mention I love my job?
Ah, I'm sorry, man. That's terrible news. :-(
The Best Part About Losing Your Mind Is The Peace, Serenity, And The Freedom :)
I wonder what fish smelled like before woman went swimming.
Lettuce be green. Eat more salad.
I hope Evelyn and Jennifer at least talk and show respect to one another. This show is starting to go left real quick!
Why do you guys not do a Stevie Wonder episode? I loved you guys for the reason you bring to light awesome music. Own it.
its so boring here.
Guess he felt the need to text me just rub the dirt in the wound a little more, mission accomplished #timetodrinkwho'scomingwithme
Save the Date: April 21... Edge Model Opening Party. We are very excited as the riverfront condo building starts to really develop!
Im okay, just being extra lazy :o watching basketball. Thinking about going back to my old job.
I got Instagram!!! :D
Hey guys. This is Todd.
Give peace and Candi a chance!
Ravens announce CB Cary Williams signs second round tender and signing of NT Ryan McBean.
": On the show, couldn't stop talking about how sexy she thinks Obama is." so, so so sexy!!!!
About to go get some food no thanks to Tom Hanks
the American rep theatre has a summer acting program with Russian teachers in Boston. It's a good course.
Excelent... we've been doing the chores all morning but its time to grill and the weather is Beautiful. And yours?
“: I am enriched by all points of view. #SpiritualSolutions”
why cant you just love me so i can feel beautiful
Hitting the red carpet tonight at the Laugh Factory for the LA Comedy Awards
won't follow me because when she saw that I tweeted her askin for a follow, she got so excited she passed out! ;)
Classifying back pain by duration: acute (less than 4 weeks), subacute (4 – 12 weeks), chronic (greater than 12 weeks)
Kurt Thomas has the field to choose from. Amnesty names beginning to float around and Brandon Roy is targeted. Who will sign Nene?
Stoked to be headed to Baltimore tomorrow to attend 's Right to Shoes event and meet staff and supporters.
is amazing!
Learning how to edit today. I'm long overdue.
my story is that one day I will run OWN. Bold but necessary.
Almost done with Summer. Hope to get it done today and prep for Fall done next week so I can take a real break for
My uncle spent most of his life fighting for the royalties for a Motown Copyright worth millions. He did win others didnt.
I enjoyed your post on about "Con Academy" but why'd you delete it?
Damn right.
i been ok..hbu?
I'm tryna tell u!
I'm ready for #believe. I know its gonna be incredible.
I'm limited edition 1 of 1 Please be careful when your handling me, Thank you
Making strides forward everyday #lifestooshort to was time
Excited to put BL mp3 live on our blog: betweenliberties.blogspot.com ! Child's Eyes this week, brand new song next week!
#Hiddenhouse tonight!!! and I will be dropping hot fire all night!!!!
Very sexciting! Thanks for giving me something to look forward to on Schmalentine's Day!
In the office getting caught up on emails/calls. Spending the rest of the day in the Gym. Workouts tonight at ..
It seems to me that I've lived my life like a french fry in the wind.
Thanks to all of our wonderful Day of Caring volunteers! We can't wait to see your photos and hear all about your projects!
RT : Been watching you big man keep up the great work.
Yay me!! Today I'm taking my son 2 get his cast on!! This is gonna b fun!! Wish me luck lol!!
what kind of phone do u have??? #htcamphibian lol
i'm gonna survive! i still have lots of things to do!!! I can't die yet!!!
Evil hiding among us is an ancient theme. - John Carpenter (Director)
Today kinda sucked. #figures :/
Sitting at home all day and not masturbating is the definition of self control.
Bumper to bumper traffic when I'm late as fuck is THE BEST
I still cannot get over how LEGENDARY was. I will be attempting to re-live that night for a long time.
he was dreamy in the interview. I wish i could see it, too.
Is Rafflecopter acting up for anyone else?
really? # day has been made
Friends don't let friends do stupid things •••Alone•••
Hi Arianne! We'll get you set up if you email me your model # and software version to
word up we all got to eat we a family
How far away are the Falcons from being a Super Bowl Contender? Did they have a Good Draft?
D.Hightower come on home Steelers Nation welcomes you!
Startup Breakfast has been pushed back this morning to *10am*, and it's now at the *Beehive* rather than Langermann's.
Coins to be made, bills to be paid. Good Night Twitter
“: Chalmers lil gay ass dont want none of david west” if he's gay he might... But he dont want to fight thas for sure
We just launched our 18·81 Grille Facebook page! Make sure you "Like" it so you can see our daily specials & give us feedback!
any luck w the phone?
Look at this mothafucka cheatin an gettin mad cuz he knows he cant win without help
Wow! The "Susie Shoe Shine" can get pretty interesting! LOL
The truth is the truth! Good day tweeties
Welcome back high school interns Rashida and Shakera! Glad your next semester started & that you'll be back in action this afternoon! #FUN!
Looking forward to seeing you tonight at 7:30 for our community meeting!
"Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
It is going to be cold tomorrow!!!
I want another one of those Oreo sundaes it's hot AF too!!
It's fitting to hear a good homily about marriage after last week's news. "For the Christian, marriage is a covenant, not 50/50."
“Sometimes you have to be a bitch to get things done."
Patty Mills started and had 27 points. Tiago Splitter had 26 points off the bench. The Spurs, without the Big Three, beat the Suns 110-106.
When i think about my family, I smile...blessings
lol. Its not easy at all, bro.
I'm hanging out with tonight!! Getting my dance on!!!
oh ok....I know u goin through..ur pootters are gone 4 a min
Swinging on 1st pitch
Adobe stuff is for chit on Linux, and Tweetdeck is on Air . Also TD is a huge RAM hog. Best on 64b Windows, unfortunately.
We all wanted it, now we got it. #Dreamgame2012 Go Big Blue
Waking up this morning with alot on my mine
Fletcher says he has a passion for our city.
ADDY Awards tonight...plus giving scholarships to 5 deserving students...and something from our young advertising professionals
": whats ur fan page?" Oh, by fanpage I meant this twitter account x) sorry for the confusion:P
Haven't smoked in some years, haven't drank in some months, haven't been a player n weeks, haven't fucked somethin since a few minutes ago!
calling around town to make a reservation for the craft party
Game 3 of the Playoffs is tonight! 100 Bones will be rocking it out at halftime....Game starts at 8:30... THUNDER UP!
"A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies. The man who never reads lives only one."-George R. R. Martin/A Dance With Dragons
Yes! I finally get KFC (Kentucky fried chicken) for dinner!!!!
hm... if yall watching it might be be something I might enjoy, Aud's whats the verdict so far?
miss my Cuzzo so much
Currently watching a live demo: " business one on #SAPHANA"
"I dont even know what I'm doing this fall"- I shoulda known when he brought up fall that he WAS touring with Carrie, haha!
I'm in love with wished and Sebastian
I sure hope you're right!
We have a hashtag for an exhibit with crit thinking questions on the wall. Doesn't seem 2inspire visitor-visitor discussion.
Acme Hotdogs has fresh No-bake Cookies from Appalachian Granny! Pick some up today! Cleveland Av., south of 161
A girl at the train station wears this one really cute outfit...every single day. Same exact outfit...every fricken day.
Wishing all of you a great weekend. www.globalpointpr.com
i always use to see you around south atlanta &woodstock(: i'm such a loser for not knowin' who u were in march2011-_-
Since 1982, the Car Crafters Team has provided the best collision, mechanical, and glass repair
I forgot how much sour patch kids cut up your tongue...
I hate the new longer pin code - it makes me go to the web site less often. Four was cute - now it stinks. My $.02
Was thinking the exact same thing. (last RT)
It's time to get my fix on... Theo chocolate & salted caramel...get in my belly!!
For the good of America: can we please all solemnly swear NOT to watch Charlie Sheen's Anger Management show?
More to come, Packers at Falcons, go Packers.
Agree! RT : several years later, itunes is still horrible
In line for taxi behind so many hipsters
Snuggle camp with Dad. Totally warm.
Thanks samantha! and I will!! :)
RT : Poor Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador. Worst food and worst soccer in Latin America. Share same colors on flag too.
Outside Dane County and Milwaukee County Kloppenburg got 479,000 votes and Prosser 593, 000. That hardly speaks of a Great Wisconsin Divide.
HAPPY NEW YEAR! :D
Happy Mother's Day to all the beautiful Mama's out there!! We appreciate everything you do for us, I love you Mom!!!
": Grip wide get wide. Then...wait for it...... #Beach...and Kelly's" pics of naughty girls in little please
Hello, brother. Better late to the party, than home all night alone.
you know you've known each other too long when you call and think your talking to your sibling.
“: the awkward moment when....SHUT UP I HATE YOU! 😄” boom.
Some of us are just that damn good at math. Also, want to make it difficult for ppl to contact us.
"those who know how will always have a job, but those who know why will always be their boss"
I'm so tired and sleepy :/
Boyfriend just came on my roommates shuffle #fate I might cover it just so I can say #fondont & see who notices :P
go get down with your inner African queen!
She has been with us since puppyhood. Was freshly groomed today!
did u know she had a swingset??????
I am having problems connecting to netflix via my xbox 360
really?? I don't mind. I actually prefer Bill Hall over some of the no-name young players.
Text me! !! I'm bored.. an packing to go back to OHIO suckas
Storage gurus we want to know #FF StorageNerve
Your making all of us feel bad. We all thought there was a defined purpose to surfing #Facebook for hours.
Keep it moving
: enjoy the day off!!
RT : Oregon friends: May is chock full of Wild events in cities and towns across the state. Forest Grove, Sisters,......
Never underestimate how hard people will lean on emotional crutches if you let them.
glad you had a great Dose. Sorry I missed it. In Michigan. What markets you doing this summer?
Performance openings Vampyre Burlesque charity spotlight!!Support Best Buddies,Agora,Rape Crisis Center and Joe & Jean Travis Aids Food Bank
Today? home opener, then, game. Yes.
RT : First 5 folks in each cafe who answer correctly get FREE Irish Whiskey Cupcake: WHAT ARE THE ORIGINS OF THE WORD WHISKEY?
Think about how you can use your unique talents to help humanity
awesome right?!
that makes TROB the MVP, but not the BEST player. Clearly Davis is most talented and impactful.
: Is the Senate doing all it can to create jobs via online #poker licensing? Support HR 2366, the Online #Poker Act!
Enjoying a relaxing clean up of the Bus office after FestiBus last night. SO WORTH IT
You should go for it! It's normal be be nervous, but it's totally worth it. Where are you thinking of going?
Only if we understand can we care. Only if we care will we help. Only if we help shall they be saved. -Jane Goodall
Just set my DVR since I won't be home when it actually airs.
That "fight song" sounds like a dirge.
O.G. KUSH
That moment when you realize you're little sister who's in 5th grade has more of a life than you do.
need to wash clothes
forreal though!! lets kick it soon! i think u still got my number right?
A man too busy to take care of his health is like a mechanic too busy to take care of his tools.
more than a few, need to bring back the old MTV.
Also, found it interesting to hear Condi Rice relate Common Core Standards to national security this morning in an interview...
I can't stop listening to Foster the People's Helena Beat. There's something about it that hooked me, just like Empire of the Sun.
I think kaylee and dani will both make it, both have played well
Saw Bishop Gene Robinson speak last night, one of the 3 most historically significant US leaders in my book--so inspiring!
How did I forget that Nastassja Kinski dated Quincy Jones.
When all your practices get rained out.... Smh
Stats on stats on stats on stats on stats
Thankfully Time Magazine didn't pick Sarah Palin as Person of the year. Zuckerberg is a better choice.
The Amazing Spider-Man OsCorp Recruitment Viral Video
Not just yet. Still trying to reach a certain threshold of panelists. Thanks for your help so far.
Check your DMs! I DMed you my answers to the video quiz! (:
Hey love. What it do?
I want it now!!
i hope everybody had a great easter !!!!! :-)
: Who needs a #vacay when you've got a good tan and #USF Strat Comm?
Haha, I love 80 degree weather in February!
Need more followers!!! Help us out!
dammit print is not coming out just right and i am low on ink. damn you insanely expensive pro9000 ink.
Prom Tonight........IMA BE TURNT UP TONIGHT ALL THE WAY
That sounds very un-yoga-like.
ily , imu , i luv you , love you < fuck that, if you mean it , say it RIGHT.
he likely has a cold. Its a Hall's.
what are you hoping to get for it?
Delays, delays, delays. You can see them as obstacles or opportunities. Your heart desires will determine which one it would be.
#awkward Please don't answer. ": "These big tax breaks trickle down? Is anybody here wet?""
What is the best brand of peanut butter?
so who comin
that makes two of us rofl
(Sam settle down Sam it's ok.)
Gee whizbots, I haven't tweeted in ages!
“: Hamilton has 4 different songs on his list this year: This Life, I Used To Do It, Sing A Song,and Showstopper” ..Thanks!
But of course there are two, and I can look them up myself. But if you have a number handy, I'm curious.
Thanks Amy! It was great to have you in the office yesterday!
RT : Don't forget tonight is Silver Taps. Nothing personifies the Aggie Spirit more than standing for our fallen comrades.
I really do want to swim. Man.
I like this start for #TheLakeShow way to get the BIGs going.
When I talk to people,I'am amazed at the lack of Kownledge,closemindedness,Thanks GOD this is only about 40 % Rt
trust is like an eraser it gets smaller after every mistake.
Its funny cause I didn't think that anything could be sexier than the Boyfriend video, untill I seen the Boyfriend performance. HOLY SHIT!
I'm a slave to trap music
Nah Dave, you're cool.
So many good articles to read in all the Sunday papers today!
It's always interesting when you start watching a new show, then you start seeing actors from it in other shows
- awesome website. All dog owners should read up on the excellent tips. Good work!!!
It's stupid how excited I am about a subscription to the OED.
#milwaukee Look for us on TV in the near future!!!! We will disclose more detailed information when it is appropriate.
get your Skittles ready for sunday it should be a good one
Congrats to Virginia Elite 13U Coach Snell for winning Big Shots Takeover tournament last weekend.
Its a shame how a person that so called loves uu , can try to makee uu feel so low about yourself !
thanks. How is Jimmy doing?
The trouble with new shoes is that you are suddenly aware of your feet.
Snow flurries!!
Can't wait to hear it man!!!
what's touch?!? They stole my Jack!
Have a question? Ask us something!
Is there a teen/young woman magazine for girls of color? I can't find one anywhere!
Hope you guys are have the best day ever!!!
John McGraw and Connie Mack
what is everyone up to? ;)
Please follow ill follow back!
That's a lot, but it's still a little unclear what they want to be.
lol think I've seen him in the clubs he's on my bros list
still must make certain kitchen doesn't roll out the crust w/flour... sometimes still a problem
That is if holds this formation.
Try a piece of light lemon cheese cake with fresh fruit on top @ Firehook Bakery!!
Will the Head and Shoulders Qualifier B tournament work today?
hair done nails done everything did ;)
Isaac bruce here also RT : Torry Holt is gonna be a busy guy... Rams have a boatload of picks.
not yet, I hopefully start in the fall. Haven't read that, I'll check it out!
My smile is like windex got that streak free shine!
If only u were in the Dallas area
fcn3kejfckqlj i needa tell you something
haha wanted to beat traffic and it's better to be down here takin pictures of carf then be at my house haha
I was like "WHY DID YOU HAVE TO COMPARE IT TO THAT!?"
I hate whe She feel asleep early cuz now Im up with no one to talk to but creepers on on here lol jp
Yeah, but at least we CT types don't eat pizza w/a knife & fork.
Beer selection is so terrible that I am having to watch ECHO and the stone cold sober.
I want a sitar now.
Duck fat fries!
Thanks! RT: At OZ Korean BBQ with my wonderful sister. Bomb ass food and relatively inexpensive. Definitely well worth coming...
I have no freakin' clue.
to top my day off i cracked my phone again
Ordering a Soft Trap instrumental from Ellis
As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so a life well spent brings happy death. - Leonardo da Vinci
Despite my delay induced 10 min connection in Austin, my bag and I have BOTH arrived in Phoenix intact.
Why is this maid vacuuming at 845? Damn Iowa! Frontier days for the weekend.
good to see you last night, keep me posted about the party in June
#Mac #iPad Apple sets iPad Mac sales records
love it!
I just did the twitter tutorial quiz and my response was accepted...
sure you will buddy...sure.
The New Shottas TV Series Starring Kymani Marley Is Now In Production: Big Up Cess Silvera
good morning!.. Have a great race weekend!!
RT COMMITMENT is behind every great accomplishment. Without it u have no chance to overcome "hard" or overcome "impossible".
Need to hire Claims Adjusters? What kind? We've found them all! 513 899 9628
u got the other shirt out for me??
i mean KELSEY
You stole my heart....
Good Morning :)
Tulsa has a lot of great things to offer in the way of musicians! Be sure to support your local artists!
ADM Mullen: the question is how do we protect our individual freedoms and gather the information required to prevent the next 9/11
MY Jew!
you bet!
Yeah but side swoopy bangs are longer and have less long-term commitment. Still...
Well, welcome!
#BCEagles RT : Waiting for Frozen Fest to start...
you totally jinxed my blackberry. That little black clock won't go away!
I absolutely love love it!!
you killed them tonite!
cheesy bacon fries....just bears repeating.
Are you ready for #smallbusinessSaturday today?
Playing in duo at the Tower Bar (Sunset Towers) tonight, 7-11.
Would love to be out running right now, but it's 40 deg. and raining here in Chicago. Yay Spring!
IM JEALOUS.
Why does the thought of u bring my smile down to frown because we r no longer what we were... :(
Lou Willams scored 54 on my school in HS Playoffs...Wilt took less shots the night he scored 100, haha
NAB NAB NAB NAB
Crossfit is no joke. I'm loving me first and foremost.
i did once, for like 2 min. only because my mom was getting ready.
Looking forward to watching~Praying for wondrous miracles to happen today!! God bless you, Karen & your family!!
after the flute incident last week, why is #katyperry fake playing the guitar on the AMA's??? N E 1 who plays the guitar can easily tell!!!
Nice! He's a good guy to know. , aren't we getting a little cocky there, sir?! :) JK. You know more ppl than me.
No, you're weird. Which, in Shakespearean terms, could be construed as "interesting" or, at the very least, "plot driving."
Can't stand people who cut in line.
you writing funny tweets lol.
Are you still the town drunk?
lol イヤーー！oh yeah! Did I tell you I'm most likely going to move to San Jose? バンザイ！！LOL
just needed to cool down. It's been hard juggling things. I'm tired of playing the same part over and over so to speak.
Exciting!! The paperback version of this year's #1Book "Grace of Silence" by is due to be printed at the publisher Sept. 6.
or rubies
Mom might have all the family come over... So that would be a no going out for me... Maybe
My God is faithful and I am so thankful He loves me and is willing to forgive me.
People that dont have a sense of humor! <<<<
you know good music!
We're setting up to do some big things! Literally.
LOL @ "coz ur a fob" ...hahahaa, true cuz, I need to get over it. And look at you with all that strength #POLYNESIANPOWER lol
fingers crossed!
Hey everybody! We are in Montgomery eating Chinese at YaYaNoodle Yippee!!!
Thank you! I spent it with Abbers and Mema... she & I went to lunch... it was great! Hope yours was too! <3
That's hilarious! I'm a 36...should I be proud? ;-)
Smile, and the world smiles back
Man I done had to tell this mf to stop moving like 30 times already, nbs. I'm done coaching this nigga...
I agree that we need to have more silly festshrifts in honor of people's birthdays.
im willing to work and pay for it shit.
Sup bro!?!? I speak to you but you don't respond back. How bout some RT love? WTF?!?!?!
That's what Eli is pointing out. There is no information about where the originals are from.
found grandma
I missed Killer THATCamp Brownies on Sunday? D'oh!!!
Hey, I have my acceptance speech ready to go! RT : I can't wait to accept my award for NFL Owner of the Year
4.8 rating on internships from 9 former interns
#AlexandriaVA City Council voted 6-1 to approve the Beauregard Small Area Plan.
Fingers crossed!
maybe 6 grand here at bradleycenter
Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson started Poised Creation on the belief that artists need support!
Just a blast at DrinksOnTap!
Natural Ways To Weight Loss With Weightlosslover And Fullhealthguide
Count me in!
Tweeting the semi-manditory "thx for following". Is it something the rest of you want? I don't.
Damn theres some freaks on twitter!
RT encouraged at the Tampa Bay Leadership Breakfast. Heard from Tampa Mayor, Bay News 9 sr. anchor &golf pro Wally Armstrong
600 & something people have seen you shake your ass on the video for niall ! How do you feel brah ? ;D
Congratulations to my favorite lecturer, on your beautiful & healthy baby boy!
This guy just said that Dirty Bourbon was "classy". What is going on??? Casa Escencia is classy. "dirt"y bourbon!!
Omg go away stupid bitch
Off to for meeting, maybe a lil sun at the cabanas poolside!
ok cool what store u going to and what time u gonna be there??
That sad moment when you're 20 feet away from your charger. RT " That sad moment when you're phone reaches 1% battery."
Busy 2 months coming up...
“People do not seem to realize that their opinion of the world is also a confession of character.”Ralph Waldo Emerson
I just feel more comfortable when i put my flat bill on
joe lando is probably as old as half the actors play elders
much love. Lol
what it do playboy?
Anyone who has the paper from Mrs. Ferrells spanish class for the project DM me!
Co worker just pissed in a.bucket
Taking the kiddos to for the first time this weekend! Any tips?
I didn't realize Jeff could have gotten W to practice today...hope that all worked out and W had a great practice! :)
RT 68% of Americans are overweight. 20% think they are.
don't worry they will (:
it's okay most of the time you don't make sense anyways. :o
who's going to see on April 6th in NYC? support one of our featured bands while they help to raise money for a good cause!
good atleast Im not that disappointed
very classy my friend
safe travels to PDX. Cut the lawn on Friday.
Praise him in advance!
Are we still on for noon today? Let me know! And, can we make it 12:30?
Grams made a whole big dinner
Chapter 2012 Page 123 of 366 Praising Him in advance is easier said than done.
The same person who sweeps you off your feet, is in the perfect position to drop you on your ass.
I need that tank for work! ;-)
#HillerHelps - In #ReconciliationLaw a positive outcome can be resumption of the healthy marriage.
It's re-appropriation time! Blues jamming tonight at Boocoo to close out Black History month & I have re-appropriation on my mind!
Bad romance is like my theme song right now
sneakin' on tha computer.. i wish i had my fb password i gotta call my momzzzz later. what you been on though big brothaaaa
Was a lot more than High School antics. It was bullying and bigotry that affected the victim his entire life.
#twEATDrink is a brilliant idea! is this happening in seattle?
Thanksl 4 your great support last week of Cupcakes 4 a Cause. Special thanks to Bob Clark and Channel 4 News. We raised lots 4 CancerCare
Day 7 #SONY Service Watch and they Finally Called! Day Late $ short! Traded the Sony for a Samsung. Service MGT. failed to call on 4th.
nope not a thing.
fell off a 50 foot ladder last night! Fortunately, I was on the bottom rung.
Things Twitter Taught Me This Week likes Dots - is hosting Rome this week -- And has excellent taste in music
haha idk how i was able to send that msg perfectly but it took me a while to put the password in my phone.
Looking for New Breaks to play soon ..... Not so into anything im finding i want Breaks actual f*ing Breaks
RT : When ppls hoods start trending people be getting upset ^_^
me too :( it's out of our hands right now. We hope to be back Sunday. Bo
there's totally time to get to california. for lunch. I mean, why not?
Yugoslav Proverb~ Complain to one who can help you.
I'm shitting my pants right now. Please help me you guys. I will cry.
The toilet roll war - Stratford Star The toilet roll war Stratford Star Why not just string Christmas lights around it next time? Married
if you're every in Minneapolis you need to come on the talk show I work for !
Sugar Cafe is open on Easter Sunday! Come do brunch with us!
Thanks for hanging out and giving us a chance.. You rock!
only on thursdays!
Who has the best in #Texasbbq? My favorite #bbq is at City Market in Luling, located in Central Texas...
those are indeed good. How is life?
Everyone is jumping on the country bandwagon these days. Just saw Lionel Richie has a new country album coming out. Who's next?
Somehow the idea to watch a classic: "What about Bob" came up & now we are pulling out the archives getting ready to have a giggle fest!
If you happen to be into any sort of music that is mildly good whatsoever you may happen to find an overly sexual jam on the new
and your videos are awesome also. very awesome indeed,
fairmont my first year, then up to morgantown haha
happy new year!!!! updates are on the way!!! i promise ;)
I read your blog. I know your heathen ways.
I would like to find a stew that will give me heartburn immediately, instead of at three o'clock in the morning
Before Or After!!!
that's awesome that you went! Lucky you, you got to see some Wack Packers! I really wanted to go to Tampa but it didn't work out.
Fuck Hollywood, I'm moving back to the Shtetl where a Jew can be a Jew once again without the influence of Goy philosophy and practices.
Neat! I'm in.
89 degrees today....good meetings today....but really NOT suit & tie weather!!
Well they all are.
hahaha yes we are don't lie too me suga
fuck its hard to get up today
the Egyptians never called their phaoroah's kings. They called them phaoroah's, Kings are rulers in Europe.
Today would be such a good day to stay home in bed in your pj's & watch movies all day ☔
Bagel and Lox at Russ and Daughters on E. Houston would be my #1 choice.
Was art director at Sony Playstation in San Diego before acting. Used to play, not so much now. Love the profile pic. :) x
get our site up and running
thanks! i got a lot of birthday facebooks, but a birthday tweet, thats a good friend
RT : #RedCross response vehicle en route to #virginiatech to support emergency responders. Our thoughts are with the campus
Hincapie: #287g and #SB1070 is lose-lose: they raise risk for racial profiling and cut ties b/t police & communities of color
I wouldn't put it past her
Wondering what wants to do when i get home in just a few min :))
efffff. and we have C lunch #nobueno :( :(
Playing a round at hotel indigo 930 pm free. Come out Nashville folks :)
Make sure to check back for more chef announcements. Great chefs and even better food!
well now I have the tools here..can fix in a few hours..getting all in one spot has been the pain..never your phone
This wasn't the case at all, but I think it's disgusting when bands turn their fan clubs loose on critics.
after all that, enjoy your Saturday !
I just want you to be proud of me.
We're ready for you #Chicago!!! Come say hi!!!
TIMMAY! New shirts in this Sunday!
Crowdsourcing is now considered a word according to the Merriam-Weber Dictionary! Just another step at solidifying the industry.
Hates a strong word
Found my worst nightmare: Trying to get a passport last minute.
There is your buzzer beater - Flyers over Pens at buzzer in OT.
sure ladies,tell me if ur done FOLLOW RIGHT NOW PLEASE?
thank you new followers!
'cited to check out new interactive + digi fab artwork from students in 's classes today 5p
. personally, i'm kinda surprised that obamar hasn't already installed minarets on the WH... what with being a muslin and all.
Taco Del Mar is back at the Maui Mall. New owners, new perks, new promotions!
The bat mitzvah celebration is about to begin!
may i suggest a little game called superbetter? :)
I'm certain that living in a nudist colony takes all the fun out of Halloween.
"The starting point of all achievement is desire. Weak desire brings weak results." - Napoleon Hill
is located at 311 8th St NE Washington, DC. Office hrs are whenever you need us! 8 on a Tues morning or 10 on a Sat night!
you need to support us .... true family, friends, and fans plus H8trs - need to mark Feb 29th on the calendar via
amazing napkin art! I'm still going strong, not letting the #sxswproblems stop me!
To all da haters:You think youre hot,but you know the deal...well its me and you know who be keeping it real!!
All my followers: If you like great comment and beautiful photography of (mostly) French romanesque churches then follow:
All better 😍
you are a stud of all studs my brotha!!!
Shift change on American airlines baggage handlers. Waiting 20 minutes for sky check. Brutal
Happy Mothers Day! <3 #appreciation!
I z-snapped tonight and it was not in jest.
Nearly 50 salvations so far in 2012 // Jesus reigns at UNCC // 1st Summer Service: June 22&23 (RISE Conference) see u then!
Something you forgot - lil wayne >>>>
Telehealth has been booming this year, makes us excited for #ATA2012! Let's talk about telehealth at booth 1027!
Eating pancakes right now
I take your challenge 777.
lol I bought it like the day it came out when it was on the new and noteworthy list :p
tell them anything but dont tell them all the truth
Well you should
If you still have a self-published copy, can I buy it ? #Inspired by your story!
just got a moped for the summer, gona call her Isabel
Y'all can't go out like this... Twitter beefin, really??
#AmITheOnlyOneThat thinks we were not born to slave away at 9-5's working for someone else?
your Mixtape hot!
Excited about margaritas tonight on the waterfront.
Daylight savings ends this Sunday- don't forget to set your clocks back, and enjoy that extra hour of sleep!
It's the ratchet earthling number 4
so fun meeting you!! Looked for you after the show to give you my card but couldn't find you. Yay for twitter! ;)
“If you can dream it, you can do it.” -Walt Disney
#fridaylistens Still working on Capital Game by Haig - need to spend more time listening this weekend!
Dont ever bring chicken round me
there for the marlins but they are still in the middle of their game! won't get their till at least third.
My Fav. show is BEST INK
alexa wants to go to the mall with you guys haha but why next summer?
definitely (or trying). So far, it's great! Lots of other folks are summing it too luckily
That's some good imagination dude
Wegmans already sponsors LPGA event. Don't think they will sponsor Watkins Glen International
12 chapters in 6 weeks. Can I do it?
Goal for summer 2012: Actually get tan. Sick of blinding people.
The moon looks crazy right now
Stress levels at maximum. All that I want right now is a do-over, please.
Studying at Tufts with the Minh-ni Niggo. This is what I do when I go to "church".
#RomCon FFP Dine-in: When the dinner adjourns, thou shalt rise and wait for the President and head table guests to leave.
if you have a dope brand! best believe we want to do business with you hit us up
what's going on man. Just touching base with you again. Seeing about getting in with y'all and creating.
Tea Pot Lounge Blow Out Sale - $30 an 8th: $220 oz All Top Shelf Meds
...Day 16...217.0...praise the lord and thank you baby jesus...lol...apple day was an success...
can you bring the hair please ?! Thx girl!
Is it too late to tell you i wish you didnt give up on me?
This is gonna be a summer to remember. So stoked.
i think i forgot that they are the cubs
Math Pick 18: Classic Pick - Math for All Seasons by Greg Tang!
Work hard, play hard
Rolen had made Votto a much better 1st baseman
tomorrow , & idontknow , my sister told me about it .
Thanking God its Friday, and thankful for a new day!!
: Hamilton Hebrew Academy Hamilton Ontario pretty Ortho in outlook but I got tonnes of content
Another spoiler, katniss was really a dude
pretending that there's not an effort by the elite to further increase their control of the economy is ostrich-syndrome.
hahahahahah DONK! he's drinking Foster's!
Mr. Chopra I hope I get the chance to meet you while you are in NY! You are truly an inspiration!
And now Jamie Moyer has scored! Bring back the Senior League of Professional Baseball!
Some One Should HMU?
Excellent work... All those depicted look questionable as guilty or innocent.
BioDeodorizer gets rid of odors by digesting their sources, utilizing friendly bacteria that eliminate organic wastes.
thanks for your comment and RT.
yea that's the one we're in.
Star Trek Tri-Dimensional Chess Set by the Franklin Mintcollectible- star trek chess sets
Hello, Miami! :)
Oh my god, I want to get (another) masters in Food Anthropology. For real.
ok that's what's up
Al Michaels is rocking that combover tonight
I think Huntsman uses the same paint shop as Boehner.
why is everyone hating on 8FLAVAHS?
#musesocial is gathering & getting to know! Join us or tweet: What are your hot topics or burning questions for May 8?!
RT : RT Learnt a lot at #filmmaking webinar today Creating compelling scenes for corporate marketing
700 plays on my video after a week!!! You all are awesome. <3
Today is gonna be such a long day, I can already tell. /:
"Wanting to be someone else is a waste of the person you are"
Today's office disruptions (so far): chainsaws, no heat and a parking lot filled with dumpsters. No, not distracting at all.
Tears Tears tears Please Please my love follow me love you
#Nonprofit Tip: When setting up always use a general email you own (admin@) to maintain control if staff/venders leave.
Thanks Glenn. That is what I wanted. Any indication if we will see more of Geoff with the USMNT?
True story: My mom wore her ocarina necklace to work and a coworker asked what it was. My mom told her, "It's an ocarina, it plays music".
I may be witnessing a breakup-in-progress on this train.
I've noticed most musicians just have their names as their email. ALL drummers I know have the word DRUMMER in their email.
Got one already, thank you!
Really excited to see at rainfest. Beyond pumped.
fa real, u she is the truth.
I hate State exams, what's the whole point of it -_-
When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.
Happy birthday & best wishes to our team capt and leader! Have fun in Austin buddy!
hey check out my new youtube. ronster729
Time for more French toast experimentation.
#ifyouknowmeyouknow I check email, texts, facebook and twitter literally 200 times a day. I'm a little OCD like that.
just texted u! :)
I just want to tell you that you have such beautiful hair.
Just had a #humpday #epiphany. Type Shift+F3 in Microsoft Word to change text to all uppercase or lowercase. Try it!!
Milwaukee, it's nearing the end of spring 2012. What have you got fermenting? What's next in the bottling line?
you have no idea! Manischewitz macaroons fly fast in my house!
come to rockwood tonight at 8 and ill cover some ... Ill even try to get mm to reprise his role from dazed.
it's funny what can result when you hate the world ;P
Going to the best out of this day.
Think Im having Chicken n Waffles for breakfast, n smothered potatoes
make it nasty saw a thick bitch walk past me i said whats hannin damn you strapped gee can i have yo number and hit you after school b lol
if Obama killed Osama I/m the Zodiac killer !
Want brighter skin??? Come in for a Spa Facial and experience our new Brightening Polish from Glo... you'll be absolutely GLOWING!
#AlexAndRobertTweetTweet Lets make it a trend come on Whoever loves them will help
bro if anything im single as fuck and none of you women are my girl so lmao idc about wtf you want you just another human being
What happens to Andrew Bogut's section at the #Bucks games?
Shorts weather is definitely here!! What is your favorite brand of shorts?
Kenny Cooper!!!
Luol Deng is the only Bull on the floor tonight that deserves to win.
Vegas I am in you.
Im Bored LOL
Click on the bit titles to listen www.freekshowradio.com (EXPLICIT CONTENT)
what the? Lol
Surprised LeBron didn't jack the shout up
Respects. Think current events, periodic table, shakespeare and ticker symbols. When you on the mike?
So slow in the office right now I'm actually considering starting a research paper for a scholarly journal. Anyone got a topic to explore?
I LIKED 'Jeepers Creepers'!
Imagining if we were apart for months...Smh...couldn't do it.
After this Ap bio final tomorrow morning, the BIGGEST weight will be lifted off my shoulders...
...so forms are a big problem. But yes, it's worth it, in fact the teens EXPECT to share. For some it may be motivation for class.
other than my back I'm doing great! Doing music all day long:)
Its funny to find someone you understand so well, and yet find you are absolutely without interest. Oh, I love you... but I ain't going.
The Miso.Dataset JavaScript library handles loading, parsing, sorting, querying & manipulating data from many sources http:/…
Everyone's going to see this rubber band diagonally across the front of my mouth. I'm just not talking to anyone because they'll see it :/
I'm not sure what brought on your tearful tribute to the plight of Geordi, and I don't care. All I know is that I'm weeping.
Why isn't 's cd(s) being sold in stores!?! I have to listen on youtube for now XD
Good luck guys!
Girl! Alexa Mary Fillmore.
OH HELL NO!!!! #6 on the countdown?!?!!?!? Uh huh!!! We gotta get my babies back to #1!!!! I'm bout to vote my ass off now!
way to go Duke!
Expect to be tired. :-) Stick to UK meal and sleep times or you'll pre-long it. Opt for Dextro tablets rather than caffeine.
Looking for: Windows VSS and Storage Stack Developers in CA/WA. NTFS, SQL File systems drivers email
“: Fleury is standing on his head right now”-->And jumping and standing on his feet, laying in his ass...whatever.
Hope for the best. Good Luck!!!!!!
those, too! RT how about giving drops to gifts u purchased for others that seemed a lot cooler then they really were?
Hey sis what is the Sipp?
Hearing the Franklin's words is always the most profitable.
I'm totally addicted to my #OTH season dvds. I actually watch them everyday. So happy I start #WORK tomorrow. 8+)
The #Facebook iPhone app is the worst thing I've ever had to deal with in my life.
Seems likely ;) RT : #mlanet12 Am I forgetting anything?!
what is the call in # tonight ? Love to ask about selling Hercules' rights to someone for allocation $
- #Journalists shall b protected as civilians as long as they're not participating in violence, yet they r increasingly targeted.
is a ballerrr
Thanks for the retweet!
tbh I'm not a fan of 'fact checking' future-looking statements. How can u fact check what hasn't happened yet?
Settling in for the night with ep 2 of #Luck on
and I luv telling you lol
ok. create a list to notify too. much love ready to support
up and at 'em bright and early #Pittsburgh... keeping my eyes open for crazy Baltimore fans...stay safe Pittsburgh
Hey Mike! Very much enjoy your blog! Thanks for the follow~
Quick workout with Haven't been to the gym in literally a month. Damn feels good.
where do I find the product key on my electronic copy of viveza 1.0? need for upgrade ;)
So lucky you're wearing that ring! Lol
I'll see if I can buy them but could you drive because my dad is working
No one can arrive from being talented alone. God gives talent; work transforms talent into genius. ~Anna Pavlova
Billy Williams Statue Dedication party happening at CMC, Billy, Ernie, Fergie Jenkins, Jesse Jackson, Randy Hundley, Glenn Beckert all here!
RECLAMATION OF THE EDGE.
Break my heart for what breaks Yours
The best is yet to come,
Sings off key...always N forever to ...u have no ideal how to count how many times the volume went low and ya videos played ..;-)
My website, www.inspiringandmotivationalwisdom,com has a book on it called, "The Secret of Letting Go!" This may help.
ain't that the sad truth j/k cuz. You know I love you(r) momma lmao
I voted for you <3 no hesitation!! YAY your winning and by the way im listening to 11:11 repetitave and my parents go they *1*
RT : You cannot live a perfect day without doing something for someone who will never be able to repay you." - John Wooden
. does a fantastic job in analyzing how will make a major impact w/ #Bears. (see my last Tweet)
Morning everyone! <3
Just saw 50/50, is sexy as hell even when he looks like death warmed over!
Get ready folks! Q&A on Branding Yourself Online featuring is about to begin!
We want in for the next volunteer night at
The saints of clouds
good luck with that.
I Love You♥ I Love you♥
Yea haha I'm from Mexico City ;)
. . .re-emerging on Twitter. Maybe I can sustain it this time.
We got some new glass goods from Come in and say hi today.
I'm pretty sure people say the same thing about you. RT Obama will say and do ANYTHING.
let ya body go
so true
I'm going through thoroughly modern millie withdrawls...
Ah the old days...
please can u
Leaving for the states now! See you on the other side.
only eight more hours!!!
Not when you have a healthy coffee..www.ogcoffeepays.com
Rise n grind ... interview round 3 today
I think you mean biological...
#YouLookLikeTheType "/ that will have an out burst in a public surrounding ! Embarrassinq'.
If you text a girl (who literally has zero feelings for you) just a number trying to imply something, chances are
I LOVE THIS STERO I GOT !!!!!! :) jamming to Justin Bieber :)
Tip #4 “Attend discussions with physicians and other members of your Senior Loved One's healthcare team." - A.A.M.G.H.C
#mla12 Agreed. Thought #smartphoneless was the purpose of the blogger/tweeter table.
Starting the day off right will make your day a whole lot easier. God Morning everybody.
. Love this! Greenlight's my favorite bookstore.
“The best way to keep loyalty in a man's heart is to keep money in his purse.” - Irish Proverb
Lancaster... Reminds me of Sacramento hot summers. Shout out to my NorCal folks.
riots are caused also by regulation of inmate society& redistribution of power balances among inmate groups
Wendy's baked potato for dinner. BOO YAH!
Its funny how the the only person you can really talk to about things is conveniently busy at your time of need :(
Anyone got Tauschers' cell number?
Ha! Clever. :) RT : In session.. "cloud is like a chicken nugget. Tastes good, looks good, but you don't know what is in it"
Now that that is over time for my #WILDCATS GET BUCKETS!!! #BBN!!!
saw it 2 weeks ago and still processing the experience
I need a babysitter now before I hurt my kids!
at least they were'nt watching porn.
why did t you put my twitter name in the video?
“: Much love to as he evolves from a Badger into a Bengal! #OnWisconsin” Go Bucky!
I am watching you at the airport. :)
thanks so much! appreciate the twitter promotion! :)
Wait, wait. I misspoke. My family HAS been to Orlando.
No problem ;)
Well nosey is tired. Exhaustin day with Austin. Goodnight (:
In a fog...meds please kick in! Need to get better for the BIG 30 for and
Question for has your voice changed or evolved?
I know that your the only one.
. is doing art department duties- which is a fancy way of saying she's trying every possible combo to unlock an old suitcase.
Has successfully learned how to parallel park. 😊🚗👍
but mine are all pretty boringg..
Toddlers and Tiaras is trending!
Oh shoot I just saw this! Lol
i just realized, only 7 more til i hit 100 :)
These were inspired by reading #CHI12 papers.
#NewOrleansBowl The Cajun defense needs a goal line stand here
come on kottaras!
You're doing a good job! It's tough to remove privileges, but you set a standard for respect when you do.
writing a blog post seems appropriate since you're in the press corps now.
If "Jimmy cracks corn & you dont care" why write a song about it?
Ask the universe.
Challenge that bitch!
Great talk by Dalton Caldwell - a true master pivoting
Im so proud!
Cause it's hilarious. Did you see JLos nipple account too? RT: : Angelina's leg Has almost 800 followers
Have you ever had a little too much beer before giving a toast in front of a crowd? Tell us your funniest toasting stories!
The doors we open and close each day decide the lives we live. -Flora Whittemore
what movie / what time ?
Instead of the 5 second rule, I use more of a 5 person rule=Did less than 5 people see me pick up food from the ground & put it in my mouth?
<3 RT : Tweeting to you brings back yummy memories of your delish sandwiches!
You blind me with your beauty and I never dare to have a doubt.
Thanks for the mention, Brooks!
Huntsman: Met Kissinger right before he went to China in 1972 at 11 years old. Relationship has changed a lot since then.
I hate when im listening to pandoria and it just cut off like what the truck!!!..
so oded golan was just found not guilty on all 43 counts relating to forgery re: the infamous "james brother of jesus" ossuary, interesting!
Tigers should trade for Inge
wow! Good to see young people trying to make a difference and caring about a cause.
I can be the #treble baby you can be the #bass !! :b
Even Ventura's harshest critics agreed his picks for the bench were very good.
Same here!
#ITs sad when you watching a movie and yo man know what prison they shot the movie at the first time he see it without them sayn it.
btw krissy, long story but 's dad n ur dad r friends! 😂
Chapter 2012 Page 76 of 366 recruiting for my personal Board of Directors per
Love the NZ wines Kumeu my fave so far! Thanks for wine diversity!!! woo hoo!
Honestly on Kelly clarkson's latest album is one of her best songs
Weird Food Habit #53: Refusal to properly heat leftovers & thus admit I'm eating them. Instead, one cold bite on every pass through kitchen.
What was that word that guy said wrong? How did I forget this?
Hulu plus on the PS3. It's a time suck, that's for sure.
why bother having a shirt on your site that won't be shipped until April 2012?
Can I step on your state it's so cute and small. It's like you can't even see it on the map! :)
you guys are way farther down in the gutter than I am okay!!
Worth a read, if only for the shock value. She lauds surveillance software for allowing her to interrupt student writers +
Just got done playing' basketball! Leg are still burning from last nights 8 mile run!!!
So looking forward to the #Milwaukee show tonight at the ! See everyone there!
I hope you realize the rainbow was a joke.
At College Bound's first board meeting of the year. We are looking for additional board members. You ready yet?
glad u did (:
Check your DM.
you're welcome 😊
... So very true! Some bosses and significant others should be told this :)
They're selectors they eat very few : It is dark. You are likely to be eaten by an archivist. #iipc12”
Before New Years Eve Ends Will The Marvelous Mikey Follow ME <3 [: ? 1
me too!!
I am in love with your icon! :) and you @ is cute too.
Goin over the ladies house tonight
I am grading papers so this cup is super important.
we only got one more day of testing
You live and learn, and move on...
Great interview with Gorilla Zoe last night! 's Invasion Radio
Yeah I have everything packed.
I don't know I feel about all this, why is life putting all these roadblocks in my way? :(
umm , did just call you !
HOLLLLAAAA and are engaged 💍😍!!!!!! Love y'all :) so happy for you two love birds ;)
What happen TO loyal FEMALES n RIDE n DIE for THERE man ! This new ERA of FEMALES are CRAZY!
I'm from #Portland #Oregon.. of course I'd live in a pyramid.
who to contact directly about a meeting room?
Genuinely disappointed to see that is already halfway through his miracle 100k stakeroll. Twitter is less fun when hes busto
According to Adam Schefter, the punishment for the Saints players will be announced today.
my hair is getting longer since I dyed it back to dark brown. I AM SO DIGGIN DIZ
Maxine Hong Kingston~ The sweat of hard work is not to be displayed. It is much more graceful to appear favored by the gods.
not happening.
Boo! RT i do not care for the music of soulja boy
What!? It's in the DJ Handbook! RT : I rarely drink coffee when we have it!
Some people ride unsafely. New bike program = more people riding. More people = more unsafe
Glad to meet you! Always good to find a fellow defend of Life on Twitter.
DC bound for an early start to the weekend! Please send recos on where I can eat, shop and eat. Danka.
millers my wingman on this night
r u the dude on worldstar? That I was talking to? Pop master fable?
same here!
Told you, Its such a good movie!
u know the whole mil coming for memorial day hot ass mess lol
You said I'm just a kid, my ego is big. I don't give a shit.
My drumming got surprisingly better, but I need to come up with new fills.
move to Vegas, we got a few! ;)
Too much fun! RT no prob! Had tons of fun! Cc
Made my third loan today. Decreasing world suck $25 at a time.
all these new shows on disney channel are gay as fuck.
As of tonight, Newt is toast.
Well... Back to the shopping spree!!
Right on,
you donate a lot of tweets yeah?
Mavs are just a bad team
i figured that. Thx again.
You can do eet. :)
oh I LOVED don't go away mad...mostly because Becky Biles loved it, though cc
OMG i hope i dont see my ex at edc, that will be awkward as fuck. LMAO fuckk it im going to have fun anyway ;P
SO TRUE! RT : Friends are those rare people who ask how we are & then wait to hear the answer ~ Ed Cunningham
Texas IndyCar race was what it was.... Dario won half, and Will Power won the other half.... Right?
It is better to be thought a fool, than to open your mouth and remove all doubt! -Mark Twain
Welcome new followers!
Enjoy your day, Coach!! RT : Happy B Day Coach Calhoun
It's nice out
You know if it weren't for divine intervention you would curse that fool out... "I swear." NspiredBy Proverbs 16: 1
yes you should ;-)
who are you hoping to win?
Let's do something.... FUN :|
Don't make me mad then tell me to calm down. That's like stabbing someone and then wondering why they're bleeding.
DAM LOL YOU WOULD TO... ON LIFE SMH CRAZY ASS.!!
Wearing my margarita pants for a little bit
Rebel Morris sounds like a sharp-shooter in a Western but she is a former paralegal doing a bang-up job with her blog on the unidentified.
is so beautiful <3
2011.10.05 #postseason #Diamondbacks 8 #Brewers 4 in 8th | It's tough to win when / we can't keep the ball in yard / see you on Friday
I think I should just forget about that person that I loved for six years because I will never see him a gain
#adele looks phenomenal. She rocks it for us full figured gals!
thanks for RT-ing!
Verona town clerk: Some roads down to 1 lane due to high snow drifts and stranded cars. 5 vehicles in ditch this AM on Hwy M
RT : Be the type of person you would want to meet.
#whatnottowear black and brown if it you dont know how to match it
Faded ha yaeeee
Shaff, David Wallace died yesterday, he also did a parody music video of you making fun of suing us in court..links to follow
so you're still alive? Hahah
I guess it good for the ratings but damn this girl chrissy always wanna fight
Totally wanting to make some more vanilla bean cupcakes. So moist n fluffy!
Haha. Cool man, thanks. I don't think those groups are anything to be afraid of.
I know I should write but I feel like sleeping.
you laugh because I'm different, I laugh because you're all the same-
thanks ! I have done trainings and speeches on #custserv and there's always more great info out there! Thx
Where are you going in Costa Rica?
#ThingsBetterThanKevinGregg Gary Williams' recruiting classes
MTV's Musical March Madness: Green Day Vs. Paramore For The Title!
do u remember highschool drama? Yeah this is 100 times worse.
Thanks for your support! Do you have the single?
That's it it's final. I'm growing my hair out and slicking it back
thank you! :)
Next Tuesday I will be performing at Piano Bar in Hollywood 10pm...Who's coming?
Don't forget TODAY is Administrative Professionals Day!
Want to help keep #lastthursday alive? We need your help! Come to our volunteer meetup at Six Days Gallery in early August
Join us for art wine & music tonight. 6-9 It is First Thursday! What a beautiful night it will be in Portland to go gallery hopping!!!
Hey , maybe I'll see you at the Grammys this year. I'm in the running for being nominated so save me a seat bahaha ;)
Welcome to the club!
Getty bf and u will be happy
Spurs vs Clippers Game 1 at 8:30 at the AT&T Center.
Going to the Topanga mall with my friend to get jamba juice and have lunch
To be the best, you have to believe you can be.
Aww! Here you are :)
yep - no license no marriage! once you get the license you have 90 days to get married - by someone with a license to do that! :-)
Ik lol and still uses it today Definitely give props to you! lol
please follow me♥♥
I'll get it from her
So basically, Brett is the only Yankee who doesn't feel the need to try to hit an hr every at bat? It's called small ball, boys.
yes even boo. :l
Im good , Lol how bout U ?
gm, hey thanks, thats one of my many fav's too..I have many! have a blesses day..
Talking to him>>>>
Any cigar shops in Antioch?
cause I've tried writing a poem lol
Looking for the video of that Noah slam if anyone finds it.
Great ride with yesterday. Thx 4 waiting for me! I really did run all away across the plaza. Ride w these guys, they're great!
you play this game the best
Not saying what I did wasn't wrong but wrong doesn't cross your mind when you're drunk.
trying.... Doing.
i feel you on that one.
You can't expect to hit the jackpot if you don't put a few nickels in the machine. ~ Flip Wilson
dear , performing the self is not an invention of social media
Feeling like I need to play a round of golf. Anyone want to send me a jet?
Only 540 shopping days left until the Mayan Apocalypse
YAY! And the job will come. :) You're too awesome to not get hired. I say that as your mentor.
Crap! How did I forget about beer!! :) cdns love our beer!
enjoying listening to Jai Vatuk...new CD.
don't mean to preach but I dropped 30+ lbs and went from a size 10-11 to size 6-7 this way :-) Propel water is great too!
cool thanks sexy, was awesome meeting you, let's chat again soon! *HUGZZ*
Google+ trends: Justin Bieber&#39;s &#39;Boyfriend&#39; video, Star Wars Day
“: Tuscaloosa , Al here i come!” let's go! Gonna be tripppppy tonight.
smh, don't remind me..
exactly. i read story after the mclouth trade that it was about money. he makes more money churning prospects than winning.
Big K.R.I.T new mixtape raw.
Me acting stupid
When your bestfriend randomly comes over and ask to stay the night <3
battlelog now shows both xbox and pc. M1911 loaded in xbox and it actually saved my lvl/equip! gtg
Congratulations to Sean Pace! The winner of our $150 gift card giveaway! Thanks to all who participated...more opportunities to come.
We are Livestreaming the #TEDxYouth event presentation in the plaza at the Little Haiti Cultural Ctr or catch it from home! 11/20 at 6:30 pm
these guys who didn't get roses look so sad....
I know I am.
RT “: ninja fight top of the house...20 mins.”- you have overplayed your hand good sir. Cue TMNT music.
gahhh I miss you more! One day I will
Yeah, I can't blame you. I had to move all my stuff out of my room in this nonsense ):
it seems to be a lot like The Zone. Lots of lean protein in the "attack phase". 3 days, limited carbs.
I hate Arabic.
hi lovey. float, float on...float on, float on... serious amount of rain!! are you washed out?? x
Attend my seminar this Thursday evening at burbankfilmfestival.org/seminars.html. Am looking forward to it!
Looking for #Solaris #Unix #Administrators for full time roles in
you're so kind! :)
NICEVILLE - interesting, alot of plot lines. Creepy.
Yes Sir
or you could find an excuse to get sent out to SF for "work" right?
tell cowboy I have enjoyed his pitch demonstrations tonight!!
I'm about to smash on some Cinnamon Toast Crunch
Thanks for attending!
There's a twentysomething dude in this bar who's dressed exactly like Bear Bryant.
and primo are on David Lettermen right now! #freesol killed it. I mean seriously amazing ! And Teddy those drums...Damn!
happy birthday Jim!!! I hope my dad is behaving. If not let me know and I can talk some sense into him. Have fun!!!
#HolidayGift My finding out I'm pregnant after being told I can't have childern anymore
I hope I get out this house tonight....its boring despite my reminds on my tv for all the movies till 1 am lol.yep I need a companion!
#cbsbigbrother who else's gag reflex is triggered by brenchel???
going to ko, goodnight twitter 
jeremyriad Damn you: he drinks a Whiskey drink, he drinks a Vodka drink. He drinks a Lager drink, he drinks a Cider drink
Because it's based on comparison.
So happy to read that the hype and awesome reviews for "The Avengers" is all focused on Joss Whedon!
Watching the game and singing TA chants at home.
Your welcome. It was a very interesting article.
I just realized that I haven't had any #coffee today!
If you're accommodating for a celtics larry bird to attend your ...
where do you play at? how often do you play? RT: Off to play some #racquetball!
good point!! hope one day I'll know I made a difference for my Ss
RASPBERRY MARTINI ~stoli raspberry vodka, stoli blueberry vodka, cranberry juice, pineapple juice, pureed raspberries
Do you require mouth to mouth for the choking sir ?
Sounds cozy!
We have the technology to make that happen.
.just dance is broken. it only recives my movements half the time.
I don't know a single thing about the Casey Anthony case.
> people that don't know how to use roundabouts
oops! you can see it on my blog at www.shopmayu.com/blog
: Mainstream media not covering all interesting angles, stories. Have to turn to twitter.
I Changed My User Name . ♥♥ XO
Quality is not made up, it's a way of life <3
Custom orders. TEAL.
All of the right things at all of the wrong times. Hard, but necessary, life lessonz.
Game is on today unless i tell you otherwise. 630!
I have found that the best motivator is to have a project in mind, then figure out what you need to do the project.
Wish you all could have just seen my wipeout in the middle of the street.. I'd give it a 7, plus 2 points for style. #touche mother nature
RT : Key advice from : Go out and own your success. Take credit for what you’ve done; don’t shy away from it.
Ha! Poor guy ..
When my mom talks to random people at the doctors office -______- ughh gets so annoying
Tebow's marketing guy and new NJ resident to be...RT : J! E! T! S! JETS! JETS! JETS!
GREAT SUN SHINING
Cool...hope you are not having to fight for a seat!
Happy Birthday Madison #Happy14BirthdayMadisonWilliamAlamia ;D <33 love you.!
check me out on youtube "Happy birthday Vickie", "MEGASTAR IN THE MAKIN"+ "its me again" I'm singing in all 3 videos also chk
and I thought I was the only one who came up with shart inspired songs. "Shart thru the heart" is my masterpiece
YOU SAID YOUD FOLLOW ME. YOU LIED. ALL THESE LIES. I CANT HANDLE IT
I have been typing a variation on the same sentence for 40 minutes. Where did my reporter instincts go?
- shall we put u on the media VIP list 2 attend Shoot To Cure event fri nite 6pm Chargers Park? Hope 2 C U there.
Was I deinvited?
Finally found what I'm gonna wear to my graduation on Tuesday! :o yayyyyy!!! :D...but I'm not telling/showing you guys til the day of ;) lol
Really like portman's dress
haha i can tell! i'm not really a huge fan of his, so we'll see what happens with the rest of the season.
This coming from one who loves to mix contrasting patterns.
or both?
You're in the ZONE! Ah-toe Zone!
HealthJibe makes it easy for people to track their health information and healthy activities.
"i'd cross the world for someone like you"
a vintage gold cuff!
a little top early. I loved the opening sketch and the amazon commercial. The NFL thing was alright
Going to hit the gym hard this week after an indulgent weekend. Lots of cardio coming our way!!
love ya!
how do I book karmin for an event?
K! WILL BE THERE FOR ROSE!
Did I not say I would own this night? Positive affirmations are what's up.
Aw damn 😳
": When life brings you on your knees, you're in a perfect position to pray. ♥"
for what I don't know, I guess to be around for my kids and look good when I die lol
Ohmigosh - have you seen the tweet->tapestry at #SJMQT by ? It's so cool - tweet a color and the tapestry turns that color!
They should at least be civil and not fight.. No more blood baths
I NEED SOME FOLLOWERS
To show how thankful we are to all our fans, we're giving you 3 chances to win a free Scorzie today...stay tuned!! Happy Thanksgiving...
You know i'm not given to sentimentality
I think you should take route 3.
Sure wish macs were more user-friendly. All I want to do is illegally copy dvd's, is that too much to ask for? apparently....
Humidity does wonders to my hair!
Have been hacked again. Pls bear with me if you get some spam. Thanks.
Unsolicited Follow Tuesday (#uft?): , QSR PR pro, mighty funny dinner mate
Enhancing me and the Mrs. home office. Snaking ethernet wire through insulation isn't the most fun job in the world!
A lot of energy just went into locating the Sprinkles Cupcakes ATM. Thank goodness, we found it.
You cant imagine how much fun Im not having
In addition to pledging $5 million forthe victims in Japan,GE is matching $ for $ donations from its employees and retirees
If you're in NY this weekend, stay warm! If you came out to San Diego for Pacific Symposium, we'll see you there!
"how many women have u been with?" "sexually?" "no breakdance fighting."
Are you going to be attending May's Social Media Breakfast? We have the proud honor of being the facility sponsor
I am just bad.
so whats everyones favorite brand of milk
I hate that depressing song in Toy Story 2 when Jesse reminisces about her old owner #makesmecry #imabigbaby :( :(
Agree RT : Pet peeve: bar stools where there's no foot rest attached to the counter
What movie to watch lateeeerrr ~
90 minutes of sight-reading music tonight was much easier than I expected... Had played none of the pieces before.
Now Playing - SaySomethin By <3 I LOVE THIS SONG. Say Somethin' Baby dont be so Shy... (;
It was only a matter of time with the amount of Devils shots. Tie game
Loading things to Etsy! It's only taken me...45 weeks. /: username: RyMoPaintPhoto
not for you to forget my birthday or anything...
funny how both parties are the same except for: 1) abortion 2) gay marriage 3) creationism ... yet people get up in arm about it!
Well I had a blessed night. I hope you all did as well. About to lay it down and pray that God keeps his love and mercy around us. #Night :)
jump atlanta was not playing tonight. can't wait to watch competition tomorrow!
Hey hey hello!!!
A beer with to talk about #historyontap!
This lady in my class just pulled out 2 subway foot longs and four Dr.Peppers...Holy shit!!
woo thats amazing! Im from colorado lol :-)
Well, I did get up at 4 to get here ;)
Up at 7a.m. for work, haven't seen this time of morning in a long time. Long day of work ahead
Have an #AMASINNN time on your vacation!
Make It Rain Chick!!
Listening to news about #Haiti on made me #thankful for the clean water coming out of my faucet today.
Are You An Independent Artist??? Check Out MusicalStop.com !!!!! and make your next project a monumental SUCCESS!!!
might try to hit the beach up tomorrow
thanks for the shout out!
Congrats #Cleveland #Browns, you missed out on ALL of the qb options available.....again.
Possibly. Where you thinking? There's like a jillion places that do taco Tuesday in CLE.
Great win today. We needed that.
Please give a SHOUTOUT<3 and follow 
": Anyone who wears false eyelashes between 9am & 5pm is my mother%king hero"
How long do you think he lasts in LA before they trade him, or just let him run into FA? Or does he finish it out there?
Pineapple Express or A walk to Remember? Tough decisions on TV tonight...
missin her boy
This headache is seriously killing me.
I love it. Only reservation is the color? (please tell me its not going to be all white like in the models?)
We Got One
MT : Many families do not have 2 choose between paying for bills or food bc programs #SNAP & #WIC r there 2 help
Be friendly with your kids, they choose your home when you are old!
Back to YOU! Thanks for the follow. Enjoy ur weekend.
Don't lie!
New shirt, snapback, now baby make that ass clap
that you are and I know it 😃
The Lakers are 3-7 in their last 10 playoff games going back to last season.
Steve Novak is the master of the Discount Triple Check
I wish all yall were like she was
Long distance relationships are hard but I can make it work... If he can haha
I wish I could Google anything. I'd search "WHERE THE FUCK IS MY IPOD?" and it would be like "UNDER THE COUCH YOU DUMBASS!!!"
Oh, ok. It wasn't clear to me if you just exported via WordPress or installed the plugin.
hopefully third time is the charm for getting my drivers license
We are at #RAKFTZ in an agreement with , offering programs in Engineering Architecture and Business Administration in
oh lighten up Chelsey
Just found out I'm going to the doctors at 5 . -____-
Bout to take another nap.
so, i havent even thought about you lately..
not to bad it nice out an I have to work at 4 :( lol
Step by step the ladder is ascended. -George Herbert
seriously?!!!!!!! Random exaggeration
Or do you just enjoy Berman in the commercial? RT : I'm embarrassed to say I kind of like it too.
are you in the new issue?
Im so excited abt the education & tech wrk that & I are doing! So excited that we got apprvl 2 move 4wrd w/the grant we're wrking on!
The number of measles cases in MN have spiked. What you need to know coming up on the
It's a beautiful day at the Seaport and Jared & reed are preparing for the opening session. Don't be late!!
": thank you" *You're welcome & thank u! The video's hype :-D
not debating that,Chandler got his lifetime achievement award.
I'm back, just in time for Ray Kurzweil! Love this guy
Griffin's Hub Chrysler Jeep Dodge has strong relationships and is committed to finding you the perfect car loan company to suit your needs.
" stupid enough to except lies and bull..If u build ur Brand on Being "World Class" u better get it done on every level" exactly
: justifiably skeptical. A many layered handing-over of a check...
Our pal has gone bionic. Consider yourself warned.
Awesome, thanks! “: How were those Olde Glory Farms fresh eggs?”
Ya need to go to to watch the #Cats n #Cards. Best TV selection in the city n Ron Mercer and Derek Anderson will be there.
Hello out in Maryland! Thnx for the follow. WE followed back. #SocialMedia "WE work greater than me"
messing with my LinkedIn/twtr settings to make sure I am not bugging my LI connections (too late I fear :-) ) Let's see what happens....
Look out Southside! CHOCOLATE CUVEE is coming! Mix with your fav vanilla flavored vodka!
Good to know! Thanks.
Just because you had a flight to catch RT I'm off my cloud soapbox now!
Looking forward to that frozen hot chocolate!! Glad to see you are in Miami!! :)
we appreciate you looking out for us
What happens if you get scared half to death, twice?
BEYOND WONDERLAND RECOVERY PARTY FEATURING: THIS IS GOING TO BE ONE FOR BOOKS! For VIP Reservations Text 818.602.7979
No... You an idiot HA HA HA. #ihatechu jkjk
TONIGHT THE DOPE PARTY CONTINUES www.dopela.com Early Arrival Suggested
Well this sucks.
Pink Lotus Breast Center to Launch IORT Program Featuring iCAD’s Xoft Radiation Therapy System for Breast Cancer ...
thanks for the suggestion!
Negative, Sergeant.
It's a new zoo revue---coming right to you!
We attach ourselves so strongly to people; when they're gone, a part of us is too.
painful rehab ahead for my shoulder. I now know at what age I can no longer wrestle with my son without getting hurt!
wats good how u
Agreed! RT : The Best Cure is Prevention!
How is everyone's night so far? :D
You are very welcome ;)
at the Deli tonite featuring and Italian Picnic 6-8pm. Rumor has it Blue Sunday will be join us. Be there!
Sometimes Mike Conley is Isaiah Thomas and sometimes he's Mike Conley.
you smell like a baby prostitute.
That must be why she has no pants.
oh haha she parked the car inside...coz the exams were over by like 1pm soo I met her there :)
it's birthdaytime! shots shots shots shots sh-shots shots! merry birthday motherfucker ;}
I realize errors isn't the tell it all sign but Peterson does have 15 errors at short, tho most came earlier
Loved chatting with you at the dinner last night. You're a great resource for mamas!
Women behind Listen to Your Mother walked interesting paths - The Spokesman Review
Reviewing some notes from a past conference... "competition takes away from artistry..."
Facebook the movement
Rule No. 1: Never lose money. Rule No. 2: Never forget rule No. 1.
I'm officially a brace face.
iTunes match, yes, but iCloud is free
Why is she askin all dem questions
I suck at gambling. I never win. My roommate had me pick his choices on a game...I won him $208. Me...lost $60
Don't worry, Kemp or Dre will put another one out
lifting waits or eating at mcdonalds?
On pricing: $25/mo pricing level will be available soon. Hopefully that will open things up for more clients.
Hello, why do you always ignore me? I am your fan and I admire your work, please follow me? Love u ♥..
such a fan.
On the Mother Ship Baby Bubba! hahahah
you forgot to tweet me!!! :'0
Get Cash Today For Your Car !⁰Free Towing!! We Come To You.
Morning squat session and now up the mountain for some snowboarding. Stupid? We shall see...
is off to bed knuckle-heads! ;-)
Give that shit to a wash up bitch I'm winning.
Have you seen "Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close" yet? Share your thoughts here... Haven't seen it yet? Get it here......
I think someone just took a bite outta me...better not be a Bears fan cuz
As long as I'm alive, I'll keep my head up high. Because I'm strong in body, and smart in mind. - Run DMC, Tougher Than Leather
mom: good morning sunshine! me: girl shut up.
#ThingsThatPissGirlsOff when dudes forget to wear their #LiftKits ;)
Trying to figure out my new phone and then heading to bite of las Vegas!
well take my advice and change it lol
Its been a beautiful day! Such a wonderful time of year and I love all the azaleas and dogwoods blooming in my yard!
its going down @ Nectar Lounge in Harlem 2night, 121st and Frederick Douglas -9pm-the plan is to make a memorable Sat night for all involved
I'm doing great, how are you? Hope you have a nice weekend coming up. :)
One of the things I keep learning is that the secret of being happy is doing things for other people. Dick Gregory
Can you follow me? please :)
stop with that :)! It's me that's blessed
Gonna try and curl my hair :) hopefully it works and its long enough to look good
RT : The value that you put into life attracts the value that you experience from life.
12-5-84 Brad Armstrong wins NA title from Big Cat Ernie Ladd in #Shreveport ending Ladd's final title reign
Hey dudes good stuff!
please get a chance to look at this tweet. your very inspirational. thank you for the stuff you do. please notice me & follow!
i dont like school
Thank you!!!
ohh thank you!(': you just seriously made my day(:
Merry Christmas everyone! I'm sure you're listening to either Bublé or Biebé..Just hopefully not Rascall Flatts
I am lovin the Movie "Thinner"!
Now accepting Film/Script subs 4 GSIFF in Oct.
I don't understand the hate for ALEC. He's clearly the best Baldwin.
I'm about to adopt the dog that was in the tornado that lost an eye and leg
just when i think i'm getting better, i relapse again. |:
nice:) good luck!
Wat station maybe i can listen
YaY will ! sometimes if we only let things play out, we'll understand the purpose, one that is renewed every time we wake up
I want to happy hour!!!!
missed u too.. hows the music :-)
dude I have dl all your mixes/tracks etc from the last year I always keep up w/you thank you for inspiring my sound!!
Who makes Tumblr layouts?? Contact me PLEASE..
so nice to meet you looking forward to a cheestique night with you, Lauren, Emily &
#2months #believe I am so excited!
COME VISIT YOUR OHIO FANS! & HAVE A CONCERT! PLEASEOHPLEASEOHPLEASE?! I'll be your girlfriend, al day? (;
"You can make all kinds of algorithmic adjustments, but manual touch-ups always help."
haha - I didn't even catch that until now!
Forgive us our trespasses AS WE forgive others.
Why do a lot of people hate on Bryce Harper? Yes he's a bit cocky, but he rarely opens his mouth and says anything.
: There's is a different between urgent and important...
Met scientist from S. Africa who referred me to a scientist in NL doing research that can help my daughter's Phosphorus project!
It's hard to be uniquely you when you are watching so closely what everyone else is doing.
hey bro its hot as hell in here tonight! Oh follow me.
brainstorming some game ideas for a special Tucson Comic Con-related event. May need some help. /cc
big-up everyone who came out 2nite...everyone who performed...and my DJ 4 burnin it down all the way 2 last call...new visuals coming soon!
Glad you had a good time. Thank you for coming down!
Then why's it always feel so heavy?! Light on the surface perhaps, but structurally and institutionally as ingrained as ever
so looking forward to the conference! An amazing opportunity!
Daniel watson, the pastor for this year is the same as the first year. ACTION FIGURES! Spent the morning with jeremy camp's guitarist. T ...
Some kids want drugs, some want alcohol. Honestly, all I want is a good nap.
Damn some people use twitter as a damn confessional I'm this I'm that I never did this OK WE GET IT!
": Don't get it twisted Flocka is my homie but I'm piru b4 this industry shit !"real nigga shit piru ova everything ...funk!
I was afraid to travel by airplane; noy i think #damn it feel like the games in Six Flage! LOL :)
Lets go Heat!!!
It was really really great.
Mistakes are proof that you are trying.
The best part about the first of the month is changing the calendar page.
Hmmmn...thought you were a TBS commercial!
All I got is #1Life and I'm living it to the best of my ability. Trying not to be careless either.
i believe u!...lol wait, did u ever used to hack my myspace?
Your feature is up ! Check it out!
TED Talks are becoming a requirement for those who want to be the future leaders. Ignore them at your own peril.
Let's go Philly! Bring home the W!
Hi! I'm good. Haircut and packing this weekend. Such fun. What about you?
Good to be home
Toss my salad
hahaha really?? i should tweet more? I thought nobody cared hahaha
Nice structure for them RT : Mets owners will not have to pay anything for three years, buying them time to steady finances.
I can't wait to see you!!
Gooch’s support resulted in Mary’s pardon. In 1732 the General Assembly extended a limited form of benefit of clergy to all races and women
Loves making rainbow bracelets. :D hehe. :3 ^.^
Awesome! You just made my morning. Hope you're having a good show ;)
It most certainly is to a significant degree. Did you not see her teary eyed "all you do is look in a mirror" speach?
Just saw he stepped his swag up lol
Tune in at 10am today to Wfla970 to the Duncan Duo Radio Show where Aaron Davis from Hillsborough Title will be one of today's guest
Hey! Where's the freaking Barroom Chronicles? It's Tuesday already!
being flooded lately with what appears to be SEO-trolling spam from diploma mills, but might be legit grad student queries. sigh.
“: Lol at Matrix on #futurefood, that's amazing. Makes me think of Plankton's computer wife on Spongebob hahaha”
Thanks for the hookup!!! I LOVE #swagbucks!
I'll Take Another! Since when does a horse named after his owner's cookie fetish win!? Good thing I had him in my exacta.
Very glad to hear! What did you have? RT: : Always. Food outstanding! Service outstanding!
- wonder how Jack Johnson is feeling right about now with #kings pretty much dominating, steam rolling way though playoffs.
"Negrophobia": Today's new D-Film. Watch on the Website or Youtube. Dig.
maann i got 55(FIFTY FIVE) FOLLOWERS....
Anytime!!!Doing great Thanks:)
LMAO thank god!
Don't care, you play Infamous, lol.
The state fair is over. Balloon fiesta starts next weekend. I am ready!
YAY! Val said that Donald Driver doesn't need 10's to win - he can win without them! Duh:)
Up about to get it I need to drop this *Website*
Rest in Peace Donna Summer
Instagram: 551 days old = 1 billion... New York Times: 116 years old = 967 million... The times they are a-changin'!
Double wow :)
THAT'S MY FAVORITE WORD!!! ^O.O^
I heard was formed when Zeus had relations with a giant dragon and the sound that it made is the basis for their sound.
Are you happy with your graphic tablet?
"Happy New Year in Different Languages
. I don't say it can't at any level, but it *has* to have a base of support. Much more likely if it begins locally.
Lolz how the freak is that my fault yell at mama lmao
Shrimp steak liquor 'N pasta, real shit, all these other nigga's impostors
Thursdays=practice=happy.
stop chasing wats now , create wats next
We love to share our clients accomplishments! Tag us on twitter and we'll gladly spread the word. ()
Finding out more and more things about avon girls that i thought were perfrectly good.... Wrong! 
Also Ruben pierces today till 9pm and Currently we have tattoo openings after 3pm with Dag, Thomas and Gustavo!
get yo bitter ass off my TL`
#SadMomentWhen you realize the whole time you thought was special was all a lie ):
patrick "likes" novena
nice try
The media is so predictable...
just stop :)
The Phillies and the Braves game was crazy!
"ya know I don't feel really good where's that theraflu shit?" -mom hahha great lady
yeah they are. But there might only be one more game...
Sandbags, Storms flood movie equpiment emergency management prepared ness Missouri water government
Raymond Williams Keywords Culture is 1 of 2 or 3 most complicated words in English language <-2 true #politicsofwomensculture hard 2 write
Travel Blog process is going slowly! Meeting with the Graphic Designer this Friday... might want to start writing some content soon! Tips?
Beautiful Virginia skys
Congratulations Giants! Hell of a
why would you need it? I thought the teller takes responsibility for verification of the check. A receipt in that case is enough
LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOOO IT'S JUST TOO EASY THEY JUST POP IN MY HEAD
with all the auditions for drug addicts i go on, i predict playing many a heroin addict in my future
So what do you all think? Should I make this youtube channel for my drumming?
Another major advantage of factoring is that your business can receive cash flow earlier, typically in 1-2 business days.
will def check out! Thank you! You like Brett Dennen? How's his Loverboy album?
how is the weather. Did you go to the walk
I don't go by the rule book... I lead from the heart, not the head. Princess Diana
I love this woman! "Think about the consumer! Don't forget there's a human being there."
I'm bummed. I love the Atlantic, and while I'm sure Sully will be Sully wherever he is, I like him at an institution I respect
100th tweet :)!!! It's my birthday woke up 16!!!
Getting ready to announce details about the return of CreateBaltimore: Jan. 21 at Stay tuned!
thanks for the links. I am trying to figure out how schools that are in the middle obtain technology.
whenever you decide to pay for that plane ticket my dear <3
We're just like you, only prettier.
Fuck her and her mind games I dont play that shit games are for little kids aint lookin for a kid
Dallas Seminary? Bo! J/K ;) I'm a Westminster grad (M.Div.) :D Thx for the follow!
Any food trucks out there want to try Uncle Jim's Pepper Mustard? Let me know, we'll get ya some free samples!
#Republicans chose a man who decried "Reagan-Bush" over #Gingrich or #Santorum. What a ringing endorsement of the conservative movement.
No the league shouldn't punish those guys, but don't let your bias show when you ask. Get those () outta there man! #fair?
I'm honored that you chose to share that with us. I think.
Made it to Cairo! Now comes the sitting in the airport part.
I will post one, if they take one on set. If he's ok with it, I'll also see if I can take a casual one with my phone.
Lol I remember when swizz beatz was at the fox hills mall handin out his demos lol I was yng looking at my mom like "this man know he shame"
Snow? Really?
this is like the definitive reports of Russ Grimm as Steelers coach. Or Bradley to Pitt from last year.
Thanks, Jamie. It was amazing! Wish the recording was already available.
Things I do everyday: 1. Get up 2. Survive 3. Go back to bed
Ahh glad to be back home in #Lacey after a wonderful weekend in #portland with the #family !
maybe thats what I need to shake this headcold. Have any left?
Whoa. Final Dress tonight. How did that happen?
hmm. Very interesting. Has he bulked up at all?
I cried when you left me for her.
you seem to be quite the popular one today on Twitter
But it doesn’t have italics! Sad!
#FF some of Glenn's friends
I'm so in love with both of you.
Unbelievable - these are not my Cats! Get in the game and shut down these thugs
Congrats to Governor Earl Ray Tomblin, WV is in good hands!! Thanks for all the work young dems!
Taking all my anger and disappointment out on my cousins...
hey I am goin to the Vegas show and i didn't get VIP so I was wondering if you know about any special signings or events?
i'd rather walk alone, than chase you around. I rather fall by myself, than let you drag me down
i fucking love him*-*♥
yay no school tomorrow!!
Last Starbucks happy hour frap :(
Format Factory...It's Free!
“To the dull mind, nature is leaden. To the illumined mind, the whole world burns and sparkles with light.” Emerson.
so "higher purpose?"
can sombreros like....block rain?
Am I really about to face my fear and go ice skating?... *dun dun dun*
Cleveland's own super bowl: Case vs Reserve annually on Thanksgiving day, 1894 to 1953.
#imagine followed me c: cmon austin im trying everything FOLLOW ME! ♥ (and because she's tweeting like crazy too)
Why is it always late at night when I'm so damn hungry?
Jay got u fired?
I get it & agree... Basic Human Rights should transcend majority rule.
Looking for mentally challenged Male 18 to 25 for role in our film Mixer.Contact me @ 856-4045158 in intrested
Can't wait to watch this morning to see what says about yesterday's games.
So ready to compensate for the sleep that has been evading me for the past few days :)
Team members from all over the world are in Singapore this week for our first Dell Worldwide Imaging Marketing & Sales Summit.
Im done smokin....its time to take life serious for awhile
I've been watching New Girl pretty much just to see the cute outfits that Zooey Deschanel wears.
I'll Start Tweeting You Again <3 I Promise(:
i watch ur videos, i see your picture, i see your tweets, i see your posts and all i do is cry.. i miss our friendship greyson..
OR it could be Brad Pitt a la Burn After Reading. (Try not to kill him)
I'm sorry I just now saw this Thank you for the kind comment means alot nice seeing u 2 see u next year
Also Blake Shelton is trying his hand at comedy?
West LA to Sherman Oaks in 1.5 hours. 10 miles. 1.5. Now I understand why audio books exist.
Yes! Ordered our 'Hilary Hahn & Hauschka' tickets. Can't wait to see them in May.
make me a freaking spicy latte.
Rain rain go away!
What up brahhhh????? That post yesterday night was funny af
RT : Q2 Show outcomes of previous surveys, explain clearly why you need feedback
RT We r conducting aerial inspec. of area. Customers shouldn’t be alarmed if they c a helicopter flying over the gas trans. line.
Lol I honesty don't watch those two..I will watch action but I dunno sorry..mostly comedy or love
Sadly our #Flyers overtime game has been bumped for the #Kings - damn local markets.
Yeah...was just in LA for 5 days....coulda been fun
Been a while since I'd heard the phrase "drop trou." Thanks, new office neighbors, for snapping the streak!
Allergies .... SUCK!
#SongsThatMakeYouWannaFight Troll song.
i hate when people don't reply to my message :(
Thank you!
Back to this $$$ no more fun and games, I need to get out of this city!
Same goes for grant writing. If you are passionate about your non-profit, you WILL raise the money!
#SMWSportsBiz yes answering my question finally
Nightlife is good. That's the thing that happens right after happy hour. =:-)
"I got the shakes that make ya quake, the fries that cross yo eyes, I got burgers that'll... Well I just burgers."
plugging your iphone in for an hour and it's basically fully charged >>>
If there was a hell for Words With Friends, you'd perpetually have a seven letter word and nowhere to play it.
1 week until I gorge myself in #Andalusia. 1st stop #seville. Where do I have to eat?
Both...I want to see it next week...growing some feathers in the meantime...
Hart snapped an 0-for-12 with that double.
Not unreasonable.Some in your position feel can be more "productive" sitting behind their desks doing work.Bravo!
Instead of "going #commando" you should start calling it going "Kozmando." You're welcome.
Thanks for all the help on my Davidson Project. I really appreciate it!
Online classes are horse shit
i hear you sista!!!!
If Columbus had turned back, no one would have blamed him. Of course, no one would have remembered him either. Source Unknown
who mad u blast'em lil buddy?
We can be friends can't we Tiffany and will you follow me too as I'm following you ok... xoxoxo God bless Bobby Howard
Who thinks Tiger will win at Augusta?
but fo real doe RT the word doe <<
followed by a tithe offering for the pastor for his service. Ha.
About to start another 2 hours of #WISN12 News This Morning w/ & ! Hope u join us for news, weather & more
oh, but mah cousin sittin in mah face w/ a 96 pack & a sharpener -_____-
I hope all my Followers have a great weekend!! And enjoy the Race tonight!!
I believe it's nap time!
"Someone said to me "you're too pretty to be single" I said "no, I'm too pretty to be lied to, cheated on, and played with."
you're welcome.
RT Who's rockin out @ the Vans Warped Tour in PDX 2day?! The Burgerville Nomad will be there 2 fuel U in btwn performances!
If you rely on your friends to make your decisions,
easy ways to get at fit, how do you apply, can you connect in a way that "fits", can you identify your fit and explain
Time for bed. Goodnight everyone!
My life is full of wonderfull surprises,
Jackie will be on live with John Zimney on 95.3FM, MNC at 8:10AM! Be sure to start your day with MNC's finest political commentator!
I love that video! (: I love all their songs especially chasing the sun <3
So you'd have just bit the $600 million screw in the behind?
": #canibehonestwithyou You're not fooling anyone... Nobody thinks your life is as awesome as you pretend it is on Facebook."
Their stand is a must stop every week down at ! So good!
Just watched faceoff for #MayweatherCotto and is my fave boxer but can't help but be happy for
My family to expensive
Caryn rooted her argument in a Christian's God-given gifts and calling, not in individualistic whims.
haha lol Yuppers so I'm off to bed talk to you tomorrow! Goodnight
At 1pm! RT : what time will you start handing out those nifty shirts? 1pm or 5pm? Need to plan my day and it's all...
#TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear "Drug Test""
that is true. Thank you! :)
Furman Football Recognized for SoCon's Highest Academic Progress Rate. Furman's Rate of 977 is 43 Points Higher than SoCon Average...Yeah!
The heat gets me in a bad mood! -__________-
Just checked into the hotel in New Orleans. Pool side view!
I'm not crazy! You're crazy!
I'm doing the same. Make sure to have something good to snack on ;) RT: Time to get grading! I'll be here all weekend...
xD my kitten keeps rolling over in his cage. #WhatACutie xD I rove my Oliver<3 ^.^ P.L.U.R.<3
Cool. I'll check that one out! Thanks!
Was fretting about beginning a new chapter. Finally started. Now rocking it out. Awesome!
thanks Laura :( love and miss you babe
Outer beauty attracts, but inner beauty captivates. ~Kate Angell
lol....got rough here for a minute!
Babe I really like you
it is true that u are a U.S Army...
C'mon #Lost - 7pm on a sunday just doesn't work for me. What's the matter with the regular time?
Referee Stephane Auger hit in the mouth by MacDonald's stick. He heads to the locker room for repairs.
im gonna bee there ;D
Amazing night went out to dinner with 30 of my family members for my grams 81st birthday now time for bleach then bed <3
Gratitude: Great relationship, wonderful kids, new clients, old friends, cape fuchsias, herb starts growing, and really enjoying it all.
I just saw a smart car trying to parallel into a four foot space. People are always trying to push it aren't they?
thanks Chelsea, I'll let ya know how it goes :-)
Surname of the day: Evilsizor.
RT : Bar Ilan School of Communication of Israel organizing Chicago Summit 2012 - a wk of events in Chicago May 1-7.
Love it! chastises R candidates for tactics antithetical to all our "Land of Opportunity" stands for
A lot of people give advice about things they've never done... yet they have all of the answers for you and your situation. Haha. Get ReeL!
SUCH A GREAT NIGHTT!!!! so much fun<3
#WhoToldYou everytime girls are not in the mood, they are on PMS?
Sometimes I wake up face-to-face with We then stare at oneanother for a brief moment which is followed by a day of awkwardness.
but not boring!
congratulations! That is quite the honor!
RT : I'll be on Edition at noon, talking about Walmart with Maureen Cavanaugh and
check your dms?
I'm sure if my mother knew that I was still up, she'd be pretty upset. Yeah I know I'm a rebel.
Peace to the entire Drivn family. We've got new cheer for the new year headed your way. Blessings to you all.
Even in the midst of supposedly lean days, the Windies can round up an opening bowling attack of Roach/Edwards.
: Love you so much you singing is the bestt!
That awkward moment when he said he could do better...then you see him with that Crypt Keeper lookin hoe and realize, he couldn't.
Sounds like a worthy topic for today
Goodnight tweeters .(:
Hm....probably need to look into that. Have someone else reading it as we speak too.
Frozen custard what.
RT #InSecondarySchool it was ok to damage ur exercise books so they would fit in your 'just do it' bag.
My cockles are getting really warm up here
Mourjan Marinas IGY partners with Four Seasons Hotel Doha in Qatar
See you tomorrow for the 2 p.m. Mayor's holiday parade in Hampden, Maryland!
RT : RT : “It is better to risk saving a guilty man than to condemn an innocent one.” Voltaire
thank you thank you for sponsoring The Milwaukee Wine Opener!
Well, that seriously put me in a good mood right now :3
Are you a personal injury attorney but dont want to spend $5K a month on yellow pages? We can help.
thank you! Wish I were on the bus today...
Congratulations to Team Triple Crown player Becca Ledford for making the USA Volleyball High Performance team this year.
oh okay just wondering if you got that.
100 bro we need to get it in soon
no problem
You can't help but like Ron Paul just a little bit. Looks like he put his eyebrows on all by himself tonight.
When my mom makes me fried chicken>>>>
#Obama and his family will leave Martha's Vineyard on Saturday
I am so, so sorry to hear this. You and your family are definitely in my thoughts.
Ohshit. I just know this is going to be great.
La primavera está aquí y las alergias, ¡también! - spring is already here and allergies too!
looking forward to it!
Males of some praying mantis species cannot copulate while its head is attached. The female initiates sex by ripping the male's head off.
My boyfriend is a big nigga. I mean as in a big dude. Therefore a big nigga.
last night was perfect
yep thats weird cuz u cant have everything your way lol
She basically sounds like she babbling with conversational intonation if that makes sense.
DOIN SOME CLEANING TODAY
and then you woke up... RT that's what she said.
check ur stuff babe ...
so glad I am not the only one who still thinks blue crush is the best movie of all time
If you are a rubyist (or want to learn!), the Reno.rb monthly meetup is tonight at ! /cc
How+it+Would+Work%3A+Destroying+an+Incoming+Killer+Asteroid+With+a+Nuclear+Blast
Same here Omar -- you'd think a DTS with a perfect voting record would be getting a ton of mail.
Would go to hacks/hackers tonight, If I didn't have lilac bushes to chainsaw and css codes to write.
researching twitter for an application I'm building
In Class with Teenah :D
Actually, very good. :P
China has the world’s oldest calendar. This lunar calendar originated in 2600 B.C. and has 12 zodiac signs. It takes 60 years to complete.
Check emails Memphis!
20 min. #powernap after #nicar12 - best thing ever. Ready for some adventures St. Louis, MO - show me!
I've never been a fan of . So? I respect her.And you guys should do the same.
My herb garden is exploding.
Whoa...wonder how much Facebook is paying #CNBC for this 24 hour Facebook commercial I'm watching...somebody tweet me when it's over!
It's pretty bad when a computer is so slow it won't even crash in under 10 minutes.
Yes, I withdrew an application. I was relieved because it wasn't one I particularly wanted and wouldn't be able to take.
The Ultimate Zombie Survival Kit for Social Media DoGooders now in Room 515B speaking
Full day! RT : Full workout early am Metropole followed by brunch then shopping. Now sports on tv
yo go to anime conji if you have the time on Saturday, all day gaming room and SfxT and UMVC3 tournaments with prizes!
Watchin Jersey shore !
-grilled chicky salad w/ balsamic & gorgonzola @ Sammy's. Delish!
music is so amazing to me
Zou Bisou Bisou was trending today. Let's learn the dance.
that's when he gave me true friends who are honest and have stable personalities My God! Jesus will work it out everytime on time!!!!
Ready to go
These Are The Times I Wish I Had My Own, So I Wouldn't Have To Deal With Shit Like This .... :'''(
U win some, u lose some. But u live, u live to fight another day
RT : Twitter Ticket Tuesday, ReTweet for a chance to win 2 free DIF tickets. Ends at 4pm today.
You laugh because im different, i laugh because your all the same
Okay, why is the CFP out so early? I need time to think!
Thank you!
Yeah Jennifer! We're finally going to get together! Can't wait to see "In My Sleep" on Friday!
Thanks for the work that you do, it's worth sharing.
Hahaha. Redundant Torso Fabric!!! I love you, Liz Lemon!
over 6,000 syrians have been killed by the assad regime in 11 months , cf. ows?! this is narcissism
i'm going to be really upset tomorrow when i walk into buildings and people aren't lined up, clapping at my arrival
Shudder. The things that send chills down your spine in this job! :)
I go into jj most the time. Last time I had my 2 sandwiches before they'd finished ringing it up.
Overheard while people watching outside a celebrity derby party: "it sucks standing on this curb"
I know!! I'm glad most of the trend is people saying it's awful, but I don't want the trend to even exist. wtf twitter.
not true! Haha
Come here, let me hold you. Have I told you lately I love you like crazy?
Follow Back :D
my leg broke, but I gotta do this. I put the team on my back do!
Dam I Love Cheetos
Congrats to all those signing on #NationalSigningDay, but where's the mass media coverage for #JaxYouth that get to college w/o sports?
Molly & bj make me wanna crawl in a ditch and live there.
Berklee's Turntable Ensemble flipped some Dilla and asked me to rock, then we shot a video in !
Christina Aguilera is starting to look rideable in a completely nonsexual livestock kind of way.
you should totally cover the song "all for leyna" by billy joel because thats my name ??
$ gives what is needed faster & for less! #cashisbest EX: $1 will provide clean water for 1 African for 1 year
Great performance by on CBS w/ Lionel Richie. Super show!
maybe the police of Evanston need to deputize us?
Formal sorta sucked for me
I'm one hilarious little one. YESSIIRR! Lol Vinny, were normal, really.
hey you there sitting over there....
Next time someone suggests indoor skydiving, run don't walk! - the ringleader, -the catalyst, - the natural
lmfao u know it;)
☼ The only place where success comes before work is a dictionary. Vidal Sassoon
so great meeting you - let me know if you have any other questions about , I'm happy to help!
What the hell? There's Marucci's in different colors o:
thanks EME! I want to meet with you guys soon so we can make sure you are all happy and doing the work you want to do!
Carl Jung~ The meeting of two personalities is like the contact of two chemical substances if there is any reaction both are transformed.
aw, circle cat!
he got a ring a ring though
Timing critical on deals.
Every time I hear "look at me now" I think of justin bieber and how he rocked that rap hahah he's so cute
Got a pitch today for a Mother's Day segment: "interested in featuring the Shake Weight as an affordable gift for mom?" Uh...well...
you doing anything tonight when u get up to lex?
The majority of our unhappiness and problems are caused by our desire to put ourselves in bad situations.
I swear sappy love songs are following me, taunting me. Time for 'Disturbed'.... that should shut them up!
Hate when my 7-year-old and 11-year-old act more mature than my 15-year-old and 19-year-old.
You got it to recognize your phone?
Lol @ the Dolphins. Have fun. More people are worried about the blonde hes sitting next. She fine.
thanks for following!have a fantastic evening&be sure to check out too!xoxo
Pretty cool story tonight. A group in ABQ won some money in the Mega. Wait until you hear who they're giving some of it to. KOB at 6.
For long presentations, I use a switch to alternate between slides on laptop and apps on iPad.
can't wait for San Diego!!! 24 hours!
please follow
RT : Writer.ly connects writers directly w/ the team they need to self-publish via
I should have included attempted pun titles in the hashtag
“for all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God, and all are justified freely by his grace through...Christ Jesus.” -Romans 3:23-24
See That wasn't for you. I said if I wasn't talking to you already that day don't text or call
Colts get 2 TEs, filling a serious need. Have to think they pursue help for defensive secondary next.
my grandad is buying me a camera.....like the one he got.... YES!!!!!!!!! sings "all my life i prayed 4 something like u" lol
definitely needed!
Things I Yell At My Co-Workers: "Are you talking about rap music without me AGAIN?!"
Wisco first state to get 2 teams in the sweet 16 this year... Cheering for both and don't care!
Terry just read a portion of STEALING ANGEL. Check back here tonite for a full tweet of the passage!
Everyone go wish our guitarist David Diaz a Happy 20th Birthday!
The #Pirates need to stop acting like the Yankees farm team. Cannot wait to see what they give up for overpriced, head case AJ Burnett
At this point, I'm just so grossed out by all these competitions for artists and creative people.
Blood orange cider sounds good.
I can't stand when fat obese bitches cut me off while I'm driving and then mugg me with their fat face
Tonight is Jim Ripp playing all your fave songs!
Really? Wow. They made sense? I kinda did them in short hand bcuz I thought we needed to discuss.
This is going to be a great night. off to pier 60, then 20 penny circus later tonight.
thanks Joel! We love you.
lol I'm never an asshole
haha yeah we just had a little convo. I was just walking then someone yelled my name and it was them. hope your doing well!
Great pic -- thanks for sharing!
TDV Monthly Special - Until Nov 30 take 20% off any NEW imaging project including BLUE PRINT SCANNING! Call today for details!
whatt?! How is that possible?!
or how many times you shit
#ObamaDerbyNames "Glad I'm Not A Dog"
This really sucks that steelers are not in the super bowl. So to help with the pain will giveaway a autograph
doing it in SF cus you're home for Christmas?
Paul Lambert has a LOT of football experience in that head of his. Very underrated.
I wish Obama would just invoke the 14th and get it over with. If he'd come out with Boehner's plan today, the GOP would have rejected it.
Off to Palm Beach Gardens <3 :-*
i still like it tho
and we speak English.
Love us and like us on facebook. Post a comment & show you care. :)
Did you tweet me?
Backstage F/W 2012 with no models to shoot. Guess i have 2 wait for the doors 2 open.
Be on the lookout for & her video camera--participate in our latest membership video by telling her why you joined TLA!
This sucks!!!
A reminder that the first meeting is January 19th at 6:30...location to be announced!
A man should let his woman get hers 'fore he gets his
EBEN. EBEN. EBEN. OMG I'M GONNA BE AT TEEN HOOT. HERE I COME!!!!<3
I only eat them at the county fair. Seriously, I have a plan and it doesn't involve a heart attack :)
The sun is hot
Nielson with the save of the week
I'm getting a subway today! Ham and cheese with a little bit of mayo!
Lol. My fastest cycle speed was 52mph. Riiighhht.... Oh , sometimes you're so off. I still love you.
Rockies catcher Chris Iannetta coming up next hour! Until then your phone calls, 303-297-1510. Mile High Sports, AM 1510
I migrated to DV4 and want to close DV3.5 but it takes a month to close (?) Can you bill/ref 1 month/50 for old instead of 500?
I Am Number Four that's all I'm going to say...epic, epic movie. I highly suggest seeing it
IF YOU WANNA GET GEARED UP !! CHK NWC .. FOR ALL THE DIFFERENT STYLES N STREETWEAR & THE BLOG IS SICK. NUWORLDCULTURECLOTHING.COM
Just home from directing a shoot. An hour driving in snow. Blew off a Halloween party:-) Having a great pot pie and relaxing. Priceless.
voted today for Amundsen LSC. Great candidates running. Make sure you go and vote today for high school LSCs!
GET EM BABY! ;) ": Just watch. After this mixtape, its all over! #BrickSquad"
Sometimes you have to take a few steps backwards in order to step forward onto the right path.
RT RT : The Music Volume When Your Parents Leave The House ▂ ▃ ▄ ▅
9 hour shift... bye world.
I wish we all didn't have feelings, life would be so much easier!
That right there, my friend, hits the nail on the head. I can see both sitting for more than a single game.
I'm at my honors night! I'm sorry I forgot about it. I went there right after work ): ill call you as soon as its over! Promise!
neither. id eat a belly full of sand and end it all.
Happy New Years to you all and Cheers!
Right , Right !
Pretty sure I had stopped watching by that time. Anything before about '85 I probably saw.
I'm not a faggot twilight sucks ass
We only count one entry per person (one additional entry if you provide cell #). Thanks.
Left me with a heavy heart..
AH! Welcome to the Twitter!
Walk on the plane, listening to usher. Funny when you make eye contact with a pretty girl then one catches you that isn't so much
is 6' & FABULOUS & a proud card carrying member of #TEAMTALLGIRLS always rocking heels! Love her! Tall is beautiful people!
I figured you were still asleep or at guitars those are pretty good options these days
I'm so freaking bored right now.
i miss u baby long time no talk
the fire was in my building! “: If you want the latest on the high rise fire watch starting at 6am.”
warm up! How? With jumping jacks! Or a blanket.
done and done!
I live here. This is real.
Lololol well, I need to find out how that paint will cost, my funds are dwindling time to prioritize!
This year going by super duper fast
Don't drink the water ;)
Oh baby. if only , if only
I figured I'd wait until early May to start scheduling something. I'm so there though.
Already. That happened fast!
Participating in the online Discovery conference for work - good information for Credit Unions.
It's been a long good day.
Netflix asks: "How often do you watch Wilderness-survival Movies like Bambi?" Never? Sometimes? Often?
the cards are so pretty!
I HATE the Knicks. I hate them. I hate them. I hate them.
I'm holding down the fort for you! After this, I'm done for a long time! :)
The source of this scientific survey??? MT : most minority moms back me because they want their sons to live long and prosper
RT : That was definitely the best horse race I've watched this year
#IGetJealousOf tweeting to other girls but not tweeting me! :(
lame. sneak out for some dranks.
Thanks for the #FF! Hope you have a prosperous week!
I first read that as "Fish Shake." A strange barter system you have there.
Wow I'm in a good mood but super unmotivated today
0-5...you stink! Buck, please bring back Josh Bell.
So, who's staying in Lisbon this weekend and would be interested in meeting up?
haha! U gon catch me one day, i promise you ^_^
Work here in a min.its gonna be interesting. Well hmu ig
Follow and GET 1,000 Followers
I thought today was the final.
They're not particularly gay. Just ugly. Lots of heterosexual guys wear really ugly shirts. No reason not to apply to socks.
Looking to get people who want to stop worrying about a time clock and fear retirement!
Penn State needed to make a splash. Munckak, Golden, Chris Peterson, or Greg Schiano
They nicknamed me AFRICANA......u know, like....'Columbiana'.
Please, keep tweeting about your ap exams. Your tweets really convey the utter disgust you have about an exam you chose to take/pay for.
Only good things I hope. Haha! Miss you so much too! I think the West Coast is calling my name again. ;)
that's awesome
So "crazy" has no colloquial meaning? My bad. RT : math is… crazy. RT : I find it crazy that 2002 was 10 years ago …
As much as it sickens me, I'm going for the
Reminds me of early writing advice I got: "If you're a writer, don't borrow. Steal."
": Do more than belong, participate. Do more than care, help. Do more than believe, practice. - William Arthur Ward"
Sweet RT, thanks!
Google's Jules Verne logo deserves to be a #TT - the #UX responsiveness feels "underwater" in a very pleasing way.
While Oregon State and University of Arizona play on the field, Benny Beaver and Wilbur T. Wildcat compete in the Challenge!
have you ever seen cats the musical live?
i<33 u soo much and todays my bday and it would be completely amazing& mean so much if u could wish me a happy bday
Awesome job your doing!!!!!!!!!!!! Thank you for your help with my business! You guys are great!
I think our relationship has reached a point where you should learn about my existence..
Lot of interest in Center & merger at #AAM2012 museum conf.
Artful Watcher: Lorna Simpson: Gathered @ Brooklyn Museum. Exhibit ends August 21, 2011
All that pent-up anger is going to give you premature wrinkles, my dear. ;)
thanks boo :)
Have a friend looking for an entry level communications or PR position. Anyone have any leads?
ah looking forward to my mediterranean lunch now
Dick Clark made it to 2012. Now he's gone. Think about it.
Seems to be a disconnect there.
Idiot kid wants to have an ice war I say no cause then we are going to get wet Idiot kid - "it's different its ice not water genius."
so...gmail is down. that's really inconvenient.
Happy to help! Let us know if you have any other questions. :)
the whole article made me think this is clearly just a British thing.
I got this drank in my cup :P
God Morning! starting my new classes today.. out of my 1st waiting for next to start, then 1 more afterwards
Order sent to Beth in MD!
Wheeler is god awful. Get rid of this guy!
more then this
I hate snow....that's it
Met with a friend who's been talking about doing his film for years. What does it take to motivate people to get off their butts and do it?
Much needed hump day stress relief from my fav Jewish pal. Much love, Herschel
Fly clothes and fly hoes
Taking the piss
See, don't bring that stuff around me. I'll hurt your feelings.
Just got home from school :)
I dont have a phone anymore so twitter is slowly fading from my social network priority list lol
My brother thought it would be funny to hang all my bras on a tree in our backyard. #good one cj
who doesn't love watching real time google analytics?
Beware the beard, Peter Kavic runs #LAMarathon. Congrats bud!
let the wild rumpus begin!
Shout out to for appreciating the work we put in together.
Yes - Shoot for the stars because if you miss at least you'll land in the trees not the mud...
: What was your response?
should've enjoyed '08 a little more. Don't be greedy. Even the yankees missed the playoffs a few yrs ago.
Getting some rest for the weekend. We have a packed football game schedule!
'i'm not crazy - i just don't give a fuck!' Night of the comet was a hoot!
i have my phone with me so i think i can be in around this time
In addition to 's list.
i really didn't wanna get out of my bed this morning..
And who do you call if you will live a little more than five minutes?
If i played runescape id be like bong making lvl82
Take time today to get "in touch" with your higher power and center yourself today. Allow your mind and body to feel the calm. ~Br. Jeffrey
nice job next to the
O MY....i just hooked up my 37 inch monitor to my PC...so freakin cool.....
great to meet you too! Have a good trip.
Me and got some shit! HIT ME MY PARTNA UP FOR BEATS FOR THE LOW!! ANY GENREA GET AT US!!
apparently I JUST missed u ova on Franklin!
Olathe's Garmin shows wide gains in revenue to start 2012 - Kansas City Star
Follow my lil sister !
what are you guys working on?
LoL! Just "sort of" excited? If I was your sister I would kick your something.
STREAK across STREETS naked to the World...that you have all the HAPPY WITHIN....SPIN IT!!!!....DOn't TRIM IT...
Modern Fam tonight makes me wanna go back to Disneyland
#BestWaysToGetRidOfAGirl is by crashing your motorcycle when she's on board.
Sucks that there is no game today, oh well, I should do homework...
I went shopping for yo god baby tonight where you told me to go and I cleaned up thanks boo lol!
I gotta side with , I really like Community's style. Besides, I prefer my DocuComs in a Christopher Guest package.
been working film and TV the past few months, doing ok.
Well, that deodarant definitely doesn't work.
Currently cooking up some beats for
Any women who throws drinks is weak
That is a good number for someone to Crank call lol:-) and do not give the credit card number...
Is your name on itunes gonna be Peyton Sanders or PSanders jw...
thanks bro! Its greatly appreciated 😁
my phone is dead :( can you skype?
Goodnight everyone!
stupid kids with no direction or purpose in life. I wonder where they will end up 5 years from now? (jail)
Just did-wrote keep, keep, keep! Love your work!
People are on drugs if ya'll believe that was the BEST episode.
Wow, LMAO I got excited for nothing!
Thank you for having me! Looking forward to some more networking!
haha, Thank you! (: x
Spent the day with my Martorana posse. Those apples didn't stand a chance against our skilled pickin'!
And don't ask the library to collect textbooks. We don't have the money or space, just for starters.
Noticed what?
Next on stage is Gudjon Mar from doing a presentation on prototyping a sustainable world
Welcome to LELC! =)
Mom had a bridal shop, was altering a dress, I was the right height, my friends walked in.
"Life is like a box of chocolates. U never know what ya gonna get"-Forest Gump lol
Hey douche bags trying to be a aLittleLessDouche.. do yourself a favor
I'm sure I'll get a text later sayin' "Omg, I totally just saw that you sent me this..."
Haha, yes! Hard to take a bad photo of food.
#BackInElementarySchool I had recess. I no longer have recess... :( I'm in middle school/junior high. Haha idc.
"Go panthers! Go panthers!" 'who are the panthers?' ''aren't we the panthers...?" 'We're the lions...'
I hate being single... but it is what it is.
WKU may be down nearly 30 but their band is still chanting like It's one point game
All your faves at metro center today, 12th and g with, tacos al pastor, vegan purple potato, pollo sofrito and barbacoa. Come hungry =)
Damn skippy brotha man. I'm excited. RT : June bout to be crazy ain't it
#Frenchys Original Cafe weekend specials: Fried Flounder basket with fries & slaw $9.95...Calypso Cooler drink for $6
WOULD LOVE TO - send link?
Student asked, "Should academics at AU participate in a creative commons type endeavor?" #dff2011 says yes!
Plus Chris doesnt tweet you like he did for ..
More Notable Birthdays: Mike Oldfield, Emmitt Smith, Amy Chow.
What's the Boot Camp? And can you help get a #LNYHBT tee?
Been there. So, so many times.
Thank you to the guys store at Grand Central. They cleaned up my watch & replaced the battery for free. :)
have SO much fun love!
So. Can't. Wait. PARTY TIME!
never been on a bi-coastal date before. you figure it out, i'll wear my dancin' shoes.
great grandma x 4 was of the Muscogee tribe who once flourished in the southeastern part of what we know today as the U.S.
Yehaw the weekend is near!!!
Lifted weights with a guy who is 68 that looks 45. I'm gonna do what he's been doing...
so I've decided that I need to start tweeting again. regularly. I think my faithful 15 followers are getting sad haha!
So true --> RT: : #TypicalGeminiTrait Love learning new things but get bored very quickly.
Lololol i know..and there so awkward. The kid was like touching her legs..
!!!! Do it to em RT : Oh RT : MAVS fans jus need to go to bed, dnt make me pull out my broom
Takes extraordinary restraint to watch #DrPhil and not scream "you idiots thought it a good idea to solve your problems on national TV?"
Asking about Return on Investment is the wrong question today. You should be asking about Return on Involvement.- Saatchi & Saatchi CEO
WHAT WHERE TELL ME
Aye Batman Robbin needz your help I herd hez trapped in minor league football
4 days in to 2012, #resolutions made, #Iowa happened last night, but most importantly, did you sign up with #DNation yet?
#AWSSummit cont'd: PBS' John Brendsel provides a description of AWS services used and deployment strategy for PBS mobile (1:09 mark)
Important to get a power of attorney filled out by partners.
Actually, there's nothing to say. I was just touring.
12/24 & 12/25 - $60/night .....at CAESARS PALACE visit us @ www.myvegaspeople.com also follow us on facebook for more updated info
Really? I'm sorry... it wasn't intended to be. It always made me feel better, though I can see how it could be taken otherwise
Weigh in fixing to begin! Who's it going to be Jones or Faircloth???
I'm an outcast from my family... Oh well.
Omg good thing I came home I totally forgot to turn off the air and left the sliding door open 😱😱😱😱😱
Lauren Hutton is a girls role model. And no one knows better than she.
Augmtd Reality: extra data; impact education in 2-3 years; could be additional signage; tutorial; bridge virtual and phys
Good one! Insoluble indeed....
Thank you! A decision I'll need to sleep on :) RT : Aw good luck Lois!! I'm sure you'll pick a beautiful dress!
Thanks for the mention. Great to meet you at Malice!
JUST WROTE MY FIRST COMPUTER PROGRAM. It asked me for my last name, then my first name. And then it told me my last name and my first name.
lol I can be bad but im perfectly good at it!
You don't have to swim faster than the shark, just faster than the person next to you.
wats good boy
thanks for abandoning me and letting me take all the heat !
I know, right!? Makes me want to start a business or something. ;)
I need more followers anybody wanna help
If you haven't made it out to the beautiful new yet, you need to. I'll be in a great show there at 7:30 tonight.
oh i've been sick for like two weeks and have lost my voice.. my life is in shambles.
what did it say
thanks for the follow! i look forward to seeing some cool social media tips from you guys.
LA can't On my way! To NYC just left FL
need a cure to this pain, im about to go insane
Can anyone recommend an easy to set up social voting platform I can use for a video contest?
what a great start to
Im up here rockin this light show!! And i'm workin the sound board
How's it going #Chicago!?? Thank your for your support thus far! In need of 1,000 followers! Spread the Word about
Bball Wives movie! Bob Johnson is single handedly trying to destroy the Black community.
Me to... I want in long hair! She looks beautiful!
Staying focused avoiding distractions and unnecessary drama
I hate my sinuses!! Ugh!!
Just because you're against gay marriage doesn't mean you have to post 73920174 things about it.
So proud of you!! Keep going and finish strong!! You can do it!!! #RunDavidRun!!
Scott signs $70 billion budget, vetoes $142.7 million
Ha..he text and said why we stoped talking..I don't know you tell me.
3x4 feet banner - full color for $60!!!! Ready in one day.
Aw sending <3 #love back at you! #HappyValentines!
aw :) yea u always call at the right times
Don't know what's gonna happen here but good or bad it's gonna be Russ see TV
#YEEE GREAT WHICH RADIO STATION?
Wow! The Mythic #Tarot is one of the great beginner decks, particularly for relationship readings. The Greek myths tell true!
The Dwight Howard drama has been postponed until this time next year.
Is ability stable or variant? Is aptitude fixed or malleable? Ruminate, discuss, then let me know your thoughts and rationale.
Great interview with Ron!
Another database: Veterans Appeals Control and Locator System (VACOLS)
The beat hides behind me it never makes me
What helps people, helps business. Leo Burnett
I am still waiting to find out what magical things will happen in this year of 2012.
If your reading this right now ....... And a girl then your beautiful<3.
Who is the GO TO guy for all things social media? He is
Beach Blazer - A Motorbike Coaster - Paradise Atoll . air time
I'm so happy right now because followed me (:
IM DONE WITH MY DOUCHE BAG ROOMMATE FOREVER!!! AH......Oh my god, what am I going to tweet about?
Oh no. Feel better, !
what the heck is that?
If you meet any artist in the world who would it be?
I can't wait to get home nd eat
I liked F.P.'s demonstration just now of "framing a pitch." nice little education there- let's have more of it.
Off to the Rose Parade!
So glad I'm working today
i wasnt and its 12:59 am here thats why im going to bed so sorry =\
Sweety pie has to return to work tomorrow. Building custom guitars at while I'll be sleeping & reading all day. :)
Hey, when our website just went down? That was NOT me. I was only messing with forms on the test server.
As I put my evening gowns together w/my jewelry for our cruise nxt wk that I'll be a walking billboard; maybe make a sale or 2!
Thak you so much! Support greatly needed.
The Hotel Derek appreciates you!. Returning guest should ask about the special rates and inclusions.
The Life of Riley is alive and well. Rehearsal went well last night. My fav words from the script, "Pooch Face" and "Saccharine Lips"
Let those of us who remember the true sabbath keep this commandment today and do nothing until sundown.#REST!
Full of shit so early in the morning.
Jered Weaver just threw a no-hitter, wow!
agreed. But Tennessee isn't doing itself any favors today. This is painful.
Hi! We have offices in the USA and Canada. Send form to the address in Tennessee. Taxes are extra. See you in Israel!
Thank you!
you are welcome
So true. We've had our share of Macs to fix because of this denial..
Just sent your info to my very dear and old friend who is a super shark-- will keep you posted
Woman on the train just mocked her son that there's no Children's Day... But she's wrong.
I've seen some crazy things in my lifetime but this is ridiculous.
Mixed feelings about that appt
Good morning! Who's coming to see Decoder, Us From Outside, In Other Words, Call it Karma and more this Sunday at The Pike Room?!
And I'm not wearing a suit for the first day in for-ev-er.
I do a killer British accent. Lol
"you really clean up nicely"
A "Gregg-versation" closely resembles an actual conversation except with me doing most of the yakking.
thanks for the RT's - Spreading awareness is the first step to finding a solution!
. Wittgenstein's idea of use in context gives us an interesting way of talking about computation
If you havent seen the post game conference for the Xavier vs. Cincinnati game, please watch
Hey he messaged me again.. I'll show you tomorrow..
just the thought of seein that heifers thong.. Ick.....;)
Hello my friend! Good to hear from you! :)
Yessir RT : This series gonna be crazy
Who's Laughing now....
00066b Wed 18apr12 . Clock out 1915p . Prepare documentation for funding Phase II of The China Outpost
I think I saw Kalon as a serial killer who gave his wife jewelry he took from his victims on #SVU once.
Didn't wanna eat dinner with the family. Solution: Walk to Taco Bell
I've been married for 15 years, is it free internet? Seems like a fair trade! :-/
On the way to concert hall in Asdod. As their arena
same here, bout to get out of bed and go apply. I'll get there around 11:00.
welcome to this life style!
I just tripped and almost died.
your a fucked up muthafucka but funny as hell
The best way to multiply your happiness is to share it with others.
haha yes, I'm originally from Hazleton, PA :)
I know the feeling!
Hahaha. Billy Joel. Actually my mom came up with the name.
Too funny! Jeffrey- I will have my new VO site up soon-Love to work with you too, thanx so much for finding me! huggz kk ryder
First tornado warnings of the day in western Ohio, for Darke and Preble counties. We're looking out for you
is she your gf???
Um 60 degrees in Jan?!? Where did winter go? This sucks for skiing!!
I don't where to go eat...
To celebrate their 15 B-Day, Boloco has free burritos at 1080 Boylston St. Boston. Say thanks by making a donation to LIG Playmakers!
Not just sort by brand/price (brand centric).How about user centric options:sustainability #sortbysustainability or cause involvement
Come in and Try out our New Chips and Salsa and Fish Sticks...
FAVORITE is my favorite thing to do, if you don't believe me, check my FAVORITES
hahahaha seriously! I hate that! And sorry about not answering you last night...
#ihavenotolerance for weak players that stay on the ice too long
Sarah bit me so many times today xD my cheeks still Hurt x(.l.
(something witty but poignant... perhaps a pun or aphorism).
Haha we need to hang out sometime!
Sincerely, Facebook, Harry Potter, Ninjas, and Google.
Damn life's a bitch
Goal for 2010 - Get a branded video. Do you have yours yet?
Why? Because it Everything Thing About You! ;) <3
Headed to Mingles, come party with me!
Just this morning, after weeks of putting of my health, I reminded myself that health is always the # 1 priority.
Thanks to the UVU students, there is now a Google Ad campaign for Jillian's Story! Success is measured by clicking the Google Ad + buying!
Any chance you'll post the recipe?
I really hope my fellow #libertarians are wrong on Net Neutrality, because if they aren't, the internet is going to suck
Ah!! Why did Shane zombify??
This is a nice pic, btw. Your hair is very well-behaved :)
Ah no more of our pepp encrusted tuna salad!And you said it was ok to skip it Sun saying "it's not going anywhere."
Wanna Get Drunk With Ed HELL YEAH. THAT'S OUR JAM
You're recommending we see it with Joanne? RT “: Just went to see the movie "50/50" with Joanne. I highly recommend it.
you lose?
no flipping yet but I'm thinking about it! Miss you!
that's scary kayla
My boyfriend is taking mad long -____-
Drive slow and enjoy the scenery -- drive fast and join the scenery. -Doug Horton
me? Now there's a band that never gives up.
"Why are there so many -NTJ women in this room??" "Oh, we are all here to watch Caprica." Except there are no more episodes till Fall. :(
The text I woke up to this morning
same here. Well if you just logg out and push create and account. You dont need email confirmation.
I feel like breaking down...
New mala bracelets & necklaces now in stock! Used for focusing the mind in meditation & prayer. Come in & check 'em out!
hey johnny i met you in the airport buddy checkout my baseball podcast on the toadhop network its called extra innings
Have a Small Business that needs an Advertising plan that is designed specially for your Business? Send me a message...
Who Stole Paris Hilton's $3,200 Absinthe-Spiked Birthday Cake?
thanks. Big one tomorrow to advance to the Final Four.
I love love love quinoa!
“: On top of everything just blew all our minds this weekend!!!”
Congratulations buddy! Lot of proud IT geeks out there.
done c:
Boosie made same lyrics like every rapper out but they want to pick him out because he didn't want to kiss they azz for Fame :/
Over 8 Million views!! So proud! LOVE YOU <3
Anyone know of a local printer (Carmel, Fishers, Noblesville) that can do a 24 hr turn around?
I always wanted to see the Boss in Atlantic City, but seeing Hot Snakes, Fucked Up, Black Angels & Metallica there in June will suffice.
Lee Valley Tools is not for the easily intimidated shopper: Storegazing - Toronto Star
later, cause you'll probably eat it all before the movie even starts.
Going to let my precious dogs out! They been caged up all day. Poor babies. Mama's coming.
its like me having green hair
TAUGHT TO NEVER FOLLOW, YALL MUSTVE MISSED THAT LECTURE
because they can put on their best face and pose and they know it's gonna come out somewhat descent.
do u like Jelena? (just asking)
u called me boy?
omg, I actually just laughed out loud (;
RT Stop being afraid that u ain't gon have no friends when actuality, u may end up w/ better ones.
the commercial with the truck going down the mountain is misleading and some ignorant person would really try it! Marketing uh, ?
keep showing love n support...soon will be filling arenas for u and all the fans...
We're not a publisher, but services (such as marketing / publicity) may also be used by #writers published traditionally.
side note: wondering how long it'll be before some rock band names themselves 'The Black People' or 'Black Folks'
but All-Star Western is doing a pretty bad-ass late-1800s retcon for Gotham. And I don't even like Jonah Hex.
#youknowyoughetto When you got the New Jordan's on BUT your house leaning
happy mother's day to all the outstanding & non-outstanding moms across the world...
Legal sec, sales co-ordinator, cleaner, chef de partie, fitter, ops manager and many many more jobs available in Newark. Call TRAVAIL now
getting wild crazy and outta control! Lol you?
Have you considered doing it?
a huge shout out to for donating to the derby party! Trunk show this weekend if you need some last minute wears!
Thanks I'll give that a shot
#ILOVEYOUMORE!! Lolz, almost got run over I'm crying so hard
Am I the only one that thinks this new #ESPN on field reporter is horrible?!
I wonder why.
sent you an email back. let us know man.
My parents totally know I'm a stoner.
WOOT!! ~RT : Up on the roof of KING 5! Enjoy the sun today. says the timing for the weekend looks great AGAIN!
Le'go Bulls
Just got off the phone with He told me to tweet about it so here:P and sorry girls, I just know Anson fell in love with me;)
hahahaha well yup that was random enough for me!!
life aint no joke so hell is a comedian
hm... i wonder when is gonna be creepin again? ;p ha
#rejectedtebowdognames : Run-Spot-Run (or) Jeeze
Guilty pleasure...Gringo Honeymoon-Robert Earl Keen
Weird people > Boring people
Paul Pierce just passed Larry Bird on Celtics All-Time Scoring List, that one makes you stop and think!
Struggling with my #ala11 schedule. I work with the blind/visually impaired. Found only two about accessibility issues. suggestions?
I love buffalo exchange :)
Lmaoo Naw You Only Talk to Me When I Got Food ....
Working out the kinks on our website so we can bring you even more great deals. Thanks for your patience!
The folks from Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve are already planning to CGI Dick in for their next broadcast.
May tomorrow be as blessed a day for you too.
Feeling sick again :(
Just got some water to a client in Green Lake
i wish he would text me... blah. i hate that i always have to start the conversations.
i forgive & forget it and then you promise me i wont regret it . but i do its not right . b/c i turn around let it slide.
McReynolds just needed a few hundred feet more.... Gerhart wins his 8th Daytona race
Hello ! We are so happy to have you stay with us! We'll look into your internet question right away.
Thank you, you too! Hope you have a great weekend!
It doesn't matter what you think you're fighting about. It always comes down to a choice between fear and love. Chose wisely.
What’s your favorite type of massage?
Offered tater tots as a side for my burger instead of fries. New one on me! Thanks Lunchbox Laboratory!
Wow abdc is really good lol, did he follow u & thank u(:
tweet tweet...have a great week! :)
McGehee should get the JJ Hardy treatment and be sent down to A.
risk off supports giving way.
Does anyone have any connection 4 cheap hotel las vegas 4 911 rally?
LightSquared teams with Soundtracker; PlayBook drops to $200 Quick news from around the Web. : Windows Phone Marketplace in
OMG Jamie you were amazing and beautiful on JKL, had me cracking up lmao, you probably could pin him down haha!
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 3
Obama should consider waterboarding entertainers. Adult oriented music is fine, but not when it's catered to pre-teens.
“: hi~ ohh i guess u r sleeping right now LOL coz it's 3:00 in the morning ~ #TimeZonesSuck !”
A fantastic breakfast with Perfect start to #gdc. I recommend his talk on Thursday at 11:30!
"no pictures now. I don't have earrings in." retainer isn't a big deal though.
I'm on the next level already so...... Get on my level #Bitch (:
We've headed "South of the border" today for the Ladies Member/Guest & the costumes & carts look FANTASTIC! Good luck, ladies!
One time out of the year where I have to dress fancy. Happy Easter everybody
Here's the headline for or tomorrow: The Green Bay Massacre. This game shouldn't even be this close
A MOTHERS LOVE IS A DIFFERENT, SPECIAL KINDA LOVE!
do you also blog? Incase you are interested we are opening a blog area for nature enthusiasts
hiya! Im booked Sunday until 7pm.
love the shot! you were totally in need of a VW van...perfect, Mo. :)
Woohoo! Enjoy! RT : Wowza Y'all are super fast! Thanks my giftcard arrived today!!
"Wanted," by Hunter Hayes gotta be one of the dopest tracks out right now.
Thank God Its Friday .!
WOW. That's all I can say. Well I think 5 people win tickets so hopefully we'll both be going to see it!
HoeLies# 8 It's so BIG.
I got the best compliment the other day. Someone said I had a "proper" New York accent.
Huh?---> RT : Re-Opening of Questions? .... I need parts.
Thank you I love you!
We're officially jam-packed - standing room only for #EnticeJazzbah!
you could combine both in ppt
hey this is i wrote parallel last year. we are shooting this week here in ny.
What is that nonsense, anyway?
Follow if you love TVD #shoutout is courtesy of writer of upcoming book series
lol I was really laughing aha. but I'm goin to bed Tequan
lol I don't have a baseball season!
“: yea. Lion king, Aladdin, pocahontas, Mulan, and Finding Nemo” on DVD?! Let me hold them lol
glad you enjoyed it!!
"To believe a tweet is to believe in the future of the U.S.A." - Abraham Lincoln
tea is the new coffee
Opening Day at 7pm for the . I will be there
ha ha RT : a fairy dies every time someone signs up for automated paper.li type apps.. ;(
yeah thats around my birthday. (; & when is vinny coming?
Co-workers are bitching about a 5 cent increase in the vending machine. Where am I?
Thanks for the #FF :)
yinz are the best! love.
see my last few @ replies.
Who knew we'd ever learn how to shuck an oyster?! Looks like it's time to update the ol' resume :)
I thought i lost my AP book today
You know she a keeper if I'm not getting stressed out
“If you have much, give of your wealth; If you have little, give of your heart” - Arab proverb
It feels nice to actually have a NICE conversation without the arguing & bitching.
Wait does okc plays in the Chesapeake Arena?!? How am I just finding this out?!?!?
Thanks To All My New Fans, Followers, Friends And Likes!!! Via-Reverbnation-Twitter, Myspace And Facebook....:):)
the captain morgan 18.97 special this weekend has done some work on everyone at this party...
I will marry, fuck, kill you if you can get me a comedy writing job
um duh! We could spread our water balloon in a hottub idea to everyone in need lol.
When you fall in love with a band/artist but their music isn't on iTunes and there's no downloads anywhere <<<
Omg are you kidding?! XD
Officially cursed. My ride got pulled over on the way to work today, putting me in the passenger seat 4 of the 4 times ever being stopped.
I'm hoping for a corporate sponsorship. Maybe some decals for the car?!
Thanks to the fabulous #PRSANCC panel- and for great #socialmedia insights!
Mayor addressing outdoor feeding programs (looking at it) and how to get rid of graffiti (remove it w/in 48 hrs)
Way to go! Sorensen will be great for you!
This is a crazy situation!
We will be closed tomorrow to celebrate Thanksgiving with our families...but we are having a PATIO PARTY tonight...JOIN US!!
Thank you to Sarah for your donation!
my nail breaks #calmdown!!
I miss you more babes...
Surly Hell arrived at France 44 today, Surly Bitter Brewer is still available.
do us proud!
Great friends and crazy nights are
Say again
2012 film watching! #39. The Thin Blue Line (Morris, 1988). Excellent documentary about the murdering of a cop in Texas. Outstanding film!
When you find those people that change your life FOREVER. Ya we love those guys:)
You're welcome!
u koww u want me I know u want me they know u want me so just admite u want me geeze lol
Practiced "Hugging Pendulum" tonight and the wraparound kick has killed my hip flexors.
I like this takeover. These are laugh out loud tweet worthy!
Thanks, Mon! Getting real-world experience is like taking a laxative... you're much less likely to be full of sh*t.
dunno why I am so tired. I went to sleep at a decent hour.
1 yr kettlebell anniversary. Never felt better in my life! thanks for the guns + 4 the inspiration
I'm still drunk, gotta sober up so I can head to the studio
----->> As an #Aries you have strong SURVIVAL instincts and it will help you through some very stressful times in your life. :)
The recipe will be on soon!
Omw to Nashville!! I'm so ready to do this thing!!
- Appreciate the follow!
[WATCH]: Phonology – The Phoneme I
Thanks for rt Nicole. Have a great weekend!
YOU BEST BE COMING OUT HERE
well i'm gonna make you 2 on your next birthday!
Did a BHM presentation Firefighters museum. Kids were eager participants in my Q&A. Giveaway books, bookmarks & BHM pencils.
and they have a profile pic of a cute 23 year old girl and have no history of tweets whatsoever. why be suspicious!
Got a new CakePHP project launhin this week... Stay tuned
I knew you would low this band.
smh at him.
Sweet Moses I'm tired. Might be a 9 o'clock bedtime kind of night
they hire anyone to spin signs these days!
she really don't! What's funny is that she is not even in school, talking about im taking a couple of years off -__-
“: Dandy duo of & is the best I have seen in last 20 years" better than &
dont awee me i want a yes or a no
ur mom always does that to u lol and yes I HATE IT follow plz
Every day is the day that turns somebody's life around forever. bgr8now
Yes he should be.
Finely Sucks!
Really wish he would stop being so negative. RT Gruden on Brock Osweiler: "This kid is interesting." Hater.
what the actual fuck are you talking about?
whoa! thats awesome!!!!! thanks we'll figure out something to use that for. feel free to keep makin JADED stuff :)
noodle legs, cause he puts in work.
Gearing up for RWA next week? Check out the fast company article on one of my favorite people Angela James
Motivos's Flor Melendez will present her #poem from the Fall '11 edition, Love's Many Faces at Stetson Middle School this Thursday.
I will be with the one I love, with unveiled face I will see Him. Then my soul will be satisfied,
yep! I was just reading about her! That's funny how we remembered this day lol.. Let's see how long she'll actually stay in jail!
PPL R JUST TO FUNNY FOR ME
Stop by Grove this weekend & pick up some Traminette for Turkey Day. Free tastings, new releases, $3 glasses & 20% off all Traminette wines.
Sike!!! Everyone knows that I'm that nigga
I know right! haha I bet and that's so true :)
gotta them dreadheads
She asked me if it was real wood. I told her it was. She also liked the color of it. I thanked her for noticing.
TOUR TOUR TOUR TOUR TOUR TOUR TOUR TOUR TOUR TOUR TOUR.......that is all we want
happy almost birthday, Lou!
JASON ALDEAN FTW.
I hate when you see a really cute kid then your mom ruins it by saying "thats your cousin" #FML now i have to go die :|
Happy Easter to everyone much love god bless!
just finished watching the hunger games! awesome! super intense tho... potentially nightmare inducing!
It seriously was the best Easter ever, no joke. :))))) :D
YOUR MOM!
thanks! on to the finals now :)
Realizing that I couldn't view the right home page for my dog house site because I was uploading to the wrong folder. Boy! Do I feel stupid.
Last round
As stone business evolves, Spicewood company changes with it - Austin American-Statesman
Happy Birthday !!
RT!!! Needed that :)": Don't give them no more chances, they already had their turn. Everything happens for a reason."
Cool! Work or fun?
Chasing Red trailer within the week.
John kuan is on here
RT : Nine #Brewers games at Miller Park in nine days! How many games will you attend?! I'll be at all nine.
I still shelve books from time to time. Weed as you go, bro. That's how collection dev. happens. <3
thanks ;) whats up
yes mommy
He conquers who endures.
welcome back (to Newark at least)
Nf , can o get a follow back?
I hate when I crave Jerk Chicken sandwiches after hours! How about you?
I actually didn't know what you were doing with spoilers I just wanted to try lol
A true sign that you are maturing is when you are able to Master Your Emotions and not allow Your Emotions to Master You.
Off to get then to Brooklyn. Am I missing any pattern in my get-up? Polka dots? Plaid? Pin-stripe? Ah, Paisley!
has been like a mother to me in the entertainment biz. Happy Mother's Day.
WHAT THE HELL
AMR Unions are backing US AIRWAYS takeover talks.
The whole DHS population can kiss my ass! Fuck that school. I'm glad I'm leaving in 2 weeks.
So Episode 1 3D isn't playing anywhere around here. I love #starwars but no enough to drive 45minutes just to see it.
So many great ways for actors to network and meet stellar industry people - The Actors Network rocks.
Hello, Thanks for following me on Twitter
: Whenever I delete text messages, I feel like I’m deleting evidence.
Am I a fool! I didn't know "macrosoft" existed
I have tons & tons of homework
I wanted to thank our 3 speakers and our sponsor for making SMBSD14 happen
Dear God...that should be illegal..
haha it's not it's cracked up to be.
RT : Next wk: will the Supreme Court officially condone the use of racial profiling against Hispanics in the US?...
Come on HEAT! Please step up!
Both Danger is Paradise and The Last Day On Earth were beautiful, good work.
Ladies did a great job getting the field ready. It's too bad all the hard work didn't allow you to play. Good luck this weekend.
Someone by my locker is wearing way too much perfume.
That's what I like about these highschool girls, I get older they stay the same age.
Attempting to make breakfast before work.
This has just changed my life for the better. Times a million. Team Miliana 4 EVA!
about time!
well, it's all us fans have at this point
Thank you. Credit goes to and re: ALEC post. :-)
you can hang out in our room :) haha.
yes I sure am! He's one of the most talented dudes I know! And the sweetest!! (:
The phosphates in soft drinks increase the amount of calcium excreted into the urine, says Elizabeth Somer, M.A., R.D.
Can you ask him to follow me?..ive been trying for so long aha
huh weird I was going to say the same thing...
Been busy, I guess.
Why do I always mess shit up ..
You expect me to believe you have a tramp stamp, your nipples pierced & dick rails & you're a virgin? Please bitch, you're @ your prime now.
research proj: genre and listening practices. Provide ethnographic detail to the large numbers, nuance to the monolith.
And i'm begging you, i'm begging you, i'm begging you to be my escape. <3
always gets bitches, he's been pimpin since the 5th grade.
Loved it. THANKS. That guy was such a jerk for calling her out. Chick has balls. Much respect. I love her.
I hate twitter thugs like GTFO !!!
Im too tired... this old lady is going to bed
ha ewwwwww ima put you in jail too
Ford continues to make inroads into alt-fuel vehicles
I miss the mountains..
Rush hour 3 too funny Chris tucker a clown lol
Agree. creativity shouldnt be punished RT : #sla12 no such thing as ambush marketing: either marketing or piracy
was amazing!! Best concert I've been to!!! :D
dude! You are alive! Sup with deleting your you tube vids? You were my hero when I started. LOL
Lol!! I was profiled RT : No f'ing way!!!!! That chick who was transporting in hers ruined it for everybody.
hell yes...totally believe they exist.
You love us RT : Naked White People though....... ????
so happy to b home
thank you I need one that's race related
Watching Rush Hour 3 it is funny as fuck Chris Tucker everybody was Kong fu fighting
insert awkward pause here. I've lost your address. Can you resend it? (been swamped with music..sorry)
I can dig it! Lol
Shout out to Kobe and the #Lakers going In tonight!!
A. Teach. B. Inspire C. Lead... I choose D ... All of the above!
Going to watch my NAHMAN REEDUS movies because I love him and because I can.
I just! Can't! Wait!!
Waking up this early<
i drink coffee almost every day, why is it that this one cup today has me wired like crazy?
Congratulations on the hiring of Todd Gray as your new #CFO, announced in bit.ly/zAOQE1
Thanks for the retweet. Are you going to be there
my favorite!! I love it straight-up cold! :) TGIF! xoxo
Sweet! Cable guy just got here! Now I will just awkwardly stand in the kitchen and stay out of everyones way.
I'm totally loving this season!!
So far, AGT has been only moderately interesting. The guy with the stringed instrument was entertaining...
Actually one is a guy.
Fuck Harry Potter. It's all about Sons of Anarchy. Hey Jackson is mine, you've already got yours :)
omg scotty just killed it on stage....Love Him......!!!!!!
are you going to warped tour here in vegas? (:
hahaha this is you!!! “: Every time I cut my hair, I immediately start missing my long hair. #GirlProblems”
I'm not even at school yet and I'm ready to go home
's #BornVillain is a kick in the cunt of his detractors & critics, a fondling of your GF's tits, & a thematic soundtrack. ‡
Moombaltimore is going off right now!!! Get to E-Villa for those beats you crave!
It felt so good to call you a bitch today right to your face !
I DONT UNDERSTAND THIS DAMN CITY.
Hiring a new voice/piano instructor today. Very excited about the growth in our teacher and student numbers this school year.
Why is 695 looking like LA traffic right now
Plus, if we're going to be sticklers for proper dress, the orchestra shouldn't be wearing tuxes for an afternoon concert.
You're welcome!
Dont forget Wolf has $10M club opt. with 1.5 buyout.If they let him go, ZG walks, and CN isnt healthy, you need SM
yesh MY Jelly Bean ;D
what kind of name is this
JON HAMM IS AT CHELSEA CINEMAS. WHAT THE FUCK.
damn what dat and nothing watching Kay tv shows with until I go in :30
sending now
fair enough
Better a witty fool than a foolish wit.
48-47 Faber. The Judges was on one tonight I guess?
Follow Me , Maybe !?
Better yet..."in still prettier AND smarter" than you...😂😂😂😂😂
Focus on education reforms uplifting C's not A's or B's. edu reforms focus on uplifting C's and F's to A's or B's. Will take time.
Authors print a copy of goals that can be seen every day and DO THEM MY FRIEND! There now you have your accountability for the day.
RT : . is talking about my favorite subject: Community.
yeah, sorry bro
Had a great meeting with Cynthia & Robert from and hope that we can form a great partnership in Practicum.
What's your favorite movie?
THINKING ABOUT GIVING UP TRIED FOREVER AND I STILL WON'T FOLLOW ME BACK :(
A on my informative speech
I'm watching along with
Catching up on #madmen . Roger Sterling on LSD is brilliant.
When my little brother keeps crying, I show him his birth video in reverse and tell him that's what happens if he doesn't stop.
Have a great shoot tonight!
#nowplaying martha and the muffins
I work with the weirdest people. Forreal.
Heading to for the "55+ Meeting." Expecting a great dialogue on engaging more DC #seniors as
Your going to love the CD! :)
thanks sis for sharing and good to meet you Ametria...looking forward to it!
it wont come until like, june. i told you. lol
please tell me you're recording!!!
Had a great day but i'm getting sick :c
Edward is in the hosptial
just sent! Please confirm you received, it's a large file!
I believe God is constantly challenging us, stretching us to dare to believe Him even when things seem impossible.
. FIX YOUR SHIT!!!
Do you ever wonder if the person you're thinking about is thinking about you? or do they know that you're alive? do they notice you?
#drinkingforjesus needs to be trending.
about to put new music on my ipod.
Siri get me to Raleigh Studios. Erin I don't understand High Bee Two. THIS IS WHY MACHINES WILL NEVER RULE THE HUMAN RACE
im soo happy they still play the boy meets world episodes!! Could u please follow me, a big fan of urs, back??
Brendon just randomly follows people i think lol, i mean one day i came home and it was like
RT : I'm not friends with you guys on FB, but I'm running fantasy college football again this year.
#unitedairlines #fail 3rd call to get miles refunded (for upgrades I didn't get) and there is a 35 minute wait AGAIN - I used to love United
glad you like itt!!! :)
"I LOVE AUSTIN MAHONE." I want to shout this and post it on his next YouNow.
I feel your pain ;-)
I'm with a small distributor now, but what's the best way to position ourselves for a Young's or Southern? (I'm in socal :-)
Must echo others: looks awesome and is responsive and creative. Check it out!
he says, "Justin Bieber has my hair." :-)
I'm installing a hot HD Digital Antenna all over Albuquerque! Surrounding area, too. John Racette - 350-6428
Yea that works Asap
Overheard in the library last night - 1L to 1L: "So why are we using CALI in Virginia"?
r u in la?
Only some of us learn by other people's mistakes; The rest of us have to be the other people.(:
"Let them burn tundra!" I love it and will say that until I die. Great piece in today! Congrats on the award!
They have transitioned so beautifully as a band. Every song so far has somehow personally touched me.
Stop by 245 24th St in West Des Moines, Iowa for our #GarageSale! All proceeds go for our move to
lady grey tea. yuck!
Oh how love a good long dry time.
#3WordsForYou Who's That Boy?
Damn..that was a close one. ... almost didn't make it there my friend lol
To reach a great height a person needs to have great depth. -Anonymous
#BestSpongebobQuotes WHAT ARE THEY SELLING? CHOCOLATE! WHAT? CHOCOLATE! I remember when they first invented chocolate..I ALWAYS HATED IT!!
yep--fun stuff:)
I followed
Am loving The Voice, some great talent! All ready for the Battle rounds!
yes his account looks hacked. Who is that?
So about 440.00 shipped. That's not bad.
he works till 3 then he taking jacoub remeber
POSC big news out folks
Looking forward to Kevin__Allen book release next week. #HiddenAgenda b/c each of us "pitches" every day in one way or another...
hi april, nice meeting you at the awards. this is sonja norwood, brandy's mom.
Good! Trying to stay warm...it is freezing today brrr
It downtown Tosa this morning? Stop by and see ! We sure appreciate his AM live shots today.
If u are so concerned u have the Baby on Board sign- you can't also be driving and texting and smoking #whichisit?
I looked at all my tiny closets last night. My conclusion? Absolutely no way!!
peep the project from my producer download from www.o-dmusic.com super fire sh!t dun dun. Be in the know
If you could design the best musical mashup of ALL TIME, what two songs would you put together?
Freaking awesome. What episode? Also, thanks to I now have a TNG t-shirt
Imagine there was food in my house?
Bro date with
Nice TV cameo tonight Best of luck in your upcoming competition.
Ready to watch my black&gold destroy that useless team in red.
no single
don't go to volleyball then. Easy solution!!
That's ok because we like Ricky more! lol Dave is all yours!
Thanks for the follow:) u live in NYC?
Rehearsals just became possible tonight! Time to fine tune for Friday!
your small what?
only 3 hours away from game 5 cant wait!!!
All of the books in the world contain equal a broadcast as video in a large American city in a single year not all bits have equal value
Made my Momma some pancakes, bacon, and eggs!
Someone should come procrastinate with me on campus. Im bored
I'll be at Mandalay Bay tomorrow. I hope you're still hanging around out there Elk!
zack wheeler and gary brown might be too much for Beltran.
Of course we lose out on Ladarius Green
Cherish things while you still have them, and not when they're gone.. Life can only be understood backwards, but it must be lived forward.
where is that BBQ at again ?
Any new music or videos??? if so I am def going to check your page out haven't been on your page in a good while
Good morning Coco
it's TWO HOURS including the one for the next week and #trueconfession I listened to the whole thing
#skchooligan life! #SprotingKC w/ the win and the points! And so special to be at #LSP my second home! was amasin!
thanks for the follow Mike!
Diet coke & Melatonin.. contradictory...
Follow back? :)
I know as we had called CNN too and they said they were working on it. We have interviews lined up NYC media and did USA Today.
Tattoos are not clothes, can't change them when we want. Fit good when they are new but after a while get worn&ugly. No exchanges.
Sorry that filtering isn't available right now - is there a specific category we can help you search through?
How disrespectful can be?! Whichever party you're with, no #POTUS should ever be disrespected. Now back to toasting! Cheers!
my fucking phone keeps sending me shit about ppl checking in. dont give a fuck stop!
Lisa Brissey Ellenberg-teacher, mentor, friend. Creative & collaborative. she inspires children & her community
there is a super out of tune guitar or he keeps hitting a wrong fret
My channel is boring and is mainly for my entertainment. I don't care how many views I get.
Film makers is not ready for this
come by and I'll make you one!
Got the GPS I wanted -- completely by chance. Target dude with a stack of them came by and heard me bemoaning my loss.
Especially in front of you
OH>>>>> Thank you GOD!!!! Love to you this off season. Relax & enjoy!
I think that is a porn movie
thanks! How do you like our app!
I forgot to put my other earring on this morning 
Police beat for Marple and Newtown for last week in April
“: If my mama proud of me really cant nobody tell me nothing”
Bedtime! I've become a freak, I'm actually really, really pumped for my 5am workout tomorrow AM.
I believe in miracles!! Happy Resurrection Day!! : ) xx
Jumpin Like A Fool!!
oh right! I will. I am on the wrong computer again but PROMISE, I will soon
you leaving the iPhone behind?
our band could definitely be the cast on king of the hill
Wish I was with the lunch crew :(
Great to hear, same w/me, thanks! :) RT : everything is good I hope everything going good for you
They should make an old book scented air freshener that you can attach to your kindle.
Thought: revolution takes place from within.
can i get a follow back por favor or please
Negative Nancy?? LOVE IT!! :D RT “: r u on FB” negative Nancy. Facebook is gay.
remember Jeremiah's girlfriend Miss Muffet? She was pretty good with curds. And whey.
We all know how great Johnson’s is for baby, but celebrity make-up artist has some great Johnson’s tips for moms.
Sorry Tony, the Colts will complete the run at 0-16 and Luck is on their side.
Love this metaphor RT : Kindle is OK as far as it goes. Great for travel but not as good as the real thing. Like phone sex.
Wish I was in the Mo right now
color me red! Didn't know that lol. Well I'm glad someone is making money off that idea :)
Just needs documenting and prettying up. Not many others utilize JRun metrics. But this cross references critical server events
ya I feel on the missing the church part. I haven't found one up here but that should not be an excuse.
your fingers
good timing! they're going to start tweeting locations tomorrow! last time they hit up los feliz.....
It smells as if someone vomited inside this taxi, Wtf. You know what, I'll just walk today. I can't deal!
you're welcome! It's well earned!
Saw your video, The Emotional Stages of Writing a Novel; Great stuff! It was all so true! I'm currently revising my YA MS.
I hope everyone is having a great holiday season. Be sure to check out the Plaza lights if you live in KC.
checkout www.muzlink.com/ Amariah my email is
« I'm a woman who does not smoke or drink!»..... -___- lies
Austin EVERYONE knows that you are one in a million..❤ People who don't a crazy.. I LOVE YOU AUSTIN!❤
Coach Spaz should have went for TD. If we missed, new QB would have been stuck at 1 yard line.
Thank you Luisa, I appreciate it :)
Would U like to look at #'s of closers in "save" situations vs. non "save" or just stick with pithy lines defending UR guy?
It's a VERY short step from using drones for surveillance to using drones for justice.
Great Peeps
With the 2 best NBA defensive players ever on the #Heat in LBJ and Wade, I'm surprised the #Pacers even score at all
Hey guys
Todays #drake song of the day is Find Your Love.
see you Thursday in LA <3
Lol I didn't care about the shots that he made. I just can't comprehend my inability to post up.
About to run a few rounds, see ya
: Hey, Chris. Try tweeting some more. Lol!
People are stupid, that's all there is to it
have Yu produced for tech 9
I love how the most prominent thing to come out of the recent events so far has been SPAM.
which one?
Last 5 articles: More strip clubs, Brewers are OK, too many potholes, famous people hook up, UWM should quit sports. He could run for office
I think if offered a follow for everyone that donates at least $100 would meet her goal. I'd donate
Need to understand what #RDI is? #RelationshipDevelopmentIntervention is more than #peergroups for #autism. www.nourishedfamilys.com
Trying some new pictures here for 2012.
Been riding the roads, now it's time to freakin sleep!
RT : moderating panel on peace innovation journalism with , , and Hanna Sistek.
#DarkShadows can't wait to see it, I have a very profound fascination for vampires since we're both creatures of the night
Thanks for the GhostWalk mention -- greatly appreciated! Hope we see you this weekend!
*smacks lips* u full of Malarkey cuz. I responded back to the invite n sent u a private msg fuxxer!
Just read about your move in Tom Daykins' column. Great spot. Congrats.
No #RedRyder as of yet, but I think I see something back there in the corner...
RT : #Jaguars draft P Bryan Anger in 3rd round to replace Adam Podlesh, who joined #Bears in free agency
one more final. then going to MDW to fly home for break :) and in other news ordering buses is a pain in the ass! so unreliable/frustrating
good luck with that one...
Cue caffeine crash.
The soul should always stand ajar. Ready to welcome the ecstatic experience.-- Emily Dickinson
Good luck to you y felicidades! RT : RT #mcawards underway!! good luck
: All right.
Omg Lindsay you look like you do in my dreams
“: Hi Alexis. Hope you enjoyed the NCAA tourney. I wished I was there!” yes I did enjoy come to Houston anyways!
aww i think im losing followers D:...well i love u guys sorry i wasn't on in a while i was practicing my dance moves i got an 85 out of 100
i think i like this list thing....
Keep The Paper Coming Boii..Mr.Money Maker How u Gonna Stop mY Cash Flow,#L,V,M
#3WordsOfAdvice Do. Not. Procrastinate.
love that song ! I was hearing it today on the train
When you're a kid, you have a hero; someone you love and admire. When i see you, the kid in me shouts.
Please send me the pic.
Late lunch on Mass Ave. Loving the Drunken Chicken & Maque Choux!
Wrapped at 5 am. Now im watching the beautiful sunrise on my drive home.
Why hello!
Would like to thank Carma for getting him back to Baltimore from San Jose (Carma = Southwest employee, not the cosmic force)
Wrote some music, without even thinking about it. My hands had a mind of their own. End result? Not that badd!
Hey , thanks for the Instapaper update. I recognize you as a singularly hardworking developer and family man. Kudos.
ayyy! y'all knew wut was goin down before it went down! hope y'all meet her next time out west
i'm watching both games at once and tweeting. i am an awesome multi-tasker.
Sure. Let me know what you need from me.
Interested in discussing PR options. We're at the event too. Come find us at some point ?
ugh its Wednesday not looking forwards to the crowded Metro with all the Laker fans that called in sick so they could party in the streets
Yeah MPG sucks. Driven an older land rover disco before though, Good stuff.
Love all that you're doing to make changes in the world
"If a woman's place is in the home WHY AM I ALWAYS IN THIS CAR!"
alex's best friend so that i could like both of them still :)
Well the lakers lost this game and most likely the series.. Hey at least we made the second round -shrugs-
My friends are better than yours. It's just the truth.
Careful out there...hearing reports of hail and strong winds in downtown Miami.
Global super stars and take advantage of post-feminism trends of the new decade
sweet sensei! Danny Larusso is on DWTS! RT : The Karate f***ing Kid is going to be on Dancing with the Stars. Awesome.
Who Am I and What Am I Doing Here? Teens Coaching Teens Will Help. <3 ;~}
There's always Pizza Port.
But fuck that, I'm gonna sing with
I need to have another gathering lol I like seeing ppl drunk cuz it don't be me drunk cuz I never drink lol
Opened SHORT $NZDUSD @ .77158; 1% of the community volume is trading the NZDUSD with sentiment 66% SHORT
I ❤ You babe!! You take my breath away everyday and I cant stand being away from you.
Right, you're just going to read one of your beautiful posts in it. There HAS to be a theatrically minded blogger in Boston!
They have thus far; I'm hopeful.
we can date just move to tx
i like how you think!!
feist and business
You'll be in my suicide note. Xo
aww sorry we missed you. Rest up for Friday. =)
That's me the night i was conceived.
it's not on till 830
sick bitch
Is it safe to say that Coach Calipari is a great recruiter, but average coach?
can't wait to see it! have fun :)
Totally watching the At the Drive In performance live at Coachella. Thanks YouTube
Pantera was a perfect choice for the sound track to a frustrating commute.
just realized I'm wearing my mistletoe belt buckle; I must be feeling lucky
save some for S. Carolina!! xo loves..
I wished I cared more about the Tony's than I actually do.
My brother just told me I have fluff all over my face
please follow me. Fellow filmmaker. Huge fan.
Small Bump - Ed Sheeran
For my part I know nothing with any certainty, but the sight of the stars makes me dream- Van Gogh
The final test of a leader is that he leaves behind him in other men the conviction and the will to carry on
SO TRUE MRS BOSH
to a dirty mind that sounds soo bad
wowwwie its been forever!!
As if Newt being first House Speaker penalized for bad ethics doesn't matter that much.
Oh, YOU! You look adorable!
If I hadn't already read in his chart that Ned lived with a dog in his previous home, I'd know it now. He eats other cats' puke. Ew.
Excited to attend (Boston World Partnerships) Open Mixer tomorrow night!
you should have seen Tamela's face! We miss you over here this week.
Thx for exc talent tactics & takeaways! Now on emplr brand: mix of created & crafted?
What is the most important thing you can tell a child to prepare them for their future?
- yea ! & then they quicc to yell that dead beat father or sum but they gotta understand when a nigga thru he #Thru ! str88^
exactly! Like, how am I supposed to pick just one guy?
To tired to function.
Movie recommendation is Will Ferrell in "Old School"
The roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet.
I did:P
Merry Xmas to you, Kia. Hope you get everything you wanted ;)
you are very welcome love
and he is just that. what about when ppl say a woman cant teach a boy to be a man n a man cant teach a girl to be a woman?
I still haven't seen Avatar. Am I the only person left who hasn't?
Lol. That's one way of looking at it...
A thousand miles cheers me up because it reminds me of white chicks, hahahaha
sounds perfect! I'll be there. Do you still have that extra ticket?
Only way the Lakers win this is if Kobe goes ham. Gasol and Bynum are an embarrassment.
so you want Kelsey to hit you ? Got it . I got you booboo .
That won't be happening at #barcampabq or (likely) an #ignitenm, but it sounds like fun!
holy shit you were by far the strongest contestant...you were the reason I watched the show..wrong decision
we sounded like rocket scientists! Hell, I think I'm smarter in that state
I think I need a Ginobli Jersey.
Hey you sometimes tell me u like my shirt when I wear a 1D shirt
I once beat a hibiscus plant up just cause it looked at me funny.
Season premiere of Next Food Network Star, and you're starting off with Restaurant Wars?
i just wanted to let you know that you are my hero and to be who i am everyday. Now i am a part of dance club and GLEE club.
they're still tickets on sale on stubhub.. they're expensive though. Maybe they can be an early Christmas or birthday present?
Doesn't look to me like Newt got mad enough tonight to win FL. We'll see.
you know them ALL.
lol not starting till 4, gonna attempt to get a place at the rw24
Got it thanks Niecie. You have a great day Ms fabulous
Thank you! I will.
the lyrics that is.. not the story behind it..
A link should be human-readable. People could grow suspicious of bit.ly links, wondering where they'll lead.
Shale Gas Export Boom: Planned All Along? - Firedoglake
Waving to new followers
Goodmorning Seattle! Enjoy your day!
I will never write off since they sent me a PSP last year & Sony XBA headphones this year.
can't wait for bball at st. agnes this summer w a few kids n a few more
#BigRichTexas just another reality show to be addicted to. I just got sucked in.
Hard to celebrate the little victories when you want it all!
Everybody knows how to raise children, except the people who have them
RT : I've been holding my tongue on a "beer concert festival could fund full-day kindergarten/school busing" tweet.
Cheers! Thanks for sharing your wisdom last night in #Atomicchat. :)
Congratulations lady, you drive a brand new Lexus. That doesn't give you the right to be a fucking bitch to everyone.
DVR alert: two great basketball pieces tonight. '91/'92 Duke Basketball on TruTV and Magic Johnson's 'the announcement' on ESPN.
where's Speedy Danni?
So I fell asleep on the couch last night reading. Woke up and moved to my bed at some point. Think I slept at least 11 hours. Whoa.
Girls don't like boys, Girls like cars & money.
paint your nails a fun color.
I want, I want, I want to be loved by you. <3
If you've decided to vote for Romney because of an issue that doesn't affect YOU in any way - marriage equality - you are just daft!
Our vs. Bucks tonight!
If winning isn't everything why do they keep score?
this guy is! Make my week
Mission: Probable
Shoutout to for her Bday! Huge music scene support, overall awesome person. Stokes for next Sat!
Hi Sarah Did you get the links for the outreach projects OK?
Damn this is UGLY
Growth Pearl: Happiness is…aligning what we think, say, and do. It’s about living a Growth in Motion™ lifestyle! Start your Growth in...
Hey if your school has career say let me and know. It's gonna be sweet
Oh Melo, welcome back.
Thanks for joining us at #MastersPOV this year!
: Be eliminated by a lottery team.
be some laugh I'd say
Sun, that picture is awesome! Just saw it.
Back at Sunset Towers tonight, duo, 7-11. Tower Bar.
Are you sh*tting me w/Sh*tter ??? omg I have chuckled and chuckled so much reading abt this new "product" LOL :) thx for sharing!!
POETIC PATRIOTIC COINCIDENCE <grin> as a matter of fact, I noticed it went up to 1777, so I found myself unfollowing someone!
Im trying to make filia, parasoul and peacock work. But parasoul is hard for me :(
honestly no, i havent eaten any in a month
Jesus I'm like the morning taxi.
RT : City Manager says Waterside building still "has life in it"
I'm looking to get a band going, be patient fans, hopefully here soon, I'll be out and abut again. Love you all.! <3
Oh the joys of flying standby... Thank goodness for portable media!
half a season, just like the transfer rule says now
Monticello is so beautiful...
Mom was amused. I told her she gets two Mother's Days this year. :-)
Everybody look up enasni on reverbnation its been a long time since a CD with this much passion has been on the market
Magic is going to bring a winning attitude to the Dodgers, and a multiplex to right field.
So, apparently everything is in 3-D now. Huh.
I'm channeling my inner Laura Ingalls Wilder today and wearing my new prairie dress. Ain't nothing gonna slow this #saturdaylibrarian down
we taught you everything you know, Mallory!
Never forget...the p is silent as in swimming.
If you don’t have solutions – You don’t have a life- InSpotter mobile app
Lmao this tried to walk in the door and almost triped
NO. BAD!
Ah, what a gorgeous rendition of "The Prayer"!!! Bravissimi!!!
We're getting ready to go live at www.trailblazers.com with talks of play-offs, animal videos, and really tiny british hats. Join us!
#liber2001 Farewell to LIBER tweeps! It's been loads of fun all week. -Jackie
Happy April fools day.
The only time I ever crave Chick Fil A is on Sundays 😒
Happy 18th Birthday to my wife !!
This Is What Your Future Home Might Look Like
Shouldn't I realize...you're the highest of the high?
Mam oh man ;)
I hate when my tummy hurts from eating to fast. Does that ever happen to you?
The sleet is now coming down hard. Probably won't be long until the power goes out. At least we have a low-tech Simpsons jigsaw puzzle.
1/3 to 2/3 of pregnant women get gum disease CloSYS kills the #bacteria & help U stay healthy www.closys.com/research.html#3 Avail
I got 2 elephants and a giraffe as pets
Will do. Really appreciate that bro!
<3 thank you to my favorite girl to jump people with ;) sarcasm*
Ive been singing AMAZING RAGE all morning! =D
If I owe you a follow back..just, mention me and let me know..
Making spit balls out of construction paper and flinging them at me. How cute.
How about just Wisconsin??
Did you know you may be able to deduct your health insurance costs in computing self-employment taxes?
I miss you...:| just scared to say it.
PARTY TODAY going to the bronx its gonna be oddee fun then going to manhattan too go to another party thirteen yrs old knows how to party
I'm good. Don't know of a band. And-thanks 4 the RT:) Hey man, how are you? Do u know any good brazilian band?
Your ratio of sister love hashtags compared to brotherly love hashtags is lame.
and thank you. RT : BuildingMoxie Thanks for following us.
Guys think of girls as books. If the cover doesn't catch their eye, they won't even bother to read what's inside.
im surprised didn't let his caddy drive...
lol thanks. I swear I'm not fat. hahaha
Can you add Univision Deportes to your programming? When? please RT
You order dessert. ;)
*mexican status*
been alright...u?
Those smiling pigs on "Angry Birds" remind me of the laughing dog from "Duck Hunt." I get mad when I can't wipe off that silly grin!
“It was a magnificent trip, through a barely touched wilderness, with daily performances by bears, moose and caribou”
border states first shipments went out this morning! remember we press limited edition vinyl. hurry before we sell out!
you gotta come to our road show April 4th!!
That's not at all what I wanted to see as soon as I woke up.
I wish it would stop thundering and actually rain...a nice long rain.
I know it's Friday and it's very special to so many of you -- but for me -- everyday feels like a Friday..BUT..I work seven days a week..LOL
ok hope you have a great Bacardi day!!
Disregard my last tweets. My brother took over...
It's not the fall that kills you; it's the sudden stop at the end.
Thank you! RT : Bad Sean's #MBA Pick of the Day: Robins School University of Richmond. The strength of Richmond is its student
i love you
Friend from gram on the way to my house party party party let's all get waisted...big ups to gram in this bitch
I'm so happy gay marriage passed in New York state! Sixth state to grant freedom!
Dear everyone in this line is angry. This is the definition of bad planning and execution. How did you troubleshoot this issue?
So glad to hear! YAY Lola! :)
If you lie very still in bed in a hooded sweatshirt under all the covers, all your sad feelings get pulled into the threads of the sheets.
bosses gonna boss, that ripraptors deep in a sunday major
woo! :) great album!
APUSH exam in 4 days..shoot me.
Could we do something about "palling"? As in "palling around with"? Good. K thx bye.
I love
THANK YOU for all you do DF and staff to help those in the cancer fight!!!! LOVE all you guys and GREAT to see everyone!!! :)
I tried to explain my #wetnap fascination and but it just made me sound like a mom, right ?
Actually, Hanukkah starts tomorrow night.
Agree! RT : I think it would b great2have #K12 #parents #counselors #teachers & #principals join us
lebrick James will get the ball
RT : MGK is salty about Coachella. Lol - u would b to if u deserved to b there
The unique words that love to say "I love you TOO, and I am very proud to be Belieber,Today and Always! Follow me and I Answer
LOL either way - nothing wrong with that. Unless you like Chick-Fil-A
Now Following
Our favorite spot! Thanks again for taking us when we were in NYC together!
Your description of Decorah's location made me laugh out loud. It's spot on.
♥♡♥♡ TY RT well since I'm up I'd like to say good morning to wishin her a beautiful Friday & weekend to come.
will do!
Hey it's emma from
Strange. We are connected!
of course I'll email you the youtube clips to approve ...have a good night.
Not even Lmao (: ilost it in the snow -.-
not that I know of. #csa12 seems to be unoccupied. We can tweet using that.
#Martin, Paradise Dogs. Very funny, strangely sweet farce about pre-Disney Central Florida and the Mittyesque misadventures of Adam Newman.
Yep! I'm MMEd class of 2005. Loved every minute of it!
Gotta eat dat pussy up b4 stickin it n. doesn't matter how wet she already is, lick up dem juices, & get her even wetter. Den slide n
Why do I feel like I'm watching a Sony commercial? I'm expecting Jim Nantz to pop up with a new sony tablet
At O'Charley's getting my grub on. Had a few drinks and feel good.
too small or too big? if it's too big maybe you could get dr. scholl's inserts or something? good luck!!
Happy Birthday 
perfect. I'll meet you there in a week.
I wouldn't want to acquire his contract. RT : Josh Beckett needs to get traded. Sorry
Nothin says #Goodmorninggg like 3 flights up a stopped single row escalator w/ ppl stopping every 6 steps to turn & tell how tired they are.
"New lovers are nervous and tender, but smash everything. For the heart is an organ of fire." - Almásy (The English Patient, 1996)
I suspect few saw that one coming.
Step it up fleury
you sick of me
I have to be honest...I have no idea what/who is a Suzie!
Going over my master to do list. What needs to be accomplished in the next 21 days?
Congrats 571.7kfollowers;) always I'll to loe u! We are arriving in 600k followers, let's go my prince!
come on sunday! we need to have a practice with everyone there so we can win games.
Post-acquisition, I now work for RoundarchIsobar. I can't wait to tour the company headquarters in Tlön.
Yay!!! Hit me up when you're officially here :)
Jon, yes, want to meet up at lunch? or after?
When I use it I create a class account & hashtag to channel relevant info. Helps to keep things on topic without losing fun.
Best of both worlds! RT Tough choice so BOTH RT : What are ur fav toppings on ur froyo? Do u prefer fruit or candy?
broke 15' dead log in half by jumping on it while it was propped on another log-other end flies up, hitting me directly in head
fish fil-a
Proving what I always said: Most evangelicals are extremely conservative. That's what they care about.
I'm such a twitter whore
This sucks!
Sunday I'll b apart of #CENATION n always will b. we gt yo back, ima b like Fuck Sunday ima tweet it right b4 yaw match.
Go follow for all election information!!!!
can not wait for the #BELIEVE tour. You work soo hard and we all appreciate it all.
Blessed Wednesday! Up, so very thankful & looking forward to a new day w a big smile 😃 Please be kind out there!! ✌
#KerryWood = Todd Van Poppel. Both were supposed to = Ryan & Clemens. #Natinals enjoy Strasburg could end any time.
We need get those beats together homey
Never put off till tomorrow what you can avoid doing entirely. ~ Anonymous
lol I was thinking about it, but i forgot to record it
LACMA survey indicated that only 20% of smartphone users had a QR reader or understood what a QR code is.
Sees a picture and the caption is "HOLLA AT YOUR GIRL ;)" then sees some guys status "Single girls hmu" Can I just kill myself please?
thank you :-)
The wife and I are praying everyday for you and Mrs.Long. Love you both and see you soon. You both have POWER FOR SUCCESS!
Thanks Steph, and everyone else!
Ladies get your hair done right!
i have seen it already and no kenton isnt :( :(
I see you will be at #Withit Me too! See you there!
John! Congrats on making the video! You should tweet mo
would love to read some of your stuff
Keep true, never be ashamed of doing right, decide on what you think is right and stick to it.
These are the worst refs ever used to the playoffs
Are the people on Doomsday Preppers real? Is this a real reality TV show or is it like Jersey Shore?
So nice out. Why do I have to do this stupid Spanish project
Taken for granted.
Heard the thunder here over the game on the tv's!
I stood in front of Austin the whole time.
hardly tweting today
Just got home from going out wt the girls havent be out in a minute had to keep my mind busy but now reality is setting in...RIP Cuzzo
Back on Empire Avenue, come invest? (e)602KID Enjoy the weekend!
how about bad jockey on seasbiscuit? Good bet?
I'm mad but I can't remember why ..
Oh, no problem. It's the truth.
yeah ill lets you have te red one (:
Horace~ Force without wisdom falls of its own weight.
FINALLY about to sit down to donate plasma, this process is long!!
My dad thinks hes like the shit just cuz he has a 6 pack -___-
Just getting 2 work.Hanging out with Herro brings back old times..
Gym Tan Lax
T'was a good day off. Relaxed and refueled.
Saw a guy pick up a penny and start skipping after. Signs of the economy
I'd like it if you brought me yourself
Ketel one and soda, strawberries and balsamic and Castle, House and Once Upon a Time on the DVR
Alec Baldwin is hot again. Like, for real hot.
John Axford. Ugliest man in baseball
would post formats/icons make it too busy?
come back! NOW.
I just called this heffa and she didn't pick up wow
As you see, my response time is not improving! I got picked up after the early afternoon session. Did you stay for the keynote?
w/teachers?! amazing, what was the response to the play?
hahaha oh yeah, I carry a cigar with me all the time-i just wanted you to hear it from me :)
RT : Help female victims of human trafficking get back on their feet with the Nomi Network Global Project...
If you think your wife takes forever to get ready it's nothing like a Stripper putting on a G-string!
did Jon Lucas really get in Lebrons face? That's what I call a poor decision. Lebron would ruin him.
What with my trip to Montreal & coming home to snow, I've been unable to get out to my gym--until today. Can't wait to sweat.
TY for your kind words. Look forward to seeing you and at #PRSA today
well deserved, give him my praise please! 🍸🍺👍
The Thunder opened a can of whoop ^%%$$ on the Lakers last nite, Yikes!
Reading poetry that is obscure to an audience is insulting, Thomas Lux
Omg the dreams ive been having...
Perry drops out of Pres. race after Romney tells him to run for the 10th Supreme Ct. seat where voting begins Nov. 12, 2012.
Anyone have a way of getting tickets to SNL for this Saturday? :)
What's drastic?
I'm totally in the market for a tasty milkshake. the only question is from where? there's a sonic close.. but there's also UDF.
ya otter take a picture!
love it!!! When will it be released?
For anyone still @ DPC. RT Tonight is the final Wednesday Open Air Market of the year (4 pm to 8 pm), let's send it out with a bang!
#SanDiego can't wait to be named
You mean you haven't started?
I live in florida :)
Great board meeting
this new overlay-from-the-right trend is interesting, saw it first in Chrome settings, then new Facebook app and now Asana. Like it
Enjoy ur life! = To have an experience
Almost 400 bourekas made today...you know you wanna eat 'em!
Christmas in New York on 3/4" tape from this week for the American Archive Inventory. 144 shopping days left!
and , Happy April Fools! Try not to get pranked (;
I second that!! RT For sure next week!
I seriously hate when I bring food to rehearsal and people mooch
Two wrongs dont make a right someone has to be the bigger person and realize that!
RT : How many people woke up this morning went to the range w their 52degree and practiced the high 40yrd hook?
:o I've meet your mommy ?
Badgers draw Manhattan in 1st round, would face Boston College/Texas A&M winner in 2nd round
Her 'food' is processed by the enemy.
No fucking time!
that sucks D:
it was a lot of fun to do. I think only SNL and Jim Lehrer have been on TV longer! ;)
what's the address
There are some really good people in this world (:
No sir, not me!!!! #pause /rossvoice RT ": lol fag"
Candy corn is soon going to turn on aka The Candy Corn Casa Creeper.
In the words of Bill Withers... "It's gonna be a lovely day!"
Thank you for this!
Stoked to start reading The Good News Club by Katherine Stewart for the new Book Club!
you ain't wanna go
Damn shit wild
Subway bread smell: thoroughly permeating clothes since 1965.
I've been corrected.. #CLIPPERS went to Round 2 in 06. Whatever.. it's a GREAT day for #CLIPPERS!! haha
If Wisconsin had kept pace with the national average of job creation, we would have 64,000 more jobs than we have now.
Is it Spring, yet?
What a success!!! I had 9 doggies come to my seminar with about 20 humans. :-)
Easily the best laugh of the week when welcomed colleague back to the office today!
Wow! Matthew 6 in The Message translation... Steep your life in God-reality...
Outward Bound Denver now has a Facebook page to keep you all informed of local activity!!
I'm leaning towards no, but its close. Still don't think NBA teams view him as a 1st rounder
Alonzo Gee really can't dribble but his hesitation left-to-right crossover in transition is a very good move.
PRINCE WAS JUST JUST CRAZY HE IS TOTALLY THE FREAKIEST ONE
Got my tickets to see one direction next year!! So excited:)
Days like today remind me how hard it is to be a newsperson.
I'm honored that followed me today.
#pens goal.
Unifies voice re: our values? Who and how will we speak?
#wfgm_org was hacked by a phishing scam.We did NOT send a DM asking everyone to access a link.Thx for everyone's help over the last 48 hrs!
#np - "Shot Caller"
Every time I'm nice, quiet and happy, assholes pull me back into why Mass Effect 3 was a fucking disaster because of the last ten minutes...
right? Most of the time it really isn't necessary but hey, to each their own I suppose.
not very many! :)
Make my bud the chronic 
TGIF! What are your plans for this beautiful weekend?
Oh Jesus, we're running late, and Gwyneth Paltrow is singing? Someone just got fired. Where is Simon Cowell? Or a gong?
It was really cool seeing today ☺
- #nice That's when SNL was good.
hahaha thats why i love you :)
You need more than a handful. Two hands for each is better.
"Other times it's like slowly dragging individual letters of the alphabet from a mire of cold glue"...words on writing
sounds perfect. I have never been there either. I am ready to tom away!
#Loex2012 make a shopping list of ingredients for the Library Instruction meal
call me fam
What CMBS lending? Many excuses no real answers from Bloomberg panel. Kicking the can continues for the foreseeable future.
": #Scorpio is not afraid to cut you down to get what they want. #ruthless"
The Latest from CES You can now play your PS3 games on your Xbox 360, all while using a Nintendo 3DS as a controller.
lol these cry baby 18 year olds << stop actin like yall never eat ! shoot .
Love is the magician that pulls man out of his own hat.
it's simple. For some, the rules of the game always changes when it hits close to home.
It's about time Jay is showing some gumption!! I guess he's finally getting tired of hearing us say how Gibbsy was way better.
Hi Barry, I'd like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you provide the best customer service possible. Follow 2 DM?
It's raining, it's pouring, my old, fat, weird, chihuahua dog is snoring....louder then usual :P
History repeats itself! Mammoth F named the #NLL Player of the Month. 2 months into the season, 2 Player of the Month awards.
Bout ready for this Knicks vs Heat game!!! let's see if the Knicks can stretch this out another game #WinOrGoHome ...
I GOT NOHTIN LEFT YEAH ITS ALL ALRIGHT I GUESS ITS ALL ALRIGHT
Man that walkin dead ep just made me extra sad
I'm not going to cry...I'm not going to cry...
These Ruffles good !
This conversation is making me feel really old. Kids these days, with their shazaming & whatnot...
he tweeted he was gonna be watching and he was there rehearsing for next week
Good mornin! Got a great nights sleep!
Q.O.D: Who was the first major league baseball player to hit an inside the park home run in an All-Star game?
Big mac date later with <3
Ill never let you down, angel.
Contrary to popular belief, hitting refresh obsessively doesn't make things happen any faster
Blerrrg, such a hard time waking up this morning. I picked the wrong day to stop sniffing glue -- I mean, drinking coffee.
Rise & Grind.
don't you have enough jobs boo?? Lol!
Ah another long day at work!! Can't wait till my only day off monday!!!
Can't wait for my second gala!
Police arrest EMT with Mastic Volunteer Ambulance Corp. for allegedly sexually abusing woman on the way to the hospital
thanks for leaving without saying goodbye by the way...such a tease
no depression! Well nothing that a single malt can't cure.
hahaha well I didn't have his number !
geniuses! We could save so much money!
So bloody tired of the disconnect between assessment and remediation. What's the fucking point?
“: A quince at a ballroom for 200 👊💢👎” "but we don't want you to mix. Just let the song play out" I give them the (~__~ t)
you guys, loving 's book!
Wondering if Siestas could get a copy of the commission you read? Moved 2 tears w/my new friend as we spoke it over 1 another X
Good guess. Yes.
Ready to Rock out March 10th expo
A sad farewell to who grudgingly allowed us to pursue this blog. Naked Truman Capote fans are forever grateful
New Seasons better clean up their act and Sedlar better resign as a manager, or Brady won't be winning mayor after all.
Spent Mother's day with great moms today; both at baseball then grilling out with mom, my sis, Meliss & family
well i hope whoever stole my amazon package of the west by west book from my front porch has a merry christmas!!!
RT Bundling up for a run. Daisy is requesting my presence outside. Hey! I've lost 3lbs on my soup diet.
I can't even watch the #Brewers game anymore, ridiculous... 😠😒
Zoo director tells budget committee that Angelenos on the Westside think the zoo is in San Diego; city doesn't have $ to market zoo.
Maybe we'll get more #SKC #soccerallies b4 the Pride Fest kick-off game on 5/27. Who's standing up for #equality?
Top 10 Features Users Want From Google+ Brand Pages
Thanks D
On any reckoning day.
Today I finished a 32 page document that if I could send it back to myself in 2003, my life may have been completely different.
now I have "Shwarma Shwarma Shwarma chameleon" stuck in my head
Yes! Got my bike checked out and everything!
I hate that #RHONJ focuses so much on weight. I think she is a beautiful young woman.
aww don't say that! what happened?! :(
Just got some bus tix to a client near Pike Place Market
my friend is a b.a.n so sad...
YOUVE BEEN TO AMERICA BEFORE???
Preparing and finalizing details for Linda & John's wedding on July 9th. Westeria is the color and i cannot wait until Saturday.
Black is a status, there's no one on this earth the color black or white.
Dear Toy Story 3, you better be good! This is my childhood you're toying with.
A #BFElvisFactoid - today in 1960 Elvis Presley made his first post-Army recording.
VERY soon! :)
Thank You! : We had such a great time on Saturday with all of our amazing tutors. We hope you enjoyed National Volunteer Week!
Oh NOW is does. Nutshell: Jess's mom is doing better; go home today. Gas goes up a lot, down a little, etc. The boy is being strange.
Never thought i would..
Ohmygod Rebecca Black has a new song!
Beautiful day to come and have dinner on our patio!
I feel infatuation.
Donkey, or Also Indeed Donkey's Hindquarters
Your in Spy Kids 4. That's what happend to you.
Get in touch with
Bad thing about the weather being nice enough for open windows: my neighbors smoke stinks up my house.
Gym followed by an extra special "Bachelor" night! Leslie Knope, "Galentine's Day" was the best idea you have ever had!!!!
Follow , The Cleveland Marshall Law library
Most of the crew is here for the show!
Was at a party that served your food on Saturday- amazing!!! Can I please have the recipe for the chard & cauliflower, couscous
You CHOOSE to. ;-)
Another heart-warming episode of Portland Sucks - Live at 8am - www.pdxsucks.com - listener discretion is advised.
When people don't reply <<
Whatever we had, can we have it back?
My neighbors love my music so much when I blast it, that they invited the police to listen.
Congrats on the promotion. Lot of cold weather in your future. :)
haha aww! You gotta stretch :) ha.
PARTY tonight
Matt Flynn time?
My body is numb but tingling. Petrified.
Thanks for allowing pictures and keeping visitor-friendly galleries!
Finally finished Bitterblue! Thanks, So glad to finally read something really good after a bunch of disappointments!
It's Happening!
RT : I have just been trying to figure out dinner....
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I had no clue what to do. All I knew is I had to do something other than #Facebook!
S/O to my baby girl for always keeping a smile on my face :)
oh I forgot... Special stop tomorrow at central middle school 11-12. If chad wants a red velvet I can drop it by !!
‎1st night of league play for team trivia starts tonight ' plus 35 cent wings and 22oz taps for the price of a pint.
We are running a special for the month of February. Check it out at our website www.slyderfootball.com #special offer
Dont worry about the people from ur past, there's a reason why they didn't make it to ur future
Lost an hour @ Black Fox Lounge w/ Craig Horness & Tom Story, but totally worth it! Happy DST, folks!
Bank of America is UN-believably inept! #banking No wonder why their stock is in the toilet! And to think I helped bail them out!
ya ya ya am wit a dude his got a bad breth ha he iz making me sick n on top of dat he wnts a fb acount.
Catching - The Avengers - today + couldn't be more excited!
i'm sticking to twitter .
If I ever have a question about any animal, I ask
maybe I'll free ball, lol JUST JOKING! I would only do that if no one else knew and there wasn't a chance I would fall. lol
First of all, NEVER STOP DOING WHAT YOU LOVE NO MATTER WHO SAYS!!! Second of all, you did great!!!
M, sugar! That is how I like my sugar too - with a little coffee. Maybe with a splash of vanilla or caramel syrup too. :)
RT : As I get older I find it's better to have just a few "real" friends rather then many fake ones
yes ma'am! Alright. Bed time. Best of luck with Lion. Goodnight!
Invitation to provide evidence searching and appraisal services to support ESA review on safe procedural sedation and a
Want real-time #nascar?
thanks for the #FF shout out! Happy Friday!
and and his bookcase climb is genius. "What did I come for again?"
Today will be a better day...I'm trying to stay positive and pray for the best
YO GOTTI GO HARD EVERY COCAINE MIXTAPE... BEST BELIVE WHEN THE ALBUM HIT STORES IT'S GOIN PLAITUM #NO LIE
Hey I never ordered this X TV channel!! Oh wait....Sorry..Rewind.....It's just Telemundo.....
Massage parlor raid... so much for my happy ending
My Jedi senses are telling me that you're... horny...
Has everyone registered for Fringe yet? We're approving last minute applications now...
Hey , eats bugs for breakfast. I'd wash the non-stick pan AND, oh the horror, my Riedels.
My boss, visited a Google Data Center in Pryor, OK last week.
good night TWITTER good night mb 1-4-3
Preparing for #marathonmonday!
bed before midnight for the first time in god knows how long? you can tell this weekend took a toll on me.
10 year old:I can't wait until I'm a teenager, I will wear cool clothes and sneak out to party! Me:Spills cereal on cat
Tip of the day: Always put your papers in a plastic bag before you walk around in the rain.
Going to see the Avengers
": #Obama : we will not build permanent bases in this country" #obama2012 for peace and strong economy @ home
thanks our clients for their patronage... You are all appreciated!
restless night sleep, more productive designing. Guess I will need lots of coffee today! Good morning Twitter.
Just retweeted the same thing twice and it won't let me delete one:(
Do you think the new DC 52 line will stick or will DC reverse its direction again?
The Archies had the #1 song this day in 1969 with Sugar, Sugar. That sure brings me back to my childhood!
Tim Pawlenty may not be the most qualified candidate but Bachmans comments are very disturbing
Today, October 3 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio | Steve Herbst | International Whistling Champion | www.latalkradio.com | Ch.1
There we go Celtics! Let's get another big win on sunday!! Everyone have a great friday... Its almost the weekend!
have not been there but a hot tub might convince me to like karaoke!
I always know how to handle the situation, it comes from inner peace...
": Just got my earrings from kno my mother is going to Love hers...Thanks:)" yayyy!! I hope she does ♥
you should go to school for music like its def your passion. Who knows maybe sum you can be the best at that too
Getting stoked to see BAD FATHERS LIVE!!! and um...Open for them in a few hours!!!
I'm telling! :)
aww yay when r u gonna be here
Thank you for talking about you social media strategy to our Communications workshop!
no! leave it! thats so cute! :)
Do you have a link? Sounds like something I'd like.
twitter, what are you talking about? these people are not similar to me :P
I wanna be bad. Make bad look so good!
And the #BlackKnights will be heading to Overalls with their win tonight!! Way to go #Knights!
So excited for the April "Truth or Dare with Pepe" show at 10:30 tomorrow night. I'll be debuting Pepe's new look.
OMG! Shell is going to buy BP.
You better Belize!
Take it from me as long as u do not overdo it adam will be fine and no negativity or rumors
Depressed today :/
Huge 4th of July sale on Max & Ruffy's treats! Save 40% with coupon code july4. Offer good July1st - 4th. Give 'em something they love!
I have this good feeling about scoring tonight ...
Couples are eagerly booking rooms/pass for the next Ski the Slopes, get yours too. Spaces are limited to 80 couples. ski.swingfestevents.com
#FF Follow and RT these wonderful peeps
Also, please follow so that you can DM us additional account details or questions that you may have ^CH
special shout out We need to talk too.
My iphone 4 lock button isnt clicking any more i gotta push really hard should i just order the part and fix it my self? had it over a year
Just endured a sit-down "We miss you, we want you back" schmooze chat with my former employer. I already needed a shower, now I need 2.
of Breed, Fasmode Alumni is teaching the Fasmode workshop in SFV area 8pm!
Man imma kill my mom
I used to lie in bed in my flat and imagine what would happen if there was a zombie attack
stuntin is a habit RT : Why do guys think it's acceptable to spit in the street. I'm so grossed out
ha. ha. (stephen laugh) so cute & so true.
Hey Lash Lovers! It's a great day here at the studio :)
1 last tweet FUCK THE VOGUE !!! seriously why do i even attempt and waste my time over & over with that club
Can't wait to check in with my favorite Southern Belle this morning at 7:25 on ! M...M...m!
lol yea lets hope no one calls cps and finds us day drinking & beating up chirren
"Bieber vs One Directon vs The Wanted"? okay, that's so fucking stupid. 1. Justin is a SOLO artist, the other 2 are bands.& I love 1D & JB(:
idk what to do with you anymore
I swear to god... Twitter better say your following me...
I have a mosquito bite on my stretched ear lobe. This is impossible to itch to satisfaction.
LOL!! Yea really...that's facebook for ya!
Just gonna let it flow and ride it with it
report card??!?
me likey too!We have been together since 1800 followers,does this mean you guys are really dating just like she said?
Attention Apple: your chuckleheaded rule against competing book apps will not prevent me from getting books from someone other than Apple...
nope no your not!!
Delta's new extra comfort seats are not so comfortable horizontally.
What a crazy night of baseball. That was awesome.
Right, which then becomes a legitimating factor in any policy or media discourse that deploys it (e.g., Moynihan and Myrdal crap).
Sausage is one of the oldest forms of processed food, having been mentioned in Homer's Odyssey as far back as the 9th Century B.C.
I love waking up to 's smile :)
My eyes are wide-open throughout the nighttime hours to reflect on your word. Ps. 119:148 (oh to make all of Ps. 119 one big faith decree)
bus fair is 210
definitely check us out for PPM!
hm my first Columbus Day in Columbus. am i supposed to do anything special to mark the holiday?
I recognize some of those! :)
anyhow three people are going to get that last tweet. I know exactly who.
Participating in the Out of the Darkness Walk in Anchorage. Alaska is a great state, we shouldn't lead the nation in suicide.
One more month of school, then summer!
Happy No-Rooz!
You know the saying kill them with kindness? Well.. I got a gun named kindness, does that count?
#ThingsICantLiveWithout my family
The Best Daily Deals in Chicago - Western Suburbs: Round-Trip Limo Service to the Airport for Three
you're not the only one
Work smarter, not harder.
loll gladd my bro is proving all these mahomies ishhhh ppl need too realize buh n open der damn eyes
Congratulations Lady Bears! Luv watching you play:)
Same here
Spirit, show me the right thing to do. Show me the path you intend and give me the courage to walk it.
Fixing your hunger, one burrito at a time! :)
Neither is Lucroy. RT Brian Anderson: "George (Kottaras) not known for his throwing."
why don't you tell him that i'm leavinn, never lookin' back again.
thanks for the follow...never an extra charge for emergencies,holidays,nights&weekends..27/7...born & raised in Olinville
This chem hmwrk is killing me
My kingdom for some commented code somewhere. Thousands of lines of code and not a comment or a header to be found
Lol "when your horny as fuck" lol omg why would someone ever txt me that
Dancing with >>>
well just be confused
Dig it. Our band-aids are skateboards.
Getting pizza at Bronx Pizza in Hillcrest after walking a few miles. I feel this pizza is justified
Wat a bad day
We have a full time temp office clerical opening at M&M Office Interiors from 4/6-6/20(ish) for $10/hr. Let me know if you know of anyone.
Who says Baseball players aren't tough?
I need a refill (;
your brand helps build an emotional connection between your work and your customers
what pimp..hey what new song about something my swag thats real hot right now?
About to go back to sleep finally;
is it bad when I get L O S T in your E Y E S<33 ?
Highly recommended: "Do YOU Mean Business?" by Babette Ten Haken. This is a book you don't want to miss!
Money is the motive! Haha.
maybe come to tonight?
sweet! Without activism, nothing would change!
full house tonight!
Had fun w/ last lecture at NJIT last night on legal and ideological currents in Bill of Rights. Made me want to re-read Akhil Amar.
Loving Snow Leopard!
i miss u my boo!
Thats too much thinking at 7am
I'm an architect of days that haven't happened yet
lol. I am just glad you found one. Don't hesitate to call me Monday. Have a great weekend!
57 dollars in my #OutsideLands fund!
thanks :D
Not a shred of evidence exists in favor of the idea that life is serious. - Brendan Gill
Awesome! You can always call the store or email to reserve a certain day.
Does tax season really begin tomorrow? Oh no, not sure I'm ready. But am I ever ready? And yet, I do it every year! Ah...responsibility!
We love the new baby's room! It has a nice new rug, soft stuff to lay on, lots & lots of toys for us. Just wonder where are kennels will go?
MY hearts a stereo..it beats 4 u so listen closee. hear my thoughts in every notee. :D
pass it here
I won't be happy until all the memories are erased from my mind.
Got some personal stuff going on. Would really appreciate some prayers. Ty.
thank god for extended battery
How can you tell if a violin is out of tune? The bow is moving.
RT Tonight I am playing a short acoustic set at Brothers Wine Bar at 10:20p sharp. Corner of W117th and Detroit.
I've been your fan since Shark Boy and Lava Girl.. hahaha. c;
The environment and a new baby
Especially guys.
No Its Okay Finish Your Story I Always Yawn When Im Interested
5 Bald Eagles in Occidental Square this afternoon! Seagulls are in a tizzy. Wish I had my camera.
Working hard on tunes to be sure you are workin' it on the dance floor. Thank you so much for your support :-)
#YouKnowWhatsAnnoying is when wack rappers wanna diss me but they're not even on my level!!
it didn't go off while i wan on air, he.
I think next one up is Shutterous for $500M. Can I start a rumor? :p
Latinos disagree with Filner's party or policies?
Good morning friends!!!! If you ever need any temporary or temp to perm employees please feel free to give me a call... Im working at Offic…
is approaching one-thousand followers! Follow us today!
#SmackDown not again nnnnnnnnoooo stop him
I'm worried about it, but I've always been trying to save like it wasn't going to be there-but many others don't have that luxury.
I'm not sure, I'd be happy to send Anna my answers....
“: Wichita, Chief Meteorologist Dave Freeman says move to shelter now.”
Seriously Jared Leto is NOT even that cute. What's the fascination??
#teamfollowback hit me up and I shall return the favor. :)
I haven't seen a replay, but I hope there was safer barrier where #14 hit...that has me having bad flashbacks...very worried
hey Soror, I am at a coming out show at Valdosta State Univ. Thanks for the shout out yesterday. Deuces!
I just saw the nod DancePlus Fall got in the December issue of Dance Magazine- so cool!
I heard that they domt sell food anymore! :(
Some fans the #Caps have. Triple OT and a bunch of empty seats visible in the lower bowl. Fill those seats !!
Could you take Howard in your prime? Hm..
Good point. Likely not?
what makes u say that?
College Baseball Final - Nebraska 5, Creighton 3 - first of 3 meetings this spring between the two in-state rivals #jays,
st discovered and all his #fromspace pics. SO AWESOME!!!
Are you a school in the New York City area using TriCaster? I may have a press interview for you! Send me Direct Message!
It's not until later on some girls will find their prince. Kiss a couple of frogs, to find your prince(:
Crazy long weekend away with the girls at Beachmere in Ogunquit, ME. So much fun we rebooked for next year. Now back to work today.
yeah i will have a good life without you chris !!!
ehh i tried...
Feels so good to finally be done with you. Have a nice life, ASS HOLE.
Love this!
I'm the fiber of the art world.
thanks for the follow!
How are everyone's resolutions?
RT : Using OneNote-export important client emails for safe keeping and backup purposes
im so bored are you?
Me: "I think we should just throw them into the water off the boat" : "it would be wrong not to throw shamu back in the ocean"
idk man... i just love Josh Hutcherson
wow! Thank you for listening. We've started tracking 6 other songs for our album. We'll be releasing them soon.
Too much grape in my cran-grape this morning.
I don't get why people just stand there on escalators.
Turnaround let me see sumin lights, camera, action. Just thought of Jazzy Ts
Up and at it early!!!
i forgot like everything today -.-
After surviving an almost fatal jet ski accident in May, Sean Kingston is back on his feet and attending Hollywood events.
Hey Brad how long are you in LA?
That was rough. Here's hoping the afternoon intermediate computer class goes better than the morning beginners class.
I'm the only one at school with Blue hair. (: I stand out.
Food & Math. RT : Michelle obama in San Diego: food is the universal language. We need a garden in every community.
No classes today...start studying for those finals!
Oh no. She just got comfortable. smh. Get yourself together, Olivia.
... Changed my avatar to Dany. Excited to see her and her dragons tonight!
Okay sorry guys but we have to report that Build Day is canceled and we will not have a Build Day this Saturday.
it's officially 3pm in ft. Meyers. If it is anything like senior spring break you are well on your way to hammered right now.
Oh my you definitely need to go back and visit! :D Do you speak fluent spanish?
Ha, yes, I suppose I am less than consistent with my tweets. ;p But, yeah, persistence has paid off!
Awesome! If you're looking for anything in particular, let us know and we'll try to track it down for you!
Thanks for the RT! Have a great weekend.
major letdown.
Listen at 730. Caller 12. RT : when ru u givn them out on air and wht time u have to b in the club or...
Everybody go to wsm.com real fast and listen to the opry. My honey will be on in a little bit. Anything else exciting? not for me.
lmao and I'm obviously DIRTY DAN!
The RLR jam session has been so great lately! Thank you to everyone who's been a regular! Mondays 9pm 626 S. Spring St.
Massage can relieve migraine pain
Venice I arrive in 5 days so please have the coffee, pastries, & art all ready or I WILL demand a refund on my toilet pass from the commune
Too much to do and I'm choosing to stop for the night. Sometimes a girl just needs a break!
But you are the pearl on every bus everywhere. Y'see what I'm sayin'?
flyer then a fucken bee tho, you cant beat em.
Good Morning Beautiful People , I'm in such a happy mood this morning :)
His birthdays in 3 days...should I care....probably.
Don't eat the garnish!
Very good discourse. It was a success. Excellent mode of engaging in this vital discourse.
Working on some cover letters!
When I try to update my Zune to 4.5, it gets stuck at 0% of 'step 1 of 4: downloading updates." Are Zune DLs down?
very cool mane
Iam as boerd as a fat kid with bowl of vegetables
its been storming all week. like dang, can i SLEEP?
RT i woke up this morning like a got damn cat in heat i tell you!
YOU BOSS CHICKS COMING TO THE #B.O.S.S JEWELRY MIXER THIS SUNDAY?! 253 TRINITY AVE LOFT D ATL, GA 30303 #BOSSUP!
Didn't you interview them once for us?
Wildcat is bout to run wild again tonight.
Thanks for the heads-up. I'll check on that. ^jh
sucks to be them": Knew it :) RT : Answer: Janikowski & Lechler - they are among just 6 players selected in 2000
A BIKE COP? I need to be home.
Pissed off like there's no tomorrow!
Gooooaaaalllllll!!!!!! Thank you Sergio!
I could break everything in sight
- matt. ur a lucky bitch.
Are you serious?!
If I get 5+ piercings in my face, brag about smoking weed and pretend I don't give a fuck about anything will I be considered hip and cool?
Woke up before 7 on a sunday without any alarm. Going to bed early is the best.
Watching people get murdered while studying for vocab..normal right??
Me too. “: I'm inspired. took his passion ( ) and combined it w/ his skill (social media). #SMCRVA”
Bring back the BellBeefer!
...and THAT is why is my go to.
Just Finished New Wholesale Pricing For Graphic Designers and Resell Shops
My baby nephew fell asleep on me and I accidentally dropped my phone on his head while I was texting. Lmao! It's cool tho he's fine
I did! And I am finally releasing which is very fun!
What color should i dye my Hair , auburn or light Brown?
I should have spent my free period studying for my midterm, but instead I played Pokemon and listened to music.
Haha okay just text me first to make sure I'm ready :D
where in east LA can I go trout fishing? Like which lakes did they put the trout in?
Finishing a paper on how I would rate the moral imperatives common to “professional” documentaries. Man I'm tired.
Trust me they'll like it. They love the attention. Hahaha.
Watching Punk'd lml :-)
IT'S ANNIE DUMBASS
oops.... i did it again
My lucky day...upgrade to #firstclass! Nothing beats Seat 1A!
Don't Leave me tongue tied.
(Collective sigh of relief on set) RT : Arrived LA 4 tv spot - is Awesome Baby!
lol you silly... I'm down
#thatawkwardmoment when the person KNOWS they deciphered something wrong but play it off as if they are right ...lol =P
Great idea!
Koobface Gang That Spread Worm on Facebook Operates in the Open
rent or buy?
REAL stinky men...Do girls really like a guy that doesn't shower.... robert pattinson apparently doesn't and doesn't wash his hair...
Happy Easter!
'are you a justin bieber fan?' 'not fan , belieber ?'dET
no, my old roommate had all dvds that are out. Pretty sure that's the same as Netflix - I've seen through 6, 7 just aired, right?
THanx. I try to keep my pics entertaining! RT love the monkey!
Thanks and you too!
I'm going to watch GI Joe: Rise of Cobra while waiting for my agent to call. Thanks #channingtatum for being there for me. Don't judge.
Some people need filters on every picture...
#inforumsf - what is your favorite St. Louis memory?
Sounds like an incredible show. So sorry I missed it!
lol I was on there once. Similiar to RM's mailbag.
Good Morning Twitter. My body is so sore but I don't care I'm gone be back at it tonight.
Enjoyed the debate this a.m. Perhaps the ? is more about personal v. corporate blog. Both need personality and opinion.
already know big J up n this 
when you get the all white ?
If people are so fake then stay away from them!! Stop being around them so you can say they're fake
Awesome. I love porches but my friend's house doesn't have much of one. I miss sitting out and being neighborly.
So with that said, tomorrow I'm gonna have hubby dig holes for my rose bush & yuccas. I can plant the other plants myself. It's on now!
Retweet if you love the
The Colts are so bad they may not be good until they are able to draft RGIV.
...the IMPORTANT things i sacrifice my time for, like learning something.
Yes, definitely - and that only contributes to the sense of "different" and "wrong" and "failure"
WISH YOU WERE HERE by INCUBUS
RT ": Much love and respect to "
Today, I crossed 42nd street scratching my back. Two drunk guys drove by me and screamed “backscratcher!” and drove off. MLINY
If you want to feel good, you have to go out and do some good. -Oprah
imma play the DTF drinkin game tonite. What are my odds of being sober past 9:25? I got money on this
The sky is blue and all the leaves are green! The sun is warm as a baked potat-uh! I think I know precisely what I mean.
$119,922,500? Thanks for the benchmark Edvard. Quite confident about May 15th at Christie's.
you think TC can beat Jones? They warming up yet?
I hope we're speaking of the same event, and that it didn't happen twice. I read about it last week.
My new favorite boy name is Cashton thanks to -- future child's name.
Contact the guild or ask Sheila.
Chef Q&A: Happy Healthy Human owner shows how to become H: Chris Kridler/FOR FLORIDA TODAY For more than two years, Jason Santini h...
seems like a productivity/skill problem to me, (and many other MLS fans)
happy valintines day everyone!!!!u ppl rock.....!!!!
Mother's Day photos? Instagram them with hashtag
OMG- Mike Tyson is 66% Ghost Dog!
Just did a line off a a bums arm when he was passed out
Good luck, mama cita!
Crazy weekend approaching--show, shoot, and rehearsals for another show...
Chris Leak has rejoined the AFL after being traded from the Jacksonville Sharks to the Orlando Predators today
I think both of you might find this prayer-app useful: www.birdofprayer.org
I use twitbird. Love it
It's all fun & games until the cops get involved... got pulled over with a ticket because the Fl # wasn't on the ski.
State testing phone stays at home bye friends! Bye Twitter!
Beat the Jazz!! GO SPURS GO!!
San Antonio , Texas!! We are performing tonight at The Ten Eleven! 1011 Avenue B 78205
On a positive note, my thyroid is back to normal. Now to shift this weight...
you're WELCOME!!!
Did you know that John Hunter was speaking at "the real" TED conference this year?
I'm going to see #BrandiCarlile at #WolfTrap! She's great!
you too! Can't wait to try your 'que -- bummed I missed that secret supper
Sorry I missed you guys! Catch you next time for sure!
« Goodluck !!! :D» agh thanks mamas i will be a major nervous mess!.
Ones merit is irrelevant when human nature favors ones like you. White are majority guess who gets shafted.
sup wit them mario powerups tho?
I feel like getting drunk and playing rock band 3 today :-)
Does anybody know if got her laptop fixed yet? :)
u look amazing
Lol no, i wanted a boy so bad @ 1st.
Welp Milwaukee, it's been real. I'll miss ya. Off to the Twin Cities. And I never though I'd say this but.... GO PACK GO!
maybe the 1st thing i can do is get 2 know your website :)
I had such an amazing day yesterday!!! And I got the moat amazing birthday present ever!! :)
And this is why he should just save himself time and more heartache an just pick one of us!
I just pinged the pastor from the non-denominational church I mentioned to you to see if he can fit in a chat/meeting with u
All we do is lite it up all night !
Y'all didn't hear it, but the POTUS said, "...and I slam it when I'm done and make sure it's broke!" when he finished the speech
Happy Earth Day.!(:
Ah tired af from work here in San Diego ...so happy I got to the hotel room intime to watch this Dallas and okc game tho
VIADOOM! Front page of the Seattle Times today, can't believe the URL was still available. want to make a viaduct web page w/ me?
Hmm? I don't get it! I got pino folks who's Fam do it RT : You want some cake and a shot? #QuestionsAskedAtAFilipinoParty lol
And it is sure to rain cats and dogs tonight « Just My Life
is a bitch for winning those hamburgers in TV production... I ain't gonna lie, though. He had a pretty funny video. >->
RT : Dont just be a broadcaster on Twitter - be sure to share good links and/or ask questions to engage.
Watching Underworld while these guys go through my yearbook -.-
Perfect on a beautiful day like today! Thanks for visiting us!
Please keep it up! You're way too pretty to be doing that :( x
what class are you in right now?
thanks so much for the follow :-) I'm honored and excited!
why not? validate that statement. Based on his body of work he's more than qualified to be a superb QB.
So this is how douchebags operate.
Class tournament date again today? ♡ Loll.
are your listeners REALLY going to stepup more than the morning listeners in the CivilWar Auction? WE hope so!
most of ct's caves aren't technically caves, dummy
only real Oreo crew member can dip without letting it soggy sir
Adjusting my eyes on what is unseen instead of what is seen for what is seen is temporary and what is unseen is eternal ... FAITH!
I would drive to OM for lunch if there were food trucks out there.
WHAT'S UP!!! I got plenty of Love for the both of u... However, u are a Brewers fan, so I have to give the edge to u
Fourth of July weekend ! So many great things going on Stop by and watch the game!!
Called me a nasty, freak, hoe lol
you mean Joan of Arc(senal)!
Great cover story! Love the subject, Milwaukee is kinda the "Green" trendsetter, who knew?!
30 minutes more...
Pregame goes 3-1 on Super Bowl Sunday picks. Nothing like a great football game, and of course winning some money!!
OMG PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME
good luck 😊
Irish specialties, seafood, salads, sandwiches, and a kids menu all
Packing for #SMWNYC I need to experience the "Lin-sanity" first hand.
HERE COMES THE EPIC SHOT TO WIN!!!! #GoDucks!!!!!!!!
Don't start to end a conversation with me then get booty tickled when I don't text back.
Jealous of people for whom normal breathing just happens automatically.
eu queria ir pro show do rio :(
yes do tell !
I don't think that's what he meant. Funny though.
pre-cocktail matinee w/ Bridesmaids....yes, yes, yes!!!! ;)
Reading and discussing with at Periodically Speaking panel at New York Public Library: June 14th, 6PM
We're underway at #EUCI web self service with my good bud talking about leveraging online maps to benefit customers.
YES made it into the top 13!!!! So excited!!!!
eq is trying to get at Sahara, trade with Arabia, Niger river, wealth and travel generated by gold, fighting over resources
And that is the reality of the 21st century "shift" in education.
Join the Marines and at American Home on the corner of Menaul & Carlisle for the Toys for Tots drive. They've got doughnuts!
well yea of course I would but you would need to take about a 3 hour flight lmao
Eghh nasty guy at Mickey d's giving me the creep face D:
see you soon! I'm sure #goldcoastLTI will be amazing b/c...who has convention in the keys?!
I need my mom!! So sick agh
HEY YALL! ADAM LAMBERT SENT ME A FRIEND REQUEST ON FB YESTERDAY! AH!!!!! HES SO HOT!!!!! TOTAL DIE HARD FAN!!!
Photo shoot with the great Tekla Frates Today!
#CV2012 Endorsed by majority on council?? That's exactly her problem. All inside baseball game.
ok bye.
Concur RT epic
Yay! Go Trish. RT : Finally! Actually sat down and wrote again. Felt good. 507 words. Got my quota.
I wish a bitch would!!!
Chris Newfield on the American Funding Model and the UC system: higher ed singled out for cuts while prisons skyrocketed.
put together a good move!
Change your twitter password James, I believe you've been hacked unless you're supplementing Packer pay w weight loss ads!
LDK Solar cuts jobs as margins collapse - Reuters UK
The Futures Collegiate Baseball League is accepting applications for GM's for expansion franchises. Email .
If the nuggets beat LA it'll be a good night
Musicians don't retire; they stop when there's no more music in them. - Louis Armstrong
Chop chop time...
Thank you for the RT Patrik :))
I literally exploded for the next three days after eating B's beans, LOL!!! We scarfed that shit down, yo!
Back from Utah :)
you and I both girl!
Happy Birthday to team M.E.!!! <3 ya'll
Are you happy today? If yes, pass it on....give someone a smile today!
I love crying in the rain. because when i do, no one can hear the pain......---
Agree he wasn't at 100 percent, but felt he was trying to do something which was more than others at that point
that sounds awesome!
Welcome Mitzi ! You are in great hands with Russell and his group. Hopefully you can join us on tonight webinar!
3 more months to be 21
We can't wait! Can we start now!? RT : Great American Pitchfest & are our guests #scriptchat tonight!
stop by anytime. I'll be there all day today as well.
Sent you a DM with my answer to this question. :-)
Jumping in to the wedding chat with and friends!
I JUST LEARNED HOW TO POACH EGGS!
Celebrating by having lunch with my honey !
You cannot lead a dynamic organization from behind a computer screen. Management by walking around is too often downplayed today.
I stopped doing drugs and now I literally dream about them
you are clever! You got me lol
I remember in elementary skool we ate off lime green trays. Them chocolate milks was good as shit
Keynesians subsidize urinals
sounds like your talking about Ha
LMAO. That do sound like some shit I would say though. Thanks
Friday, Friday, Friday! I'm slinging, MrTim is spinning. 5pm to 10pm Come stalk us.
Thing I hate about "Pinterest"? Now have every female friend posting shit like "cute kitchen" to "dream house". That kitchen cost $400,000!
i think this makes sense if you know what i'm sayin
Your right! RT : YOUR' living bro!
Hi Nancy! Just wanted to reach out. Would love for your hear some of my new CD that's getting ready to be released...blessings
I don't know if these old ladies are talking about me or
Wow. Wonder how much time it took to work that all out. That is the very definition of a close collaboration.
now you're getting me worried! ;)
The entire corner of chuch and market literally smells like cocaine
is that the money you got from babysitting ?
#Marvelous Monday:
Hey, folks! If you had to pick an author to blurb a work of literary horror, who would you choose? Is it someone you know? Tell me!
consider: promotion is necessary for spreading word about what God is doing, so that you can point them to Him.
“The trouble with not having a goal is that you can spend your life running up and down the field and never score.” – Bill Copeland
That's a great stat We'll have to add that to our daily #mobiletrivia!
RT "Any idiot can face a crisis. It's the day-to-day living that wears you out." - Anton Chekov
Also: possible ballot initiatives to be discussed at Tues #ChulaVista council mtg: infrastructure bond measure? A law to preserve parks?
Being single = less drama, but lonely. Being in a relationship = chance of being cheated, but chance of being loved. The choice is yours.
is fab and funny! So glad to have her at CC today
saw there last week. Hilarious!
RT : Where will LOVE go next? Any suggestions? Any ideas?
we are still going to Foundation after right?
Happy st George's day. A day to celebrate Shakespeare and morris dancing, clouded hills and our green and pleasant land. :)
Rain Friday? C'mon man we got a show.
That moment you realize you've been doing it wrong this whole time.
Joe Flacco isn't special, Ray Rice is...
I've been left completely awestruck by the new Windsor Airlift record. You're a huge inspiration.
on live now with Jennifer Griffin & husband Greg Myre about their book "This Burning Land" with www.radiokolamerica.com
Makes for a long weekend for you, but I say "worth it" if it gives you a special birthday.
true but others can't xD
thanks for the #ff my friend!
yeah I kind of do that with Point-and-shoot cameras, I want to touch the screen to go to the next image. Damn, Apple! :)
hell yeah!
that's actually a pretty good one. there's a nationwide welder shortage! more lucrative/harder: machinists
"I'm not gay, I just want to boogie to some marvin."
Oh i already met him last friday but i wanna see him again
Sessions has turned Matt Barnes back into the role player he once was in Orlando. Gotta Love it
Beware is making a movie about Toy Story at Toy World Friday! Come be in it! Anyone that dresses up like characters from Toy Story wins!
lol my mom would never let me skip school to go to Dollywood
I dunno, man. About half of what YA authors say would create scandal among the bloggers / goodreads people.
Uh, Nas really likes that Ciroc, huh? Product placement isn't even slightly subtle these days..
RT : Check out ! and I teamed up to design a 'logo' for a different #Wisconsin town every day for...
Rainbows make me happy :)
I miss the sound of your voice <3
Headed back to boston.
Seriously I'm going early to pay...WE MUST GO!
Do they still make Gallo wine? Haven't seen that it years!
Wow. Exactly what have the two of you got going on? Sounds suspicious, and, knowing Jamie, I'm precisely correct.
Done & done
I think it is kinda good. Try different brands and flavors
If Katniss and Peeta had done more than kiss in the woods, they would've received more packages. Just a thought.
Thanks to Denise and Bruce for a lovely dinner and a wonderful visit at the Inn. Come back to see us soon!
so tired
it's called
Right cause ion get oneRT : If I take time out of my morning to text you "Goodmorning" you obviously are cared about.! :)
Accepted RT“: I need to apologize to for ending our friendship bc of crosbitch”
Nowak: The trade will give the Union another defensive option
A life of Torah is a life of giving to our G-d for all He has done for us.
Dear social media gurus, ninjas, mavens and all others in marketing: Please retire the words "robust" and "leverage". That is all.
Sex is dirty only if it's done right.
==>I Hate "Broke....... Beggin Azz B*tches" **ITS TIME FOR YO BROKE ASS 2 HIT THE POLE**
Happy Monday! What's on your agenda for the week?
In need of more Wedding Bands in the Shenandoah Valley to add to >>> www.ShenandoahWeddings.org
thank you!
good :) prolly more her then me but that's okay lol, what u dm her bout?
#like RT I see sunshine!!!
Hope mine drops by Dunkin' Donuts too RT : BREAKING: American Airlines Flight Makes Unscheduled Stop at ATM
follow back love
that you destroyed 
cars are a pain. walking is no fun either unless with your dog and sometimes thats a pain as well. can't win, could be worse though. gd luck
damn, this thing automatically unfollows people who don't follow me anymore, awesome.
#np girlfriend can come too -
The fact Im leaving the state of CO here soon >>>> #EastCoast ^.^
"What year did Jesus think it was?" — George Carlin
feel better :)
We should be makin love, instead of breakin up..
hahaha ok u the phenom tho
lol yeah that was funny. so how r u?
think of me as a trashy Ke$ha!
This is more than a crush more than a like like more than a love<3
Freiboth thinks tunnel creates tons of Seattle jobs. We hear only around 150. For... $4 BILLION. That's some expensive jobs.
today is warm i can't wait to summer time cum up
No no no no no !!!!!!! I refuse , fxck it & ima thugg it out like i do everythingg else ..
Heading to Licking Co where authorities are tracking possible sightings of the Zanesville exotic animals
LAkers beat themselves, nice to know Staples is still lakers house. 50/50 crowd. Not bad for a clip home game haha
Attention: All you pretty ladies in patent leather shoes. I have all my hair and I am sans chilluns.
Damn typo ~.~
omg that was you!? I had no idea.. You look so different. I'm sorry 😔 did you apply?
Silences make the real conversations between friends
Beyonce named 'World's Most Beautiful Woman' – The Marquee ...
are you in Miami yet ? (:
SchoolBoy Q and Kendrick Lamar is the only rap I've been listening to lately.
yeah, but I don't see why its impossible
Thx! hope to cu again soon! RT : -just dined at Michael Mina's . Cuisine was truly fantastic.
lots of stuff; less PC resources to run, uses more GPU, new camera raw 7, Wide Angle Lens Correction to fix distortion....
Syracuse isn't the 2nd best team in the country. No surprise Louisville is hanging.
Cute stuff!
Wondering how can I start my rj and what to write... :<.
I kno I hate it
that was hilarious i was dying haha
If the more complex use case is mobile -- as it could well be -- then it makes to start with that use case.
That would be so awesome to have both, then this would be a city fulfilled with sports.. We do support our teams well>>
We threw a Harry Potter birthday party for the 7 year old on Saturday. If anyone needs ideas for a upcoming party we have lots to share...
Do you think TPers realize that 8 signers of the Declaration and 9 framers of the Constitution were IMMIGRANTS? EGADS!
Don't judge the angst-filled teenage girl inside of me that is catching up on 5 episodes of #OneTreeHill... I really miss
Creepy guy in the Aldis parking lot..
Oh dear, just did mini-inventory of all the blog entries I have to catch up on... What a mess! Please keep me accountable, friends!
way to go dude! You deserve it!
Studies say online students drop out for lack of "social" aspect. Happy to show you TechChange's model if you're interested.
I wish everyday traffic was like saturday morning traffic!
Tavern Trivia League through Week 7 Overall Standings. Tonight is the Final Week of the regular season! Top 3 Teams and a few Wild Cards...
I'll Fly down if Im Invited this year if im invited ;-)
Wow. The Emmys are really funny this year. Totally shocked.
It's so HOT OUT!!
the episode tonight was awesome it made my night so funny and awesome performance.P.S. Zayn was so hot!
Seeing george clinton tonight at the 930 club.
I'm so disorganized that the paranoia is now invading my dreams.
9:30 am workout, now I have all this energy and nothing to do!
EVERYBODY GO FOLLOW NOW NOW NOW HE'S AWESOME SEXUAL !!!
..wow! that was kinda creepy haha.. when u find a person that is too much like u..
Quite surprised by My Week With Marilyn and quite touched by Albert Nobbs.
ha, mom said same thing when searching for me on videos. I was kneeling a lot to get out of press shots, so it's no wonder! :)
Stop Smoking. One cigarette alone delivers over 4,000 chemicals to your body.
Need 2 Hit Me Up Wit Summo Of Dem Dealzzzzzzzzzzzz
RT : What you believe affects what they achieve. - Brian Souza on Management and coaching.
: nothing much you? <3
Oomf's so cute!
Just did the John Yowell Marine call after eating something spicy.
Aladdin's Castle! MT “: We had arcades and if you were good at a game you could play all day for a quarter... #talkwithmykids”
Lol this is a good day!!
did my first show as a bioqueen last night. you inspire all women, biological or otherwise.
awesome, frisbee & book action
sure just sign up on the site and share it with your friends.. We will be sending out qualified users the invites in November
wine..ill be over in a minute
Life is too short to worry about stupid things. Have fun and fall in love. Regret nothing and don't let people bring you down.
Driving Through Washington D.C.?
in bed watch movies
Of course, we also work with any non-HubSpot content management system
mental health is such a beast. People spend so much time chasing behaviors & wasting $$$ & time. Do u work child/adolescent?
Im gonna talk shit about michelle freeze on twitter cause she can't see it
Farted and sneezed at the same time. I had to duck into the bathroom to check and see if I shit myself. Nope.
Nothing like seeing Gary, Jack and Arnie on the first tee at The Masters!
sadly getting a.handle on how much it costs to do most things I'm our district is my greatest challenge
Right now on the TJMS: Jacque Reid goes "Inside Her Story"
His dad was a husky and his mom was part lab/rottweiler. He's freakin' adorable. XD
LUVD U in ! Congrats 2 U ,the Fabulous&Fine & the Rest of the Cast! GREAT MOVIE!
Why was at my house, without me... Haahhaahah
I'm surprised you've lasted this long. I love Tweetbot--it returns every feature the official app removed, making Tw. fun again.
"She can't say no if her head is missing" -
Tonight we're @ The Greenroom w/ Waiting for Brantley.
Great to see you today, Larry! How is your week going?
had up to speak to did a great job. Thanks for the initial referral!
Now refs are getting involved in the game. Just what we all want to see, traveling and fouls...
Happy HUMP day everyone!!!
The kid is singing the National Anthem with at Astros game today.
Thank you for following Suburban Cowboys! FYI we are in Chicago Thursday night at LaSalle Power Co.!
OK, got it. Henceforth you will be known as "the other black guy" - LOL
Preparation Is Key To Succesful Java Job Interviews | Inclusive ...
spiked. I've never seen you with spiked hair before
Super huge storm:(
Just got done watchinf Kenan and Kel, I love
You're cruel. Whatever, who needs beloved writer friends at a writer conference when you can be writing a paper for Friday?
There's a scene where Lebouf runs into a fairly famous building around here, and ends up on a roof in Chicago too
friends follow back I am already following you
Watching hannah Montana the movie
You gon learn today!
Any DC folks headed to burning man this year? Wondering if any of ya'll help make up the ~29k orders in front me?
Christmas eve. my family. WOW!!!
thank you for the ff!
figures. jaeger shots at #womma LOL we just get wine
I did, at least, learn how to make bacon simple syrup. It is now my goal to make an amazing bacon cocktail. I can do this!
Friends are Like Boobs some are real and some are Fake
Hey no prob... Thanks for the RT!!!
My hair is still wet, but I have today off and no plans.
I gained like 8 followers today haha
Where's my Minnesota Pump n Run peeps at?
I need a tan.
girl dosent look CLOSE to columbian
Just remembered why I hate clothes shopping....
I will never get mad at fast food workers. Unless they really deserve it. This is what working fast food has taught me.
are you doing? Did you find a suitable habilitator for your darlings? ( our schedules didn't pan out... you read my resume)
hot mama!
3 New song now ready for your ears. Check them out, let me know.
Sharing her experience of being in a car accident at age 18 through documentary-style theater allows her to connect w/ audience.
Ugh I need to grow some and go say hi!!!!
No ice in the monte
We are sad the kitties had to leave, but they are with an exceptionally good family. That takes away a lot of the pain :)
I want to live in New York & have a life just like Friends
nike.com/makeitcount
Gonna crash though
Thanks for the RT!
When yall see me roll up with my caucasian Queen rocking dashikis and medalions dont hate lmfao
Watch Lord of the Flies in govrmt
#FF !! Our band member that doesn't play an instrument! The damage control guy!
sorry to hear abt Princeton! (That program is confusing.) Hope you land something better.
we can start low and bump it when it fills!
Do you write code on your iPad? What do you use?
Large number of people out sick at work today. Guess I'm glad I missed the office happy hour yesterday.
Today is payday. I'm reading CHUCK COLLINS - 90 TO 1. A book about wealth inequality. You know what that means. The poor need more.
follow back plz? :)
Thanks to for the free Malone's feast
Im seriously So nervouse
Even though its Father's Day, you mothers still gotta look good! We're open 1-4! Come on in & get your sweat on!!
Congrats 2 Gary Ow! He pitched "Hsien of the Dead" @ 15th Hollywood Pitch Festival & as a result will begin production starting March.
Started planning for a new project...excited :)
#milwaukee Moulding Mania has hit the store!Stop in this winter while the weather is hard to handle to complete your interior moulding work!
I've just made a facebook. Friends?
who lost teeth? Lol
M, give me juicy pork over “shoe leather” pork any day of the week!
RT if you worship satan Favorite if he is your BFF! OR KEEP SCROLLING IF YOU LUVVV JEBUS! 👿👎
You are hot with your clothes on and without! :)
Sitting at the outside bar enjoying a brewski watching the Tribe!
I got u
A KLU shout out to Nikki Grimes for discussing the "invisible reader" and the marginalization of multicultural children's lit
blazers suck
KOIN's athlete of the week? Terrence Jones, Demo's, sink top recruit, Josh Smith, Kentwood Wash., 42-39
RT if you are a member of the #CeNation Family
It's been a great #35d weekend. I see sleep in my future.
LOVE!! RT : RT : You can't teach passion, it's contagious. #nsd2012 // amen!
Thanks for the mention. Happy 2012!
Many remember Seau as kind, giving, funny man
Big thanks to
NEW MIXTAPE: DJ RAPID RIC + RAY C!!! COMING JUNE 2012- FREE DOWNLOAD!!!!
PIKE did the most butt shaking
Miss you Dodger Stadium! I'm glad to see #BeastMode holdin' it down for us this year! LA is the place.
right here
TONIGHT COME AND WATCH THE RAYS TAKE ON THE YANKEES FOR A SPOT IN THE MLB PLAYOFFS!!! GAME STARTS AT 7PM.
We run the night. ~
It's been a great day at the Eiteljorg Museum! Super excited to celebrate at the Contemporary Arts Party!
I just wolfed down a peanut butter cookie like a boss. That cookie didn't stand a chance.
Shows being booked for Texas area and then back around to Florida. Will be posting newsletter and update video soon.
U searching for the meaning...u a find it nexts to me
I never really thought about that till now. So true! White wine is so much better too
As a librarian I advocate shushing their asses. That will really show them.
alright I guess we can take that great season barca
o u poor bastard
Rest in Peace Steve Jobs. Thank you for the great inventions and technology that helped make The Red, Black & Blonde possible.
“: Vanilla Almond Milk + GrapeNuts = #Hardbody ...#pause” sound...different 
I did some more ranting this morning. That's what happens when I'm tired of Mully & Hanley and have to listen to Mike & Mike
It's #nationalkissingday! I think this is a good time for me to check out the dating chat room on Parlor.fm...
I can really be heartless sometimes... 😁 got to work on that...
Where are we on rain delay status? This works out great since I can't watch the game at the moment.
#erl12 doesn't include back files or e-books at first phase of development or one-time purchases
"Stove...are you an appliance?"
Of course it feels like i have a stress fracture in my foot 2 days before the busiest week on my feet, of the year, # #STUPID!
DJ 12 Tribe spinning Hip Hop, Top 40,Reggae and RnB Tonight at One Up Elevated Lounge
Get it girl ;)
Lutherville got a shoutout on #madmen last night?
Me too! RT : i hate seeing food that looks good on instagram when im hungry
Me" ah....ah shit. Coach! What do I do?" Coach "oh shit. Meridith! That shits broke. That shits broken."
and Room 101 have surprises in store for tonight's grand opening!!
I can't wait till Easter so I can see all the big ass hat's the ladies gone bring out.. lmao!
Perfect for #MotivationalMonday! RT “The question isn’t who is going to let me; it’s who is going to stop me.” – Ayn Rand
Bryan Challenges Kofi to a Match Tonight
It would be typical of the baseball Gods - after Gamel gets his attitude right, an injury. Hope he's OK, really proud of him this year.
oh yay! thank you :)
bandwaggoner haha. How many different schools/cities sports do u rep hah
I'm so not looking forward to school .-.
smh. Yeah I know. Tweak moment...smh
Anyone on X-box live right now with all these great new games?!?!?! tell us what you are playing!!
Justin Beibers hair comes from s beard.
#OtterbeinT&F Go Hurdlers!
it is:)! why are you up!!
I can't I font have her number. Sorry ;(
RT Friends r a joy live. Back in May. Threw berries, danced, have serious ideas abt fun, I'm His Girl's a tune.
Do your 4sq check-ins REALLY need to be synced with your twitter? really?
A L L the popular kids at school give me dirty looks.....
#ndpl the idea that libraries are 'free to all' is at peril - this is absolutely core
Nah. Bubba didn't have baby teeth
Agree, but "non-art" is very broad category: history, science, tech, specialty, etc.
I do love ATL, but since I came bck from Arizona, im thinkin Im movin to the WestCoast.
once again, my plans are shot to hell. NOT TO WORRY. I will make you your own batch, if needed. SPECIAL.
we will see!!
everyday should be Valentine's Day.
Please tell me your joking :)
maybe #DarkKnightRises for midnight...maybe. I stay up that late my next day is shot! :) well talk
Listening to and the morning show on is making miss the east coast oh so much!
what's going on tonight??
yea y
Thanks for the retweet, Donna!
Its strange how my phone hasn't died yet lol
After venting to my mom about math class, she emailed guidance and said that they need to call her... Love Nora.
what's up with this Noel guy. Enlighten us sports knowledge moderates
back where i come from, is where ill be when it's said and done!
im taking the boys 2 get their hair cut…&& then coming home 2 do mines… then studying
Don't Panic! Tips from Safe Kids USA - Story at www.southfloridaalerts.com
Hey there, (SimpleCEO), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
Come support Haiti relief at the Chatham University Benefit Concert this Saturday! Featuring a Cello Fury original piece and a collaboration
ok fine game on
here we go, here we go, Sh*t my folks don't know!!
Caffeine = legal crack
You too
who u like?
Still looking to invest in a fabulous new coat for #bm09. Suggestions welcome for vintage/thrift stores in NYC. Prefer to buy, not craft.
Oh my gosh, I did Spain 2 summers ago and Barcelona was my FAV. I'm so jealous. And I'm half Russian, so that is on my list!
I hardly tweet any more . . .
On an owl stealing mission hide your owls !!!!!
Oh yeah??
One of our guys will be in the Firefighter Challenge tomorrow. Will you be there?
Is in the salon...
$3 silos for everyone during the show and all night long. Let’s get down Milwaukee!
omg girl I have to tell you some stuff I heard today ....
Let's go pacers beat the heat !!!!!!
Sometimes a cold, dark, empty office early in the morning is the best place to do work ever.
Hoilday Inn Town Lake - Back in room now. Maybe I should just sleep in my clothes in case someone else barricades themselves in their room!
lol naw but I did make it to like 21 or 22 with Brandon once but ima beast in all aspects of black ops don't get it twisted
Can't wait tell tomorrow ,imma have fun
My wife is en route to KC for Radiohead/Other Lives show with another man I approve. Have fun kids!
and ignore the DBs that got torched by rest of NFCN last year?
i'm not sure value per user makes sense with FB's network effect (see: value per advertiser etc)
Love the 'Go #Brewers' MCTS bus I just saw!
every night is ladies night at mad mex.
Omw to applebees bout to smash
I am
hehe, so tempting though!!! =D
1 more hour of work.....
Awesome weekend! Choir concert, The Beach, (500) Days of Summer, lazy Sunday, good dinner and company and game night!
Why does sweet tea go right thru my system ?
Oldheads know everything
dThomas not mad at TBow actually laughed during interview, just was reflecting his and locker rooms feelings for TBow
Like I'm not a Broncos fan,I just really really really dislike Tom Brady so for this game I like Tebow,I'm a Giants fan(:
"It's the little things that make the big things possible. Only close attention to the fine details of any operation [systems] makes the...
Drake Responds To "Take Care" Album Leak (DETAILS) Summary: Rapper Drake 's forthcoming album Take Care leaked late last night and his
Well fine then.
just be careful on who u work with and if its worth it
I'm reading The Knife of Never Letting Go by Patrick Ness and Breakdown by Sara Paretsky.
Sure did. Huffington Post had a nice story about #Stacy as a mentor.
Sounds awesome! I'm watching the Caps game and Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Rodrick Rules, LOL I get compared to Rodrick LOL
The White Stripes on a good way to start a cold morning
Oh no! And you didn't fill the bathtub! At least it's a work day! :-/
Pitching lessons tomorrow
I remember feeling that way but I bet you look fantastic. Do you know what you are having?
We are here!!! Kings dominion
you both have an amazing week as well !!!!!!
lololololol. Thanks I did. Bout to get on Tha second wun :-/ here we go, btw good luck on the mcats!!!
We utilize the twisosphere 4 advertising our products and it works. Just cause it's free doesn't make it bad.
my homie just told me about a movie screenin' he went to last nite...Justin Bieber's movie...he said its good...take your kids....
I can appreciate some good sportsmanship.
yea i love u buddy
the fast brown fox jumped past the boring dog.
Goodbye paper flashcards indeed. Thank you for spreading the word, Desiree! Review, flip, quiz, repeat.
oh yea it is da first sat.in da month huh?? We gon b all over so caught.us if u cn...lmao
plays Tony Blair so well that I find the real Tony Blair staggeringly unconvincing.
Well... Looking!! Haha.
Lmao not that game again too much confusion. But def.ly we gone get it in
you got it!
Circulator driver just snubbed Conway stop full of Red Sox fans.
Like to thanks all my followers I will try my best to help you as possible
chemical dependencies
Where ever is...it's always LIVE! #LastDayOfSkoolParty May18th @ zodiac lounge (6135 Mt.moriah) MO info contact @ 2651396
Thanks for the tweet!! There are plenty more deals to come!
yeah that's true! Will it help that it's global or is it the roaming charges?
you're the girl all the bad guys want(;
In 1892 a NY legislation gave the NYC Parks Department $150,00 to establish Castle Garden as an Aquarium.
Amazing how I'll have no acting commitments one moment and several the next.
I'm Melanie Sill, SacBee editor until last May, News & Observer exec ed before that, recently at USCAnnenberg as executive in residence.
Wow! helped us raise $70K for college prep at our gala's live auction! That'll help a LOT of students achieve their dreams!
Ah cool!! Thanks for airing my #tweet! The power of really is #amazing! :)
Idk and really care less right now
feeling bored. whats good with everyone?
Already feels like Westbrook is gonna shoot 40 times tonight
Just bought #TheLastWaltz by #TheBand on DVD. I'll watch it many times this week. Doing my part to honor the memory of Levon Helm.
But it's almost as good for you! Nothing more tiring than a tired kid!! Go enjoy a frosty May morning!
stop talking like tht kiddo u knw ur mom is with you were ever u go
of course! Which one?
What a complicated nightmare! Most people would never have found the problem!
U tried 2 call me??
you could have tweeted me homeboy!
Okay so I cant see my mentions...and I forgot who I talked to a week ago....im sad.
Interesting. From my experience with an entirely client side app in production, it's most emphatically not a unique case
Headed to Osgood, IN for the REMC concert this Saturday. Should be a fun time!
I'm twatching !!!;) him
Everyone keeps telling me that I need to read The Help. I better hurry up before the movie come out!
bitches aint loyal
Last day to enter our pumpkin carving contest! Send your photos to us or @ us your link on twitter!
Live Your Life Like It Is Not Like Someone Else
Thick girls plus weed .
Jeremy Lin is single-handedly saving the NBA this year.
still looking cute
lol, that sucks
We're working on that too. Stay tuned.
Oh, that is too bad. I just stare at their lips and ignore giant puppets etc., it's too disturbing otherwise.
#raw10 I thought by 2010, we would be driving hoover crafts as cars. I know a Guy who still drives a 78 Dodge. What advancement?
Will do. Should have answer tomorrow to share.
The Republican fiasco is on!
It's a beautiful day OUTSIDE!!!
I look for what needs to be done. After all, that's how the universe designs itself. - R. Buckminster Fuller
Upset about that anti-war rally yesterday. We were looking forward to beating down protesters. Next time "Raging Grannies", next time!
A good day for some #hot yoga
yea, I have a basic understanding, but would definitely like to know more about montessori
what? Ah god pretend u didn't say that..
Hey! Made the Exquisite Pizza Sauce tonight, and it was crazy delicious. Thanks for sharing!
u look gorgous
Your name no longer makes my heart drop.
Ill give you eggs between your legs lol, hi rabi RT Love it when you call me legs, in the morning buy me eggs <3
whos on and wants to chat im bored lol
If you want to sneek out in the middle of the night, baby i should be on your mind
Sometimes i still sit up at night and think...why do i still love you.?
Holy Cow!! Do you like the pedal steel on the Carrie Under and Jason Aldean tunes?? The same amazing man just laid it down on our tunes!!!
RIP #Levon Helm. You were one of the very best.
#Peak Discovery to attend #ILTA 2011 in Nashville, Tennessee
Thanks for MT, , nice paper
“Are You Making Money From Your Blog?” LexBlog client webinar on April 17 or 19
gauging what's "best" is based off your biz- no media is strategic without a strategy.
when i switch lanes
Stand up and be counted, be proud, stay positive and be proud of your name.
Going good! Oct. will be here before we know it!
Oh great just another gatemouth!RT : THE ROCK in concert next!!!
I'm stuck walkIng home with no shoes because my sister is too scared to take the bus. UUUUUUUGGGGGGHHHHHHHH!!!!
They are so relevant doe.
I hate how my retail job is consuming most of my life. I need to make more money NOW but with something else.
LOVE that.
I just emailed a show called conquer your fear I hope I make it
Oh hail it's hailing
Back to short hair for me! Finally found an amazing hairdresser! 
lady - everyone has finals. we are rescheduling for next week
Does Mitch McConnell think he's been elected President?
Rockies' No. 1 starter Jeremy Guthrie (yep) on the hill today; sweet green glove.
The style of life is a unity because it has grown out of the difficulties of early life and out of the striving for a goal
We're looking for some additional sponsors to make the next IgniteATL a HUGE success! is already on board. Are you?
Did you know Polio is endemic in only 4 countries now? Your donation to panhandling for polio helps eradicate polio!
Just came back from Beggars one of my favorites
I can only imagine. I'm stuck on the couch with a swollen mouth. Id kill to be on the beach right now.
Thank you!!! xxoo
J. Mascis!! RT : Related question: who's the Jamie Moyer of indie rock?
On my lunch break I'm gonna try our new Chipotle Boneless Wings. I'll let all y'all know what I think of 'em soon. :)
Kindness cops to this being their 8th show ever. "Steep learning curve."
Thanks to and for their help in the attempt to push me over the 100 followers mark. I was able to add 2 for 99.
Lol! Did the refs twirl the nets around on top of the ladder with their final 4 hats on : )
I found local strawberries up here in Silver Spring at Spicknall's Market. We finished the pint before we got home :)
ok thats fine
Do you ever shut the fuck up?
u r welcome honey ! And thx ☺
"Boo" as in "even when I'm with my boo"?
Old School Mix on til 10p then on deck Alter Ego Sundays from with
so many feelings :( my feelings are dead ggfhfdtt boys are the dumbest
But of course!
Crazy day always expecting the unexpected
do yall play online
Old movie re-run beats live footy
Mathematics is the alphabet with which God has written the universe.
ah ima do anything possible to get one!
happy tomorrow!
RT I like Zooey Deschanel & Sam Jackson but more impressive demonstration of SIRI's capabilities would be to use Ozzy Osbourne
are you getting strawberries too?
Getting guys has never been an issue for me... My issue is realizing when I have one that's worth it!!!!
Hey buddy! Happy Birthday!!!!
Totally missed this one. Still need to hear new album.
Les has always had his wallet wide-open for Morey. Can't blame owner for not wanting a 60 loss team. Attendance is already bad
This day is half over.
There`s no relationship without any fights, but you always can make your relationship worth the fight.
People call Wednesday "Hump Day", I call this false advertisement!
Ribs are ready to be eaten! Come by the Shack at 24th and San Antonio St.
Ya u got it.....that might b the thing.....thats why he is the combination of all three of them
Part 3 of my "It's Time To Clean Up Poker' series is here. This one talks about how, if we want to be treated with respect, we .... (cont.)
. just told me I have shampoo commercial hair today; is my new favorite person.
nominations open now-12/28 for ArtWorks! Gwinnett's arts awards (categories include artist, arts partnership, & more)
Stern: Injuries not from schedule - ESPN
if i was to fuck with anyone in show biz it'd be jennifer lopez and puffy u know this! sorry puff but i dont give a fuck if this chick...
Love you SBW!! Can't wait for our date next week with xo
thanks so much.
R&B spotlight at BBKings was dope! Rasheeda wallace always gives an amazing show!
Its going to be 69 degrees tomorrow guys. Wear your sweaters.
At night my tooth hurt, fortunately, it does not hurt.
Open, ready and prepared for feedback. Negative and positive. If you think you know something, remember the mistakes of misjudgement.
80 percent can look like 100 so aim for 80.
If you're trying to think of ways to loosen those hip flexors, we have some thoughts...
thanks, Meredith! We look forward to serving you delicious, healthy pizza soon :) Have a great weekend!
Happy Easter & Happy Passover to all! We hope you enjoy this beautiful Sunday with family and friends. Enjoy!
#RelationshipsAre , a total waste of time. Fbgm
What will make a difference in the lives of people with down economy as everyone has so many problems. This makes a BIG difference....
That annoying ass feeling when your hair on your legs begin to grow back <<
12 people working and they still are 8 minutes late in getting a cream to me.
I'm not sure if I fully understand your question.
Death and life are in the power of the tongue... Proverbs 18:21
We trippy mane
ok cool!
we are excited to see the this Wednesday taking over
"If you do not hope, you will not find what is beyond your hopes." - St. Clement of Alexandra
hey there...NJ USA here...how u like Canada?' are u native?
"i am a person of experience, i share my expereinces and inspire others to do better and give them direction in life" quote by
Getting home to peace and quiet after 8 hours of being with little people :) aahhhh time to relax 😌
you can do amazing things with LED strips nowadays
Doing our best to make promotional video...any suggestions?
Happy 32nd anniversary to my parents!
can't get the Flo-Rida song Sugar outta my head....
Guys with white teeth
On my way to Just might have to go for it and order one of the junmai daiginjos.
No time to talk, just HI and BYE, but for you babe i would give up a million, billion, trillion <3
I don't get along with most people because i hate everyone and your all assholes <3
Y my son gotta rub me all in the face, before he falls asleep
In the eternal flickering of the silver screen subconscious memories of my tomorrow, I live in the present moment, today w/ joy & gratitude.
Way to stick up for your teammate yesterday
This 3-day weekend is yours to enjoy.
Get that confidence lift in Pre-Saturday Day Scene RT : Lunges , leg press, RDL's, split squats in the a.m.
And that's where you come off as ignorant. By ignoring the human suffering, you ignore the present as well.
My husband??? Oh he's only the most special thing in the world!!!<3
4th of July was great here in San Diego! Hope you had a great weekend!
you in Madison?!
The worst part about sending a lot of email is it means you are going to get a lot of email.
cook an 8 course meal and bring it to me... lazy and hungry
Ima Give ya enough credit to go around girl :) your real pretty too ;)
hiya. We're in front of Jack Wills. x
I woke up this morning to a huge picture of U eating something small and "green?" which means I fell asleep laughing about it
OH iight we were there for a minute my bad what are you talking about?
you're sTILL IN SCHOOL
I bet you were speeding out of Charm City after that loss.
Obama's Taylor Gourmet order: the Spruce Street
That saying you don't know what you got till its gone isn't really true
I now understand why I am liking my kids' current fav show, Phineas and Ferb.
everrytime im home alone... i think of insidious....
Ugh! When will it ever end?!
That's how he chose his collaborators.
What I just saw >>>
Just submitted a pitch to #GenArtFilmFest to make a movie conquering the status quo. #FingersCrossed!!
WE CAN DO IT
Am back home to cali for the next week.. glad to get out of Austin right now, it was 96 and humid when I left, thought I was gonna melt
Now walk it out!
It's impossible to quantify how large of a role that plays. But, it's fairly easy for us to take the inflation out of Oscar's..
Children in the dark cause accidents, accidents in the dark cause children
they were saying last night that St. Louis was closer to KY than ATL 👎
Awww boo. We are going to bdubs.
here = the
little girl at the park:"if a bee stings you, you die... & the bee dies too." lmao
It's at night.
you have no game
Auditioning in Hollywood today
#FF When you need #power tips, check out and
way to go! I predict you'll start to notice changes (how you feel & look) this week
I got my finger up, I don't really give a fuck.
Add baby rabbit to the list of wild animals that have stayed in my dorm
Thrilled to win a #CODiE award for Xactly Incent! Best Financial Management Solution
In honor of International Women's Day we have some fun facts: The two highest IQ’s ever recorded (on a standard test) both belong to women
Thanks for following Dirk - love the color of your hair in your bio pic!
I think gaga killed me with that arrival
Yeah, the SWP runs the show in Britain. there can be no doubt about that
Gonzaga and DeMatha both at 17 at the end of the first quarter.
I finished completely (:
see you there!
Congratulations to two cool dudes on their college graduation: & - way to go, guys!!!
Pretty good, just nommed! So YEE! You?
. quoting : "it's not often that you have 10 months to change the world."
I can't go to the gym today because if I go outside I might drown in a puddle -_-
Training Truth: The overweight athlete who can bench press 300 pounds yet not do a single pull-up is not very strong at all.
oh no! finals?? said hes gone for the next 2 weekends :( well hafta get em first weekend in june!
lol no im not u knw u still got it to
Alright, I'm done reading about Oden tonight. Very bummed, but I'll still hold out hope for him until he calls it quits.
Time for girls dinner cannot wait for tapas ☺ #starving!
doing nothing, u?
no, my mon just me the bad news and now my whole family and I are devastated....I'm devastated of stress and school...:(
Happy Hump Day! Oh and happy birthday :)
Gabby. GABBY. GABBY!!!!
Wat I won't give for all da bad memories ta disappear...
": we're not cool anymore. That tis all -_-" um yes we are!!!
The SB I am on cutting funds for MS sports to balance the budget. Goal is to preserve academics. Some residents are upset - thoughts?
weird juxtaposition isn't it?
Thanks! I'm on the new site now and bookmarked it.
Finally! Two down at once. Nap time!
Just changed my twitter name from to because I feel like I need more hometown twitter buds lol
let's drop the anchor for a minute.
trying out this thing called "green tea"... let's see how this goes
Check out our special starting today on living social @ home section! $50 gets you $200 off a new mattress set of any size!
Warning #1: the heavy metal bluegrass sounds of The Gravel Spreaders will be laying waste to Thee Parkside (SF) this Sunday at 4pm
lol i hope you can get here, so i can show real entertainment.
yeah I see that!
School makes me so tired
A JoePa column with your byline would be outstanding!
Advice: always wear your DJ headphones around your neck so you look cool when people take photos.
hey are we still making shirts?!
when pandora plays zero 7 and you just smile.
Listening the The #Drive soundtrack while Mike Degnan does rules
you are really amazing(: I've been listing to your EP all day! Can't wait for you to go on tour so I can try to meet you <3
Found a nice educational video to show area school children regarding dental health. February is National children's dental health month
thank you so much <3 i love your pic .... are you and Ariana<3<3
Are you releasing songs with no plan or direction? Do u need a REAL producer 2 help you make better sounding records?
I might be having a bad day, but im not going to broadcast it to people so they feel bad for me.
Gibson has an anger problem, Octo-mom is open to porn and John Edwards lied...duh!
Help I'm dying
If You Wanna Be My Understudy … : MEOW
Don't care for the Nuggets...hate the Lakers *changes channel*
Not yet. Just the dakotas, MN, and WI. It starts with distribution. We have to sign with a distributor in your area 1st.
"What's the use of a fine house if you haven't got a tolerable planet to put it on?" Henry David Thoreau
Congratulations #QUgrads12! We are proud of you!
hell yes! #Pittburgh is chic. end of story
Evaluate all standing committees and eliminate any that do not directly and productively contribute to ALA's charge
2011.08.20 #Brewers 11 #Mets 9 | K-Rod goes back home / Blows the lead then gets the win / crazy good fortune
My sandless sandbags are the High tech alternative to tradtional sandbags. Environmentally safe. Best protection available for flood control
is prepping for media training session with client, video shoots, and awards show scripting.
make it in milwaukee and I'm in
You're great!! Now where is that Lab assignment you are working on?? Hm>!>!>!
2 MA managed-care plans are tiering ophthalmologist reimbursement based on MD utilization. More testing, surgery than peers = less money.
Hitler bout you free booze!?!!?? Bitch...
Happy Mother's day to all of the women who mother...you're vital to the world. We appreciate you!
they are 25% off today with friends and family, you can use my code nsboston
Pokerstars pros out in full force today in 8 game mix, now playing with nachobarebero
#desperatemove RT : PRINCE OF MOTOWN: Prince Fielder reportedly agrees to 9-year, $214 million contract with
New Year's Resolution: To tolerate fools more gladly, provided this does not encourage them to take up more of my time. ~James Agate
Consol crowd sucks.
Who's stoked for our headlining show this Friday???
"You got to keep on keepin' on. Get on that pig and hold on tight."
Not really Austin... Haha :p
ickkkkk, sunburn D:
talk to me and alli bahahah(:
Thanks for hosting the #FS4Moms Spa Treatment contest! It was fantastic! Winner announced Tuesday!
Enter to win #SelenaTix to meet & go to her Chicago, IL concert 8/13. Follow & RT
During the day my phone like never rings. 2 in the morning I get like 4 calls.
Thanks so much for the follow! Following you too!
Bringing hookers back like I'm in the Secret Service.
RT : Good Luck to all my college student grindin out these finals
Awesome wedding, congratulations brad & katie!
(c) Zayn Malik may have stopped smoking, I don't know & I honestly don't care. But before you consider smoking think about the damage (c)
man it's COLD
Heading to BISG's Making Information Pay meeting today. Is there a hashtag?
I could live without the drama...smh
Participated in a panel discussion on branding - talked a lot about social media. Thanks Jeff Cunningham of FoltzMartin and Echo11
taking a stroll to megatropolis
It was great to have lunch with and Necole at today. They are doing great work with
Be safe out there this weekend East Coast!
sweet sixteen? ;p
is it terrible that i never really got into #madmen? love the 60s aesthetic, though!
but what website?:o ksbausbshw I HAVE TO KSJDBSHS
Happy Sunday!
So now that we're no longer together, my face is ugly, but you were calling beautiful while were together...whatever...
I'm getting ready to dj @ Yotel's Club Terrace tonight in honor of an old living legend ! I'm not worthy!!!!!
Have you ever had someone upset with you for what you bought them for Christmas because its not what they were expecting? SIGH
Very cool, but bummed the cbc link was broken. Srching on cbc yielded nothing. Mary played it a couple of years ago at Taylor.
yup, a fanpage though.
Happy St Totteringham's Day
you just got a new one.
Crying and saying everyone should feel sorry for us isn't really doing that.
I walked up to a homeless dude this morning, pulled out my wallet and realized I had no cash. The look on his face was priceless.
lol it doesn't matter. She heard what she wanted to hear lol
#ThingsINeed just one more chance to play volleyball before my surgery
nobody remembers the journey just the outcome...
tweet tweet
I feel like a little kid. I just went to Finnegans and bought a handful of cheap little plastic animals. They are now grazing on my desk.
ha you got tricked by the free food. Sucka!
YEP. Lol. I was feeling that.
MT : Last chance to get your copy of THE KENTUCKY DERBY signed B4 Saturday. Go to to see from 7-9.
Everyone hates on Deandre but he's a tru talent.
Do you like me for my brain or my baud?
RT : Y'all best be wishing a happy birthday!!! What is it with all the bravolebs that are Taurean?
Celtics win again! See you in NY!!
We are thrilled you could make it and hope you find the sessions interesting and productive.
That Braun bomb was a thing of beauty
Art is war.
RT “: When you attempt to say everything, you end up saying nothing.”
You're a dear, but no thank you. I work with Carole, so it shouldn't be a problem. Thanks for the offer, though! :)
Stuffed like a turkey on thanksgiving
RT If you need Maguire's Meatloaf today!
Siesta round dos? Welp see ya later.
If you haven't signed up already...sign up on BBJ's Twitter account and join our 500+ followers. Go BBJ!!!
I did leave it a while but that's because I'm intrinsically lazy, not because I had to.
Amazing! RT : delivers over 1 billion tweets every 4 days. via
hi there cutie
Man that shit was sour af
": u could start a #planepool" my mind is blown
If this keeps up, I'm going to bat 1000 on my bracket today! YES!
A2) Hickory-Smoked BBQ Sauce, Onion, Chicken
but seriously matt how old are you turning.
i couldn't be nice it feels like leading you on
Word RT If posts that video to the public, I'm done with him. So not a good look...ha! Smh. But foreal..
&#39;The Avengers&#39; Assembles Best Pure &#39;Superhero&#39; Movie Of All Time
Great night tonight watching high school football and my baby girl as she cheered them on as captain of the pom dance squad.
: Think might go insane when he hears what me and are creating in the studio!!
Someone bring a dress (particularly one you don't care about) to the show tonight and we'll see if Kyle can fit into it.
really.? What happened? Lol..
That Moment When You're On Pandora And An Old Songg Comess On, Ohh Memories :) . Let Me Lovee You , .
Ready to Forum? We are!
Art show tonight at Bedouin Vintage Collective. Art from Dion Terry, Jason Feather & Michael Amorillo. 2621 El Cajon Blvd. Starts at 6pm.
yea we can show 3 games at one time.
We support our Brother in faith & prayer & his new album release #ShakeHeaven! Purchase on iTunes TODAY!
- that is a most excellent idea but instead i'm off to ireland this afternoon!
respected anymore I'm never going to get the girl I want this is screwed up world girls like Concetta come rarely-
watching Dallas, not being Dallas, but maybe they will recover yet
Wish I could leave my house 
Stranger still. Well, to paraphrase Freud: sometimes a Gerald McRaney is just a Gerald McRaney.
where have i been and how have i just discovered ?!? reading every post!
S/o to my grandma for going ham on the birthday song lol
My body is killing me. 😔
Off work early and now for some #PapaRoux with #OoMF Let the weekend begin!
Michelle Williams #BestDressed I live for #LouisVuitton so beautiful and chic!
RT : 4 great tips and info follow here on twitter all week long!
Gearing up to support and defend MKE taverns at the MKE Common Council tomorrow.
He who would leap high must take a long run. Danish Proverb
Thanks to everyone who participated in out #FollowFriday contest! Winner will be announced soon!
There are some upgrades to the lift station at that corner and a Duke Energy project working in that area.
go to sleep. anger should fade away.
Got like 20 more hours until im 3 hours away! SO excited!
I need to update my music like now(x
Hey you all! We only need three more likes, and we can set the URL for our page with Facebook!
They are REALLY nice people, very moderately priced (for SF), and will work with you re budget, etc.
#codypuppynamesuggestion his/her name should be kisha. If its a girl.
Will be shooting the bicycle scenes for the first episode of "On Tap" today.
Thank you for taking the time to respond. I am interested in your approach.
"you think I'd get in free since my son looks like skrillex" says the dad buying tickets for him and his son.
Save the Date. Post St. Paddy's March Happy Hour set for Wed. March 21 from 6-8
WARNING: Shopping Inspires Beneficence, Bounteousness & Benevolence. Shop Until You Give All You Got
What? RT : Only time will tell
MadeInBrazil + B-Day Bash This Saturday -
thanks we were up by you. Had lunch in appelton picked up dog from a rescue in GB
Thanks for stopping by and buying the Goddess arm chain.
Men are not slaves of women we are just afraid to lose contact with the pussy lol
I wish #Disneyland sold their corn dogs at stores. I'm craving one like crazy right now!
I love you more!
Yeah its time to do something
We can pour our PBR in a plastic cup and walk to the beach?!?
Thanks for following Everybody Deserves Music, and for the good work that you do !
While you enjoy the Hunger Games, I will be enjoying the talking, eating, drinking and shopping games with my BFF, my lovely sister!!!
wow ur so cynical
I'm jealous.
man I am getting excited for the on April 14th. I'm meeting the governor next week and going tell her!
I know people hate facts, but seriously//“: Wins vs FBS teams with winning records: OSU has 7 and Bama has 3”
Last meeting of the CA970 grad seminar to be held at the Terrace? Yes, please! Another reason to love
i love you with all my heart <33..
well the one of ampersand you did for my wife has been hanging in our office for two years and I smile every time I see it, so :)
Adults take Facebook way too seriously
Had good brisket tonight for the first time since leaving Texas. Made me miss it more oddly enough :-/
my gift list includes a new left knee. the one I have isn't working too well
Oh god I hope not. Sorry about that let me see what's going on.
My Dad just turned on Shrek for JT. It's in Spanish. Neither of them realize. How do you say "that'll be all Donkey" en espanol?!
: We are following you now, very interesting posts.
Yes.I like you. If only I could tell you to your face or atleast through text. /: <3
: I'm filling out a work comp claim and I can't find the box for clogged arteries. Can you come help me?
Thanks, you got it!
happy birthday to my most gracious leader!
lol i know, now they get smart. -___-
hell yeah, brawww
I hate the new Facebook
It`s a fake :D
Paul You're going a little tweet happy today, huh?
I'm hoping to play in #LA again soon! I did a residency at last year so I'm hoping to play there again soon!
See #Jeffbullas great advice on 37 ways to use Twitter for Biz...plus other amazing insights. SOLID info...not just puff.
If you buy your tickets before the presale ends on 9/5 you get $5 off your ticket!
Open Mic Full Band or Solo Tues Texas Mist on 183 at 71 (Ben White) Full Stage with PA and Lights. 1115 Bastrop Hwy (183) Austin, TX 78702
Batum says "NOT IN OUR HOUSE"
I'm a lazy texter. Unless you're cute, or I like you.
The idle mind knows not what it wants.
MSU, Jayhawks, badgers, brewers rugby world cup all playing at pub today lia, Sara and Andrew holding fort down
Can‘t reply your text D; it always be “unsuccessful delivery” -_-
I hate that there is a tweet limit Cu's I love to follow every one back
Wiffle bill: Financial reform cloture vote strikes out for the third time, 56-42. Senate, presumably, will keep swinging.
I feel like I really screwed up this time and no matter how sorry I am, it still bothers me.
Mean girls
Never realized how many players in the NBA wore Converse!!
Happy Pub day to
BETTER!!! WORSE!!! LOUD NOISES!!! “: Things are never as good as you think they are or as bad as you think they are.”
This entire nation is one ski mask and a dufflebag away from making the economy equal again.
Hey lady. Hope the session is going well.
"lol no one loves me" BITCH WTF. DO YOU WANT TO READ MY NOTEBOOK IT'S ALL ABOUT YOU I FUCKING SWEAR.
hey i just met you and this is crazy but you're annoying as fuck
I don't know what to do with my feelings.
smaller gov the more chance of it being competent if it focuses on socially optimum policies instead of responding to all desires
I want to be a part of it
"Preparing the Documents Needed for a Job Search" is happening today @ 3:30-4:30pm in Holthusen Hall Rm 116K (in the Career Services Center)
We're dirtaay.
"If you carry yourself how you're supposed to, no man can disrespect you."
If it wasn't for my mom an lil bro, I'd really have nothing to lose.
": My heart has been played, stabbed, cheated, burned, and broken... but somehow it shill works. I'm proud of my heart. ♥"
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy is a hard movie to follow. I love it.
Your welcome, anytime! :)
In the last five years, we've read thousands of kids' books, include many award-winners. Few are a delight to read aloud.
Pick up a newspaper and look at the stories filling it. Find the recurring themes, and use them as your blueprint for getting publicity.
Sure! Not a problem! (I apologize in advance for my super messy SUV...please forgive.)
Yes what on earth ARE we going to do with all these unhidden collections?
The Philadelphia Eagles have tabbed Juan Castillo, the team's offensive line coach for the last 13 years, to be their defensive coordinator.
Thank you so much for shouting me out in the Ustream ♥
We made it back home safe!
Problem is he drops way too many passes. It will be interesting to see what he can do re-united with Cutler.
Oh, for sure. 'Course, both these kids were ignorant as they come. Both weren't even 20yo's yet.
Thanks for the follow, nice to meet you!
#ASTD2012 James and I each won a kindle fire from franklin covey. I am twitterpated!
FOR MORE INFO. ON THIS GREAT ALL NATURAL PRODUCT LINE CALL 1(313)522-2307
yea me to doc got me on a diet
Thanks for the tweet, we can always special order it for you on the weekdays if you are available :)
At the bottom? Where are your priorities?
girl your the only one from the crew not following:( please follow us! we love you(:
Aww really *smiles at * ♥ ♥
Yeah for getting up at 3:00am for a movie tomorrow
that is AWESOME. I refer to Rain as "cutie patootie" and talk to her constantly haha
no truer words have ever been spoken
Heat again? Check. Best early birthday present ever! Thanks !
Thanks for the mention!
Friendly reminder as we're wrapping up the last week of programming for the semester. Financial paperwork is due by 5 pm on Monday, May 2nd!
You could just get everybody an Ipad ;P
Watching God's work as I sit on this train. We are truly blessed. #OneGod.. bible says the goodness of God leadeth to repentence
When designing an LMS site for F2F: Consistency, communication, structure. Good usability principles in general.
yeah that is about right... lol but what can you do about it, apple charges a premium.... RT : my MacBook
Beautiful evening with friends listening to open mic night
Thanksgiving > Halloween
Just bought the new SKYRIM theme for my 360. Had not changed it since Oblivion, so it was time. Will most likely have this one until ES6.
sad to miss the last game. Go Red Hawks!
Let us know when you are here we always welcome a new coffee head. Feel free to ask for suggestions!
Sick today, but no time to be sick, so I'm working from my bed when all I want to do is sleep in it.
pit bull ft Jennifer lopez*
Okay but that was for the BOY justin bieber Haters -,-
What that bitch TELLING u that I ain't already DONE hahaha
Finished my extra credit :)
Happy Black History month!
I just like don't even understand how it can stank like that. Think it's the river but damn son
||Ukraine|| Justin Bieber is in Times's list of PEOPLE WHO MATTERED!! OMG...
Austin Mahone is a belieber boy. It's a fact. watch some video of him. There's some of Justin Bieber photos on his wall. He's not a wannabe.
omg really?! O: ughh I love him! where do you work? Blake is cuter but I have room for Jimmy (; haha
You don't know it, but some day, I wont care for you anymore.
... Not creepy enough.
Developing the Insight Survey has reminded me "None of us is as smart as all of us". Thank you for all your input
good morning lil bit ! have a good day & i love you <3
Dragon Age II... not sure I get it.
Why nasha gone say messases instead of message
We finished mixing the last tune and now we are tiny minor mix tweaks. I hope there is time to Master today because then I will be done!
I need more followers :(
Payday Advance Loans-get Money Before Your Payday
Really annoyed that I can't hear this Gossip stream. >:(
I'm suddenly turned off by now.
This house needs new spring lines
You too Pee-Wee Herman :)
Passion creates action. It moves you to accomplish things you didn't think were possible. #inspire #career via
Well, it didn't take two hours (A MIRACLE), but it was INCREDIBLY PAINFUL. Sheesh.
welcome.xo
I was hoping so
Proud of our RM comp member! RT : Tony nom Roxanne Hart's final wkend Death In Colombia www.ktctickets.com
Today in 1912 the first 2 cherry trees were planted in Washington, DC! This year marks the 100 year anniversary of the cherry blossoms in DC
If you suddenly notice spots, floaters or flashes of light after an injury, it may be due to a detached retina. Get it examined right away!
And I love my Broseph, too. Pretty sure I have the best siblings of all time.
In Spanish (: HMU
Eastern tacks on another run after Baker slides under the tag on a fielders choice throw to home plate. After 2 innings, Eagles lead 2-0.
“: Awesome ends with "Me" and Ugly starts with "U"” Crying laughing.
time to change my dp :'D
just look at his face man! #Youknowyouknowyouknow?
CHOKE A BITCH c;
What a pleasant surprise (:
But to live outside the law, you must be honest / (-- you know who)
I think needs to travel with the team more often
thank you :)
ran into BReise on hollywood blvd buying quarts of blood for ur wed night class....watch out! xo! ;)
Did you forget to make a left at Albuquerque?
Nothing has changed.. my mind is just playing games .
mitsake is mistake
I've been roped in for Dirty In Pink, the last one I participated in didn't go so well... Who doesn't love 2nd chances. #BikePubCrawl+Capes
I just inhaled 3 bags of Sun Chips from the vending machine. I feel a little disgusting but strangely satisfied.
Thanks for the #ff really appreciate it. Your tweets are so valuable to all of us!
Slowly fading away over a stack of books at Raynor Library...I could really use a juice box right about now
RT : I squat. Not because it gives me a badass thighs and ass. Nope. I squat so I can pee without a helper when I'm 90.
Jamming to Florence + The Machine while kneading pizza dough >>>>>>>>>>
different guy on this side.
Happy mothers day to all the wonderful mothers out there
YMCMB double M we rich forever
Just saw Soul Surfer - it's a must see -- talk about someone with courage who stuck by her beliefs. More guts than wimp out today!
Good luck, man.
just returned from the 24-hour apple store. lots of folks even well past midnight.
Truth MT Run to the Bernard Jacobs Theatre and see the amazingly talented cast in the Brilliant !
Sep 19 2009 Book Signing by Author and former NFL Player of the New England Patriots, Elgin Davis for more info go 2 fosterbuddies.com/event
Whoa! London? Nice work, dude.
Don't bother. My wife has taken those before. They don't work.
LOVE:giving someone the ability to destroy your heart,but trusting them enough not too!!!
The power of imagination makes us infinite. - John Muir
Come see all the trucks. no rain after 12 pm. Save yourself
Waiting for my flight to Columbus. Cant wait to see Barry Manilow tomorrow night!
that too! although i'm trying to be more prepared for interviews this time around by prepping answers to common questions.
Someones making the WRONG decision
best of luck to you! Thanks for using ShowClix - Happy New Years!
Check out the new tracks on the band page! http://www.facebook.com/lastseendead
Join us for brunch today!
Auctioneers are proof white guys could rap if they tried hard enough
We are both gonna have great days!! :-D
#ImThatPersonWho had their heart explode of love from seeing #Avengers ! has got me to the point where i tremble <3
Haha dude what I wouldn't give to go back there and toke on some skooma.
Mornin' sat through presentation on interpretation of bog bodies by Eammon Kelly last night - I miss Ireland & civilization!
Hey can you send a shoutout for your B I G G E S T fans in L.A.?! It's for Julia Ruiz and Jamie Yoo!Please?
In coast guard city u.s.a. I see my dads boat but not him. Wish you were here. Come home soon!
I was thinking Arie and Head injury guy...Charlie maybe.
What are you going to buy with that Somerset gift card, Nick?
Congratulations to Pastor Brandon T. Crowley, my son in the ministry who was inducted into the Morehouse Board of Preachers today.
chachi is in the house tonigghtttt.
We are one world. And our home, is Earth. Get it through your thick skull.
Did little Lil Jon (Lil'er Jon?) grow up bragging to teachers that one day he'd be the greatest "LET'S GO!" screamer of all time? Yeah!
When seeing or hearing can make your day...
Results of Governor's Task Force on Unfunded Mandates? Predictable. Charged not to cost #Va any money, it chased "little things."
Apparently Stevie Wonder is refereeing this football game.
Learn the art of appreciation. You might already possess what you're in search of
amen to that
In desperate need of corn dogs, a filet o fish, and an oreo milkshake from Baba's...
Total #overload! NOLA & SF this week plus three PBJ refurbishes and 4 PBJ spring cleaning clients!
I ❤ Southern Boys
Every second you spend angry or upset, is a second of happiness you can never get back.
Here's Del Rio vs. Sheamus!
seriously ben. You didn't have the balls to tell casey why you sent her home. You are afraid of her mommy & daddy! Boo!
what is the creative structure inside google. and how big was the team that worked on this redesigb #
Today I am #grateful for a wonderful husband, 3 amazing dogs and a fire to warm my bones!
Imiss tha day when I was2 and had no care for boys cause now thy hurt u and lie I've never met a guytht actualy cares sweet guy retweet this
u alive? Haven't heard from you.
Looks like I missed all the fun!
Does anyone here play MLB's Beat The Streak? If so, what is your streak up to and who is your choice for today?
#Power Plate Sessions with Louis. Your first one is Free 786.287.8487. Mentioned you heard about it on
I find three #Google hits for the phrase "sammiches of death," and though they seem unrelated, in all "death" is capitalized. Coincidence?
This little boy tried holla'n at me out the school bus...
Who would win in a fight between a grilled cheese sandwhich and a taco?
Fuck this insufferable Midnight Yell business. Go back inside and study, losers.
So, "Battleship." It's very loud, very big and very dumb. Very, very dumb. But I can't say I didn't enjoy it. It's also charmless. Enjoy!
I don't know much about fighting, but I know I will fight for you ♫♫♪♪♫
have a great week.
I hate how this man comes and starts talking shit.
u but it did to me.
Learned how to tap a keg today. My face got a blast of beer in it 😒 Now beer in the ear. Blah.
Thanks for sharing 's post from our blog!
Spent all the money I made tonight on gas to get to & from my house in Lawrence...
I see that!! lol I missed you Flash!!
I thought we ARE friends, Nikki. Thanks for the follow, btw.
What's your favorite spot on campus?
Can you send new email address by DM? Want to invite you to speak at upcoming SPJ program. Thx!
Gracias, mis amigos en España, que son los creadores de la justicia. The purpose of art is washing the dust of daily life off our souls.
i think the new twitters too wide though.....
Social Proof is a psychological concept describing our tendency toward conformity. Using this to your advantage is a big help in life
haha I bet they're all great photos! :D And Kellan is cute. (;
Wow, MCA? Really?
When you stretch and that baby #dinosaur growl you make comes out by accident.
We did! but it was a short run for me to today so it wasn't so bad. Mostly I felt really tough.
you improve more and more with every video :)
you don't never come see me
I'll stir fry you in my wok
Ur not the bad guy I'll take tat role #nosmartness intended
me and a colleague
gotta sleep on it.
NFC Championship game decided by the new OT rules...
Dear , we love you more than you could ever imagine. you mean the world to us<3 Love, your #Mahomies<3
omg! I'm so happy for her! :^DD <3
creative motivation: I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells~Theodore Geisel
thanks for following , we appreciate it! hope to see you at one of our upcoming events soon!
Transformation literally means going beyond your form. - Wayne Dyer
Nomore luv. Nomore pain. Nomore drama. I am tired of trying. From now on. It is all about me & God. Becus 2day has been a true wake up call
Halloween plans? #zombiewalk in #check #howl #check #scarystories #check what are you doing?
Thinking about what TED-ED could mean for PD, parent ed, and students...myriad opportunities!
Yogas and a sweatshirt
How does it sound if we spend the night out?
Are guys ever capable of being just friends or do they play that role until they actually admit they like you?
Pretty sure I just saw Flashpoint in a commercial for WGN News... You just can't escape that school
Such a fabulous event!! We will see everyone there!
the whole Bernard tapie thing is an 8 month long April Fools joke IMO
ugh, love him. If I could I'd marry his voice. ❤🎶
Oh, nice! That is seriously awesome! You like the Stellas?
hello from SoCal and thanks for following.
Smooth seas do not make skillful sailors. -African Proverb
Co-opted by the religious right. Goldwater predicted this. He was right.
should I be afraid to ask?
omg if J Lo represents all cougars in America; P2 will win in a breeze
That's how it's done!!!
this chick has it right!
lol my tag name is now lol but it's okay I still saw it :)
Luv ya! But, I sometimes feel pulled in too many directions when a contest has many of my favorites competing. :/ :(
couldn't agree more!
lol u stupid
These ladies are serious about supporting Mamas! RT : WOW! Thanks so much!!!!!!
Of coarse the day I try to get a haircut the place is closed!xP
I had a nightmare .. Then I heard noises from the kitchen . I seriously want to cry .
beautiful photos. Humble Administrator - what a foreign concept...
“: no...” Well you know maybe you should just try to sleep , tomorrow you'll get to be with your baby boy <333
Newest Tweet Peeps! Thank you , , , , ,
#DragRace latin pit crew boy is a hottie...
Tell your friends & family to "like" us and help us grow our page!
Shout out to the HOTTIE cocktail waitresses at CLUB NIKKI at the TROPICANA HOTEL. Always beautiful with your new PERMANENT EYELINER!
will drop by ya & see if I can find u. Just wanted to say hi!!
AND BI's comparison is important based on premise that GDP/hours worked is a valid measure of a country's productivity.
lol this convo is getting way too deep lol...
A guy shouldn't wait for Valentines day to treat his girl like a queen.
whoop whoop.
Stop by today at 4pm and see Steve James, director of The Interrupters, speak ! RSVP here: on.fb.me/zdHJHj
Nothing is more painful than realizing he meant everything to you, but you meant nothing to him
Enjoy! RT : you'll have a great time! If you can stop and check out the menu too! Take pics :)
This guy on the Spurs' Facebook post saying there's "Resentment between Pop and the players". The hell are you talking about? We are not ORL
You should come back to Tom Browne for 8th!
Remember to bring the kids in for 99-cent meals tonight happening at all Colorado Applebee's!
“: that's the type of intensity they need in the playoffs.”<~~yea it is we will bounce back
good morning
I'm craving YL and wondering if our trip last week set a precedent for my stomach. Consoling with Fage.
I've often thought about applying the bracket-style competition to various other aspects of life. Racist cities is good.
i like waking up to your tweets!(:
Woolard: This committee would just kick this problem down the road.
It was like Symphony on the Prairie - have you been to their 4th of July ones? They're usually crowded but great!
record a cover of it!
i grew up with soldiers. i learned how to die a long time ago
It's really a supermoon.
needs to stop texting so we can practice!
Which would you rather get, a present on a day it's expected or a present on any other day for no specific reason?
You gotta get up to get down.
Limiting access to advance study in the humanities is not the way to improve the job market in the humanities, says Berman.
Ahh the feeling of 35 degrees makes Tuesday morning awesome, excited tor the Big Easy on Thursday
Grass roots = something created by Fox News advertising
Ikr? Praise him🙏
I don't want a girlfriend, but I really like sandwiches.
ATTENTION #TeamMuldoon please help reach 11K followers! He ONLY needs 253, so let's get to work tweeps!!!!
yeah. I can't thank him enough. It's amazing. I'd love some training tips. And hang this week for sure.
First bite of month-old Pringles: not so bad. Second bite: Stale. Salt and vinegar only temporarily masks the taste.
Friends, tonight 6:15 Let the practice love u up!
Going home and napping
Have you seen War Horse? I felt Spielgberg honored the stage version amazingly!
this is so awkward
killed it last night in new Orleans. Best show ever and all I could think was "kidd would love this"
Some people have a way with words others erm.....thingy.......
you will. Believe in yourself and work hard and you will make it! I study business economy
no its a goverment test and its 25% of our grade
Looks like they have a serious ethics issue in their system design. Classic punishing the user.
have I heard OMTB? I've listened to a few tracks
vegas so stop by ill b here till eight then its off to stoney country bar on las vegas blvd see u there
I almost just fainted! I'm so happy! I cannot believe they won!!
thanks for the dirty talk library i now have new text msg tones youre awesome
Indeed I am! Hoping to get the screens burned in time to start pulling some ink next weekend.
I tried a ColErase light blue a while back. Didn't like it. Need to give other colors a try. Thanks for the suggestion!
;) you kno it
RT : : "Fighting for digital rights is as important as fighting for other civil rights."
Hey its kylie
Staying Home Today > Not Seeing My Bestfriends < Being With My Mommy > 😊☺
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 60
We miss you Vin! Get well soon.
not sure if that's just his focus-- will ask about other projects
um so were just chillin at Tier last night... #nbd !!!
This is just crap that you can hear one in every 5 words
of course! Followed(:
Im watching!
Study: Antibiotic Reduces Human Fertility - Fars News Agency
Happy Friday the 13th
Not much how was your night? Hope you slept well
i"m need you to retype that
It really makes me mad how difficult it is to control monitors on a Mac. I want to play games on my 2nd monitor only. How hard should it be?
“: Workouts begin tomorrow morning . Staff and players ready to begin our journey !” congratulating coach Jones!
That's great news!! We need details!
What flickering lights mean: 1% electrical problem. 99% demons.
4XEM is excited to be launching a new NVR product line: GVD genius vision digital www.gvdigital.com. Call to get more info on how to buy!
A girl worth fighting for ☺
"People relate to specifics, not generalities. Give specific quirks, and we see ourselves in them."-Todd Mitchell
5 more minutes ^.^
needs to find a new location for Winter Retreat 2010. RIP Yankee Springs
This weeks flavors at Pittsburgh Popcorn Co are: Oakland: Chocolate Pretzel, Spicy Bacon Cheddar, Salt 'n Vinegar!
Anticipate something great my cd
V. Gray: other cities should envy us because we $1.1B in the bank. SO WHY ARE WE CUTTING SCHOOL FUNDING?!?!?
Wow ... that's all the #Broncos get??? RT : Breaking news: Ny Jets have just traded a 4th round pick for Tim Tebow
Justice League > Avengers. There better be a movie in the works!
Tired, my brain hurts, my mind can't take anymore. Good Night to all!
“What offer would you most like to see from us this holiday season?”
I'm all for free speech but there should be a law to protect kids from seeing this stuff. Absolutely ridiculous.
Congrats on the new gig.
it's amazing haha get it
(a few days late) Seriously... Rodenbach for breakfast cures my hangover tummy. Bier for breakfast is GOOD.
Dallas we really appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!! :)
#PuffPuffPassTuesday and #MardiGras! What else can u ask fir??
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose.
time is love, gotta run.
Typo indeed. As for the rest, uh...thanks?
I'm wondering the same thing.
Just realized that supports only two languages - English and Mandarin Chinese. Cool, I can practice 中文 while managing my money.
#SomeonwIwantToMeet because he is AMAZING!!!! Hilarious, and original :) and because I love him!
I guess to look more viable.I went to Tulane,but I didn't know all the obnoxious yankees I moved to get away from were all there.
was it you that shoved me in a locker?
I Hate Having ADD , I Can Never Do My Homework . I Get Too Distracted . . /:
of course
You know how much someone loves you when you manage to get them entirely disappointed.
Hell yeah. Thanks! RT : Drive it like you stole it sister - love it! Congrats!!
Honestly, Rise by the McClain sisters is a really great and inspirational song. I love it.
I have something in common with people such as and but not sure if they know me.
Trying To Figure Out what kind of animal someone looks like ..
My 6yo just explained a playground game where kids go from Baby to Vegetable or Ketchup to Master based on achievements. Recess Gamified!
You're going to have a great time!! : signed up for orientation can't believe I'm finally ready for college
WE GOT OVER 1 MILLION BEATS FOR SALE OLD SKOOL NEW SKOOL R&b HIPHOP STUF FOR TV SHOWS COMMERCIALS
My good mate Adrian and I had golden times back in our music class last year lol
So I love dis app;-)
A few weeks of Bullying in Schools can seem like years to a student going through it...be a Champion #friends, NOT a By-Stander
You and the boys are adored.
These twitter names are getting kinda weird. Sorry I won't follow you if your name is "cuntmuncher" or some shit like that. It's kinda gross
Resting up for Cocktail Dj Dealer is spinning some amazing House Music starting at 8PM tonight in BoysTown!
In case you're wondering, the #ForeignAffairs budget in 's plan hasn't been released yet. We'll update you tomorrow.
Girls Next Door marathon, makes me want to go back to Vegas ASAP!
I can't believe they're back. Like my freaking body can't handle this.
Relieving Hatcher of his duties must have been tough for Scioscia - they were teammates on the '88 Dodgers . Maybe he joins Gibson in AZ?
please follow me <3 I love you.
Sometimes I'm scared to fall in love.
okay,combining sports and a mission minded direction seems like it has some possibilities God is everywhere, FAN UP!
I've got lots of good Liszt stuff. Sometimes my 19th c. survey ends up being "History According to Liszt."
No. We pick the site we visit in advance.
It's take your kids to work day are your kids at work?
I know it will be a great talk. RT : About to speak at San Jose #SMX Maximizing Paid Search Ad Extensions in Grand Salon 3.
I'm in the same room as Eli manning. Pats fans should I assassinate him?
HAPPY #NSD! :D
Great comment !!
its all good mama, not required. See you there, for real ;) LOL
a nap sounds pretty good right about now
lol @ "anti-clutch" RT“: Lebron is the Anti-clutch.”
Just checking up on you, how are things going? Is it tough watching all of the late NBA playoff games?
Oh Sister, I just saw a Nun get patted down by the TSA! (who can come up with the best related pun?)
where is it located
just pet the furry wallpaper if that happens...couldn't resist lol.
FACT. RT ": #HowToKeepARelationship: Don't suck."
Well, I guess I wanna work where my 289 followers work. Only 1 #reteeet on my punching someone at work tweet.
lolololol "Megan I wanna hear some more get up and go-go on this take"
Oklahoma Football: Can the Sooners Overcome One of Nation&#39;s Toughest Schedules?
i miss my brother & sisters
My hair always looks good on days we don't have school
Flying "care"?
Hahaha I'll make him pay for it ;)
Today's BTU inspiration: "This, right here, right now, is heaven. Breathe it." ~Jeff Foster
i dont blame you it was boring but ok i will
I MISS ALL OF YOU!
she needs to do a proactiv commercial
Give me the confidence I need
1. What Inspired You To Dance? 2 . What Do You Want To Be When You Grow Up? 3 . Celebrity Crush? 4. Favorite Type Of Music? 21
back at you
A Bberg friend told me they're given five minutes to pack up. If a BBerg-er is in on a Sunday, chances are they're quitting.
Just played with PicLits
Avengers was great!
According to my period app, shark week is ten days early. Such lovely news to receive in the middle of ikea.
Well said RT : When your emotions trump your logic don't be impulsive. Emotions are fleeting. Logic will rarely fail you.
the last 15 minutes of work go by so slow. all i can think about is
lol...ok, ok...fine, khakis and a button down shirt, lol
Tell us about "The Things We Cherished."
I need me a friend that's an accounting major ASAP!
Study abroad! RT : It's official: I am staying in Austin for the summer. Unless I go to the UK for a month...
Routing/Rooting #Tricky or should we blame this on auto-correct?
My first Tweet: I am US Appraisal Group, Attorney Appraisal Services' new business development manager - www.usappraisalgroup.com
only we can look good without a man by our side:) we legitt:) #bruhh we are a boss
If I had to pick, I think Heather would b my favorite. She's the moat real and will call ppl out... like Alexis.
Break time, so excited for tomorrow. MOHAWK.
Flexin, Flexin everyday I'm flexin If Flexin was crime they gon' have to come arrest me
Thanks for posting this Brent! I can see a lot of time spent with this. And they have a Diamond Head tune, Sweet!
Avoid touching eyes with dirty hands,towels,handkerchiefs and or other materials.
You have to decide who your going to trust and listen too.
dude I would love to help but being on the water in the dark freaks me out!
": #GOT #CHOICES" Like For Real Yo
Jenny promised to introduce me to stamos! Faint. Clunk. Fail!
I woke up this morning, wanting to be in N.Y.C... Lol... Wonder what I was dreaming of?..
The bigs fan ever
slow dancing in a burning room by john mayer live :)
Thanks for the shout out! YOU are wonderful!!
hey baby muah
RT:: beer goggles really suck
The funny thing is I would not be shocked if Valentine sanctioned that hit...that is however not a compliment. He is a total joke.
call me!
Ok, so the Epicentre show on 6/18 is back on! Only YMAEWK will not be joining us. =( But Weatherbox is confirmed!
thank you!! :D
MBTV is starting right now ppl show that love and tune in www.microphonebully.com we on from 6-9 pm
True. For me, the LX5 is enough haha.
Hey! ! Congratulations to you and The Team for Mission Drift's nomination! Well deserved!
Another great day at #ccsforum2012 Calif. state Supt. really gets what we need to do to cut chronic absence.
Great fuel prices! ...........Thanks alot Obama bin Laden !
that's good :) I think the next bobble head 5/15 or 5-13 :) u?
Trains on Poplar>>>
Drake concert is in a month exactly :) my bday present to myself is gonna be so much fun
Pretty sure I will be the old man yelling at kids to "stay off my lawn!" after mowing, edging and fertilizing it this weekend.
Anyone that knows me knows how much of a DWade fan I am. Since 2004. Sophomore season.
who wouldn't? I know I have been cravin me some video diaries:)
what are you working on??
I forgot today was Sunday
Take part in a brand new Channel 4 project | Calon FM
How do they determine that Aaron Curry would only have a 45 in zone coverage according to the #maddendraft ratings i see now...
Hey, that's MY banana
what bitch.....bitch!?
I sleep on the weekends.
Thanks to all for the Rts/mentions! Feliz Tuesday to all!
Deaf, dumb and blind. "trying to be a playa with so many woman"
Aw that sucks :/ Hope you feel better soon!
Every time there is this certain homeless guy on the A train I end up singing his song for the rest of the day/night.
Who wants to get some Shawarma?
Please take note and pay attention to the fact that we are not doing much at all. Artwork and release date for Self-Titled album coming...
I am so bored...wish I was almost done with work...been here 10 hours at least I'm half way done
are you going to a certain show at the independent Tuesday night
Hey guys, seriously go check out Kung Fu Panda 2. The animations are various and brilliant. You'd be amazed at how well they all blend.
House hasn't sold yet, but there is interest brewing. Would love to chat, but not this weekend. My brother and his family coming :)
all the things!! btw. we're down to about 10 of those skull prints. still want one/three? will trade for libations.
Will be tweeting about KY museums to support my alma mater in the NCAA championships. Learning about museums in my home state will be fun.
Someone will always judge you.
Thanks Just went downstairs and heard 8pm and got a flashlight. This is taking a little longer than expected :/
Newsick short documentary coming soon!
when did it get to be 11?!
how u gonna say you want someone to produce n write your entire EP but u say ur broke n u cant barter nuffin...
twitter champ
Hi Everyone! Go check out the article that #FortWorthStarTelegram is putting out about one of my properties on Oct 23rd.
DC artists have been neglected: vast majority of funds go to national programs. Today, the City Council showed it values local community.
I think tomorrow I'm going to write a bade fanfiction about Becks latest update in the slap
We can hack the one-man-one-woman crap by matching gay guys to lesbians solely for passing on fed death benefits. Sham weddings! Cake! $$!
Thanks for helping make the night a success!
Check out the the following website for careers as a mechanic or a technician/www.ringpower.com
glad you feel the same!With that said please give me credit for the tweets you've copied & pasted from my page, thanks in advance.
'' no disrespect but mami that's correct cause , whats in them jeans just got my mind hectic ''
#RIP60 class tonight at Accolade Fitness SOUTH from 5:30-6:30pm. Your first class is FREE! 1785 S 8th St
Can we stop talking to this dude and go back to Kristen?
“: Two days until my 2nd anniversary. I'm trying to think of a few more good gifts for Jason.” A swift kick in the ass?
oh and bob told us you were allergic to nj - hope that isn't the case :)
Poll: Is getting overcharged $12 enough to call and request a refund?
Vidal Sassoon was a Chelsea fan? How the hell do you explain Terry (flobee), Luiz (sideshow bob), Drogba (drip), Bosingwa (unibrow), etc?
Nov. 9, #Spurs vs. #Lakers. That's the day #SDSU product Kawhi Leonard comes just about as close to home as possible.
All bitches like is when they get treated like shit and get pushed over, then us nice guys suffer because were not what you "like"
I do not tell lies
Hahah your so stupidd. I can't even understand half of your drawings. It looks like a 4 year old draws them.
Haha! Another headache for Samuel Beckett... RT Is it "Waiting for Godot" or "Waiting for Good Dough" ?
no I just dnt lk my thing glowing every 2 seconds on my mentions ;)
never had curry chicken omelet
Kick him out of the game, he clearly can't throw a strike.
I just want to take a moment to thank you god
Going out and making all these wrong decisions,
im going to las vagas YEAH BUDDY
He can't make his anti-gay bigotry any more clear. [-]
My #Jetta is on life-support :( ... please don't die on me Betsy! I need you to get and I back to #Canada this weekend!
I love this kid on the playground who is not running around but standing up by the swings reading HP1.
Pray tell...where? RT: Canteen lunch at work where Krug GC and 1998 are served? Don't mind if I do..
Almost time to head to the airport - should be in Vegas at about 5pm.
lmfao only with him! Aww you guys are cute 
Love the analogy of #FYE course (UBE101) as a "swiss army knife" for new students. Thanks for coordinating this great program!
If your boss cusses you in front of customers. You quit.
Got a lot of nigga hatin but the harder they hate the harder I go fuck any nigga that don't like it we WINNING over Here lol
what band? Wanna share a bill?
i can't wait to see you at the concert tomorrow! Its going to be amazing!
Rum , it's all about the rum this season!
thanks for providing a great mix for Valentine's dinner tonight in London! xo
How sweet. Love these. RT : penfield high... Mr Shay. He was the real deal in my opinion.
we don't get breaks unless we work more than five hours........
Liver Detox with food: Asparagus increses the activity of liver enzymes
So I am not alone here with my #Instagram not working?? It doesn't refresh smh
Just saw Zebra at Acura Stage play some killer Led Zep to end their set. Next up the Beach Boys.
Thanks!! Just landed. Will keep you posted! Xoxo
Get out tonight and take advantage of this amazing weather! We've got live music at 7 Come see us!!
Imma get a tattoo of Chara dropping Henrik after the whistle.
how do I unlock
some at Big Dog coffee too! “: Issue 10 is errywerr - jester's court and beehive”
could you put me in a good mood and follow me ?
Foo Fighters have been together for sixteen years and Pat Smear is back in the band. Now I've totally lost track of time.
Great shoot guys! Very excited for the next one!
son of a...biscuit. A chicken biscuit. Yum. Always crave it on a Sunday. ;(
thanks for the follow
hahahahaha oh no!! No wonder I had so much traffic the other day! Jk :)
Congratulations! What is this degree exactly?
It seems like a good conservation of effort to me. And it lets you put your work out there in a (somewhat) shorter time frame.
hey man let's hang soon!
see you today at the meeting on LEP patient practices! Looking forward to being a part of it.
Only two things are infinite, universe & human stupidity, & I'm not sure about the former Einstein Must have been talking about Rush
#iabccleip copyright notice is free and let's ppl know your work is proprietary. Do it.
Im In Paris Boo! Where U At...Meet/Greet ? ? ? ?
once i'm back from recovery we'll go out & look for what equipment best fits us
Hilarious new video - the Most Annoying High Holiday Fruit - Promo for our fall class
keep tweeting :p
4:20, and productivity is at an all-time low. :-/
New Years Eve!! Preparing to party today!
I think your science teacher forgot to tell you that the Earth doesn't revolve around you, it revolves around the sun.
Gahh!! Okay, we will wait because we love you!
hahah sorry about my crabs !!
I can't stand pushy people! The more you push, the more I don't show an interest! That's w/ anything... #Business, #Life,
lol. Me too
I use my phone to record my vocal lessons and he just kept calling. Like some random 40 yr old man
I wish would live tweet during the Spurs FA Cup semi...provide me some English insight...
I Cant Wait Till Summer I Aiint Gone Neva Stay Or Be Etd Home
Rg3 and childish gambino soundtrack? Thanks
My back spasms are coming back #bodyofanoldman 👴
you stand by your dickpic
They should make a snickers bar shaped like snooki and name it snookers! I would totally buy it :D
I can only dream of New York as for meeting adam richman with tickets prices at $195 and up for most events only in my dreams
lol right!?! It was kind of a snoozer for me! Like everyone trying soo hard to be official and serious that its not fun.
anytime "Roman"
They just wanted to delay brady getting the ball back by 10 seconds.
Finished moving. Now mommy an daughter day! AWWW
I wouldn't mind being one of those writer, got a ton of songs that needs to be out there!
still going to the mall?
Fuhhhk I still have math homework.
Poca Middle boys = Big win over Winfield! #take that!
So what you are saying is that we won't be seeing you for years to come. ;)-
We got a show! If you're in or near Troy, NY then come to Broadway Brew tonight! We're gonna extra crazy because we're so happy right now!
My best friend went home so now I'm sad :(
When you live in a high-rise what do you do when your new neighbor's dog crawls onto your balcony?? o_O
If she's mad, kiss her
2nd part of project provides interesting and rare focus on workers behind the org.
You should use it to come to America (:
#MensReproductiveRights you have the right to chose a partner who is willing to procreate with you. Key word *willing*
#YouKnowShesTheOne if she can shave her head and still look like a woman.
great show, really helped me better know #teaparty mindset, makeup, drive and bias. Perspective and compassion, uh clueless!
The new St Vincent album is really great. Even when it's not working 100% it's super unique and interesting, great work
Mavs by 2! I've never rooted for them so much in my life!
You may join us. Possibly. As long as it happens :)
What's your favorite iPad app?
guys seem to do that
Thank you for following
RT Theatres & hotels have a backstage. Found spaces need that created or found.
"Eli the Giant Killer": he beats the undefeated and the favorite, with the flick of the wrist......or with a pick 6 with a dumb look.
At , excited because it's 's happy hour next door. Books and wine. A perfect pairing!
RT Women age 15-44 are at greater risk of rape or domestic violence than cancer, traffic accidents or malaria
I had Michigan St. in the title game losing to #UNC. My
OMG you're in CHICAGO! Dream come true! ;D
we do that too. This is just another tool in the parenting tool box.
Albany, New York to Ft. Myers, Florida via bus
I guess I will have to relax and do nothing...YES!!!
Ready for #SXSWi Day 1 (via )
chase! where'd ya go? :(
Good point. I'm thinking Timeline killed Facebook. :(
“The whole idea of motivation is a trap. Forget motivation. Just do it." ~John C Maxwell
Tried 2nd time & tried to reduce rice vinegar/water/sugar mix a bit to no avail. Sure the measurements are correct? (2 of 2)
Our deepest condolences to Kenneth Weishuhn's family. No child should have to end their life because they see no relief.
u guys are def ending up in North Reading.
Music is just taking the sounds life is already creating and replaying them in a way that we can understand.
Love the cool swag from #demo2012 !
Follow Back(;
HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY!(:
Such a fun event every year! RT : Saturday: Karl Strauss Brewing Company Beach to Brewery Beer + Music Fest! fb.me/B6ljPA30
Thanks for the RT, George! How's everything?
My life just got very interesting. I just hope it continues
Very interesting. Thank you for sharing!
They definitely do it, and most find it very helpful. Grads are more interested right off, but ugrads dig it w setup.
don't forget that we have the best player in this serious! CP3 leading us! They got no real leader.
#Bulls 5/1 Playoff Tickets #giveaway via RT & follow them by 4p to
so, I see you on a train ages ago and that's all I get? You forget I know all you dirty secrets. ;)
Best Buy unable to fulfill some holiday orders. Have you had an issue? Pls email .
Great. Pretty soon there'll be 900 Ferris Bueller disciples running in the hallways ;-)
#ThingsIGetALot; "You're short!" #STFU, everyone knows lol. Thank you for stating the obvious. ;p
Elaine Schwartz-- ABQ Poets against War is now reading an amazing statement calling for attention to people and our environment
so, use a teaspoon? Hey, not all my parenting tips can be winners! :)
Also, why should the people of Kentucky get to vote on the citizenship rights of my daughter? Makes no sense.
- with pleasure and yes I will keep you posted.
spring break
Lots of great ideas being pitched at #swdsm. It will be hard to choose a winner.
(((Rosemarie))) <~~~ A hug for you! Have a great weekend! Great to see you online!
Summer break needs to get here faster.
practice don't make perfect. Perfect practice makes perfect enjoy all the dried out food folks
why am i so cold?
love the nickname 2 jobs. I want the term no jobs, just wealth
I'd wear a helmet.
Are you taking Fish Oil? Too many benefits to neglect it! Hieber’s has a variety of Metagenics fish oil products in stock right now....
Thanks for all of those who attended our Fathers day event!! It was a success!!
Better believe we here to praise god.
I say Ugly Man and the Knick fans on my TL know who Im talking about. Hilarious
Relationships should never rewind
Wonderful job Ted. Proud of you!
did they even spell greatest wrong?
Not only does it sound fun, it IS fun. Plus you meet your goals. Not too bad if you ask us (but we're admittedly biased)
I think you made a great decision!
Landed in San Jose alive..headed to Pebble Beach :) rain rain go away..
is the best person ever!!!
True Story: Got a free cab ride from Haight to Ocean Beach at 2:30am today.
we've unintentionally neglected our twitter account. forgive us.
I hope cheerleadinng Try-Outs go well !
better go back to bein a macaroni n quit bein a bass fiddle lol
#RVA #AmzgRz #VCNVA Donate to Virginia Conservation Network. Double your dollars!
I get paid on my birthday!!! I gotta fly somewhere.
Food Truck Friday is on!!!!!!! #ComeGetYourSpuds !!!! We are here til 9pm with a ton of other trucks..
Oh good, there's nothing like being in the wrong city for you. As much as I like Chicago, I couldn't wait to leave! ;)
Hey there...sorry I"m delayed in responding. We're in Santa Fe for a few days and cell service in sketchy in the mountains.
I am now in Dublin, ready to play the Norwegian Championship of Poker that starts tomorrow.
Last night in Austin! It's been an adventure. Next time I'm bringing running shoes, a canteen and a fanny pack.
Our Spring Dinner Dance begins in less than one hour! Stay tuned for live tweets covering the dinner and auction.
Why not?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 4CHAN CELEBRATE WITH TROLL FACE EVERWARE
✔ Above the influence.
So damn bored ;x
Not watching that hate mongering cretin. Shame on you,
you too yukiko-San :)
Final film geek thought vomit: Jody Hill is a game-changing auteur, Harmony Korine is a hack and I want to see more from Robert E Gunnerson.
Totally. Reminds me of my recent #TwitterChatter with —pop, performance, and the bleed between the two.
": And I'm bustin back so niggas in a glass house should not throw stones"
Marmalade Cat remix from Ten Neurotics completed, looking fwd to release in a few weeks.
Thanks so much Mike!!!! Shout-outs always appreciated!
Hey - good day for a picnic or maybe a family dinner on the back patio - 31st of August is National Eat Outside Day ... enjoy!
Kid Ink
IF I COULD HAVE ANY SUPER -POWER I WOULD CHOOSE THE POWER TO REWIND TIME SO I CAN LIVE FOREVER
Now if you ask me to share my ben and jerrys ice cream, be prepared for me to scream in your face! :)
what time?Can we send in question to ask our leaders?
EAD and the Global Information Environment. Join our discussion on the possibilities of EAD. Think outside the box! Thurs. 1:30-3.
ya i hate school :/ and im pissed thats the only stop in texas
Been home for 24 hours and I already broke something expensive.
o really? Lol Well then yay us! 😊
Everyone loves a discount: Vega Communications is offering 10% off first month of a social media campaign starting Feb. 1.
Dwell not upon thy weariness, thy strength shall be according to the measure of thy desire. - Proverb
RT ": S/O to my team everybody go and follow...ES party June 16th be ready!!!"
Al sharpton just preached
Need Sponsors for celebrity black tie event bring inspiration hope financial support families affected cancer help
If you'd like to be added to our "automotive" or "green" lists, let us know. It's hard to catch everyone. Thanks.
are u out of practice yet?
Have you entered our giveaway? Just tweet that you want to take you out to the ballgame with the !
Spokane Chiefs can put away the Vancouver Giants tonight and get on to Round 2.....
have stockport brought many???
Makin moves to better my life...time to relax
Ma ma ma money is the motive! RT : ha I guess :) all I need is the $
*I just dropped the mic, walked off stage* RT : lol still not the best in the league. You got Kobe and Durant playing still you know
Don't Be Sorry Ho Be Careful
yes we both had different reasons for leaving but I had to follow my heart (:
o ok sumthing going stupid wit my phone I'll show u wen u get home kisses
Wow. That's pretty fascinating.
my niece showed me her Oldify app. is there a Handsomize or Beautify app to make our photos look better?
Have a nice serene day
Having a bad day?
: It didn't happen to me, silly! Happened to a DC hockey player on TV. You know I'm not sporty. ;)
I THINK there might be a problem in Syria. I could be wrong though. BTW, glad to see China and Russia aren't running the show.
I'm blessed and Highly favored :)
I've never thought about the investment
I believe in the sand beneath my toes, the beach gives me an earthy feeling.
Decided to wait until now to begin travel to #stallis. Waiting for traffic to die down, FTW!
Cook County State's Attorney Anita Alvarez now speaking to the press. Said there was tremendous evidence. Happy with the verdict.
Casually retrieving 's lost items from last night all over campus
If that is all Teague did that is one of the biggest bullshit techs I've ever seen. And I don't cuss on twitter.
Also, your heart between my teeth sounds splendid! Jolly good Bio! :)
Ok Phil didnt like the last pick another "F "Hardin has bust written all over him lets try again
Have your bought your Mega Millions lottery ticket yet? Or are you in line? Tweet us your photos!
I'll be you, let's trade shoes.
Thank you pretty!!
that looks so awesome. What's it like to shoot that?
I've been reading "Here Comes Daredevil" by Pretty damn good. Check it out.
And that's a wrap folks. Time for a nap.
President #Obama to #China: The #US is disappointed with your veto on
HAPPY EASTER TO YOU!! HAVE A GREAT HOLIDAY.. ;)
I'm going to have to check out Rev. Barry Randolph church. He is on point.
4 finals down 2 to go, over half way done
It all started with a clear purpose to a tangible dream. Right on !!
Omg math is retartd!!!! I Hav my math midterm tomorow o this should be fun, right? =/
Can't believe it's summertime!!!
Punk wins!!! Now he going to the Gorilla Position and tell Rock and Cena to top that
Blind Fury just killed it on Freestyle Friday
Is it an artisan donut?
And don't get me started on the kerning! ; )
Two weeks to finalize the jersey sponsor. Let's get to work.
All I want to do is download this damn Surfer Blood album on Amie Street but I continue to get errors. Balls.
Dancing Sarno always makes for good video.
Happy Hump Day everyone! Be thankful for what you have and never take anyone/anything for granted! LIFE IS GOOD!!
I love your service but it took me 10 mins to figure out how to download it on my 2nd computer, and I still can't figure out..
valley view and twain. Behind the rio
I don't realty understand how you forgot to tweet me when you made a note about it.. :/
hello there :)
Hahaha if your lifes a movie then your my favorite movie ;]
"i dont like your attitude this morning."
OMG that was soo passionate and I like cried a little. I want to come though the computer and hug you! Oh B he really hurt :(
Everyone is good at something. Manage your weaknesses and build your strengths.
this snow is much more than I expected! Crazy!
I'M GOING IN. SEE YOU IN TWO HOURS.
and you too!
Its not too early to start thinking about the perfect Valentine's Day gift!
fucking follow me
Pre-register online or call 282-4630 for Digital Pictures with Flickr at the Main Library on February 21st at 11:30am.
I did find my route. It's the times that are messed up. When does the #10 leave from Brookfield Sq? And when does it come back?
We're proud to be Californian! RT : California, New York, and Florida lead the United States in wine consumption
Who am I to judge the Caps. I haven't showered and just ordered a sub from a place I can see from my window.
Let's go Sox. Take down them damn Yanks.
I haven't heard of that one. If I'm going to read a mystery, I definitely want the chills and thrills.
Thanks for all of your support of the non-profit community!
also, did you see that whoever loses the series gets to claim last place in the division lol
lololol you are so LA bro!
hope you feel better
I've come to realize that the only "music" MTV plays these days is those Education Connection commercials.
No tweets from anyone in the last 45 minutes?
Rachel is a selfish cunt.
Be Prepped! January 22-28 is National Meat Week.
I mean Lound and ruled
HP in the news: when in doubt, reorganize. Amazing how many execs avoid solving problems by shuffling the deck chairs.
I know I'm late to the game on this one, but skymap is the bomb
Mosquito bites in March. Oh brave, new world that has such insects in it!
RECALL WALKER
you're really pretty.(:
What do Alpine, San Bernardino, Imperial, San Joaquin, Glenn & Kings counties havein common w San Diego County culturally? alturl.com/n4b6d
So many Famers that I can't keep track!! ;-)
When your coach says "no speedos" and you show up wearing a TYR brief instead and then get kicked out
Would love to have a job in entertainment just wave the magic wand and get paid that's 4 lazy people work hard and get paid studio5one2.com
😳 see how you use that against me
No kidding? V and Grant would get along great. He ran all over the park today, leading an invisible army. Lots of "invisible"..
FINA charge my phone before this trio thing
You can forgive but you won't forget.
me neither haha. wish the Bolts good luck ;) oh me too! I knew they were gonna beat LA! I knew it! xD
In basketball, the Pac 12 is our little sister.
Not everyday you come across someone that has the power to change your life, but when you do, that feeling's incredible!
Communication, trust, loyalty, respect + more are key to a successful relationship.
what are the boxes? I have an Android so I don't see it.
work. laundry. work. sleep.
which one?
heading to the #RoseBowl and cheering the #Badgers to victory!
had a blast Friday by the way!!
what about the class of 2012? When will our commencement speaker be announced?
glad to be following.
: it be like that sometimes eh? How long until packers pick?
when guys actually give a fuck about u <3
Right now my life is in the very awkward place known as flip flop/ Ugg limbo.
Jerk move by Knicks or by Chauncey??
"Warning: this could go viral."
"You look nice today..." Uh, was I ugly yesterday? -_-
I love how you act just like your bestfriend does now that you aren't going out with her.
Hey , I've kidnapped your jacket and holding it hostage for one meellion gold teeth
Might say fuck it and start drinking beer everyday again
On the road
it's my bday I think I can get away w things just for one day :)
Great little video. I love your dogs. You do good work.
No, it's not begging the question. Libertarian socialists weren't responsible for the revolution.
What's up with the internet in Dupont and Capitol Hill the past day or so. Seems to be running slow wherever I go.
2012 dates for Pasta for Puppies & Kitties posted! Support the animal group of your choice by dining with us on a Sunday!...
it is beautiful here!! Love our neighborhood and school. Miss NM friends!! :)
Political advertising is disturbing this early in the morning, end of days disturbing
heard some tracks im an a&r in the A we need tracks!!
Have you ever seen the new issue of www.fromspainmagazine.com ? Take a look at the articles about , and resol!
i would prefer a different color shirt
I figured out that cake was invented before cupcakes. Because if cupcakes were first then they'd be cake and cake would be platecake.
then you can check me in places!!! :D
not yet. Gonna get 1 of the leader tees though
thank you!!
Flying back to Denver today for 2 months of research.... weather permitting
waitin for my boo to get here <3
We're glad you came! RT : Went to Otis's student reception. I cant believe my dream is coming true!
awww bo ha im sorry that must blow
Jersey shore time
Any Sports Journalists or Fans want to chat tonight?
I'm predicting a run on #5HourEnergy #RedBull & #RockStar tonight. #HungerGames at midnight crowd
ditto, lots of untapped projects right here in our heads
Booked my flights!
Well, I've gone 2 miles in 30 minutes. Must be some golf tournament going on today or something. :)
smile, its FRIDAY <3
HAVING A DANCE PARTY. AS ONE DOES
Ah, well, I'm sure I'll be back on track by May. Every week the PhD and Philippines are further behind me :D
Need auto #repair? We can ease the burden on your insurance through the internet.
Always something fuckin up with the Carlow computers
Im always there for people when they need me but its never the other way around.
Tracey Gets A Goal....actually tracey could probably score on Bryz
You could run for Congress on that platform. RT : Plastic flowers are never OK..."planting" them outside should earn you damnation.
I can't stop thinking about repainting my bike, or buying another bike to start fresh and paint. This is a problem.
‎The tactician knows what to do when there is something to do; the strategian knows what to do when there is nothing to do.- Gerald Abrahams
Food time than more gym !
MT : 1st woman 2 win IA straw poll. Regardless of her #politics, she's breaking barriers for women.
thanks for the plug!
friend just exposed me to local #Buffalo band - real great sound. actually playing Nietzsche's this Friday …
The end of another great week at SSC! Have a safe and enjoyable weekend!
I dnt appreciate you abducting my friend
Who else is watching ??
“Today I shall behave, as if this is the day I will be remembered.” ― Dr. Seuss
Never diet. Just make lifestyle changes that you can keep dedicated to.
thank you
Who's pools open??! wants to go swimming!
Thanks for coming this weekend!
Love to you too my friend!
follow me plse my bday is almost ova!
Yea i have my concerns!
Uncle Jay is cool...
How bout that #ff ;)
u still get worked up about that stuff?? By now we all know how the media treats the heat... Hater going to hate
Shrimp pasta, without question.
It's all good. Hope 2 see you soon! : Sorry I won't get a chance to see you at #KipCamp -- hope all is well!
hungry...big time hungry!
This "Task Lead" thing... Its kinda fun. Too bad its only for two weeks...
Off to coco pazzo to vote for Ms. Rockman.
RT : I really support Tough job. But has to lay down the law. Time to make the game MORE fair. RT if you agree.
You guys are awesome for helping this kid. I'm happy to help.
Just tell people you're related next time. I'm sure they'd buy it.
wow, it makes one wonder, of all the account numbers, how/why that one
Thanks. Cuz I saw that thing where y'all were both recruiting that Mormon QB and they went at him and his mom with buxom twins.
U want to keep Students and players recruit the right kids and teach and coach better than everyone else
I know that place
- you can send me an email with your name and I would be happy to check for you.
I'm going to start crying out of frustration.
your stupid hella spelled my name wrong .
Thanks for the kind words
sometimes I think u got more emotions than a female.
3,000 tweet goes to my girlfriend. Happy one month ma pwincess!!! <3
crazy ass Marilyn lol but hey you definitely surprised a lot of people. You're still in school. That's great!
Happy Mother's Day. you're pretty cool mom. love you <3
Lust is easy. Love is hard. Like is most important.
Thank you so much! :)
that's incredible!
RT Dear Alcohol, will you be my valentine?
is just the numbers plus efficiency
On our way back from Chicago! BPA NLC is over.. But that ok.. Next year will be here in the blink of an eye!
Are you trying to "re-live" your childhood? Are you there setting up for Calling All Sports Saturday?
Does anyone have a cheap but reputable place that does VO demos? The place I used to recommend closed!
I seriously loved his jacket. I didn't see the problem.
i can't decide if Iam just old or if you were a child protege
You better play some Eric Carmen tonight!
you never know, but oh well looks like we need to plan out trip :)
Yoga pants #because I'm too lazy for real pants.
Written in 1869 by Sarah Lancaster, "Last Words of Copernicus" imagines a hymn by Philip Doddridge as the speech of the 16th c. astronomer.
damn, wish I was there. For though, I may just drive over right the F now!
D Kroger's is off the hook, lol
I want to love somebody. Other than wrigley and
I'm sure of it.
it's the only blank line left on my recommitment paper! I'm terrified to commit to a singlet size.
Weekend is almost here. We're your DATE NIGHT headquarters!
I WISH!
Overheard at: BarnesAndNoble Cafe: Could I just have a seltzer water please? ...cont...
Gotta keep it movin'
when will we see the tf700/701? I want that transformer infinity!
I know. I once had a dream that I went to her house and played songs. I was bummed when I woke up.
Such a cool concept, I'm obsessed! RT Up over 1,000 likes now. Thanks to our awesome early supporters...sincerely!!!!
I want to see it :D
If you ordered a T-shirt and haven't got it yet, it may be because we need your size. Let us know. Thanks to all who donated!
Jordan's FB like now; 1.1 million. After GMYH and the new album, 2.0 would be cool!!
who r u?
H.A.T.E.R.S = Having Anger Toward Everyone Reaching Success.
That's it. We'll have to settle this NOW. I'll get the car.
"That's crayyyyy" "She thinks I'm craycray" Okay who decided to eliminate the 'zy' from 'crazy'? To the people who say that....No. Just no.
Was down in Orlando last week at the Tapings. Impact Wrestling is looking good for the future. Hope your well
WOW new goes hard
I feel like I am back in the military. Knocking this #WorkOut gettin more done b4 9am then most be # all day
sir! You're here? Say hi:)
maybe it's an inside joke. Just didn't want to write an article and get the "correct" terms wrong.
Dear 8 pound 6ounce newborn infant Jesus dont know a word yet just a lil infant so cuddly but still omnipotent, help our
Pitching a tent and camping for the very first time...in 's backyard...fun times
Doing an onsite repair tonight! Hope to pray for the client. :-)
great job! Sounds like a rockin' workout.
Not again.
Thanks for following my twitter Deby. I hope your psychism and spiritual pursuits are flourishing!
hates me and then loves me .. what todo
Kid tried getting to databases by googling, "Gale"
Jus got done "Shooting in the Gym"....bout to hit ~Old School By The Pool~ at the LVH & enjoy the rest of this great frickin day
Happy birthday from Pedro and Poncho and me. Pew! Pew!
Tanger that was awesome, you got robbed
These ribs I'm eating
Day number 9 of work in a row, leggo
TONIGHT only from 9-10PM Rodney Mart is selling UDCreamery pints buy one get one 1/2 off!
Join now! Buybobnow.com
Someone trade me hands. Really. Please?
I Can't Wait To Find Out!!(:
Ive got to find a way to get back to for some more good food. I might have to create some sales calls in that area this week!!!
": don't expect things to happen. it's better to feel surprised than feel disappointed." RT real Talk!!
I might just do that :)
So if she didn't want to talk about it all she had to do was tell he! Not jump up and run away
Thanks for the mighty #FF!!
Hi there! Yes we play at Red Rock Saloon in Milwaukee and are back there on May 25th! Do you own The Rodeo?
“: ten bucks” bet I'll trail y'all there or some shit
Catch you later!
I'm low on motivation and high on fat. How can I reverse that?
#PCA favorite Bones
Thank you for the follow as well. Looking forward to your tweets.
RIP Donna Summer
": Be more concerned with your character than your reputation. - John Wooden"
Happy Holidays!!
Loves reading right now soo relaxing..
": I guessing when Twitter was invented no one envisioned live Deion Sanders domestic dispute updates"
=[ I have no mixer. I feel like my right arm is more muscle-y, lol
You can have more, be more and do more because you can change the person you;are - Maria Green
dont be a clown like me
Wondering how the Battles went last night...who took it? #ColoradoHipHop Big up to the dude Iron from DC and the homie Knowon D.W.E #Get_Um!
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways hold his girlfriend when she's sad, and always be there for her 😏
funny guy.
Happy Mothers Day ; Mahomies <3 You !(:
How many of you voted today?
": Anybody ever had this conversation before, "OK if we get caught, here's the story...""
**but no LMTF for us.
Wanna learn how to dance like ? Follow !
Good Morning..Make it a great day everyone!!
JRHS Girls & Boys Varsity teams both beat Cosby last nite 2 maintain 1st place status. 2 vry exciting games & I made it 2 C both!
A5: 1 goal of #SB46 was to reach folks at their preferred communication channel. Don't need to come to us. We will find you.
Bailey from RNG?
Hey Falcon!
your a cornball no wonder I don't listen to u.
and I have to be up by then! :S aaaaahhhhh! I'd try to sleep now but that won't work
I do! Maybe I should go next door and ask to borrow their phone. :)
in school. HE GON LEARN TODAY!! PINEAPPLES!!
Devin Smith with the TD catch. No worries about him turning into Bam Childress. Because, you know, he already has done stuff in real games.
me. Lol bc I have to use lotion every time after a shower and Id rather smell like my perfume instead of lotion AND perfumelol
somebody get from Houston and bring her to Crescent.
Wow it's snowing pretty nicely outside! :)
Thanks for the #FF!
When the roles are reversed sox fans can talk all the shit they want. When it's O's fans, says we need to grow up. Lol.
One hour left in our #GLEEfulweek in May pledge drive. Won't you please call in your support and help us end with a bang! 888-621-6900
"Fill in the bubble for ur gender. If u don't know, go to the bathroom to check."
You should try promoting the network. Other then being on Twitter. . No one knows its on. Do a street survey and you will see.
You're a peach, Abrams.
I watched the movie Bellflower last night. It came poorly recommended... I liked it. Unique and artsy.
ok NOW its okay to be mad at AJ
Everyone should STUDY> Sociology and Socieoeconomics...it's a must to understand life!
Get ready Spokane...were coming to melt some faces...check out all of our tour dates and come to a show near you!!!
The new website will be up no later than 2 weeks..I'm doing a little re-organization..:) Last week was rough..slept a lot today..
I want to be pretty and skinny. Really come on is that too much to ask for?
&&juliet simms saved once again on #thevoice !
been there for a few months. Doesn't help when your body hates you too! Hips have been super cranky.
Yep, just got pinched. Awake now..
would like to meet other ev builders, bikes, trikes or anything self created.
Not unless you're on the south side. But you did give me the idea though.
When are you going to be in town? I'll buy you a beer. Of course I'll let you know when the show is!
Beats by Dre ear buds in, music up, in bed, time to forget about the entire day
I miss my long hair, methinks I'm gonna grow it back.
Treat your woman like you hope she's the last & like you wish she would have been your first! #thats what men do
": "Don't stress over what could've been, chances are if it should've been, it would've been."
time to go get ready for Laguna Beach
That is true. Super annoying.
I want to meet him
I honeslty LAUGH at niggas who THINK they have game.
Philly to see the #Terps v. Temple at The Palestra.
not to that song though !
Some opportunities you wait for and some opportunities you create.
Im off to dollywood
MOMS Sale March 12 - What is the least expensive thing you found at a MOMS Sale.
Join tonight for Nathan Dye, , tonight at 6pm. Happy hour to follow!
Check your DM bro
Looks I picked the right time to come. It's filling up.
Don't settle for some greasy lunch today..have one of our fresh made to order Salads, served in French Boule Bread! Eat Good - Feel Good! h
What it do
hmm, yes. code is a shape-shifter in the law! many inconsistencies and implications.
Running a mile and a half at 8 in the morning. :-/
Taking train to work and the lights dramatically went out. I always think of the video for "Existentialism on Prom Night" when that happens.
Hey, hey, turn the record over. Say I'll see ya on the flipside.
Preservation Society of Fells Point and Federal Hill does design review for the Fells local district.
they r too cute
I did appreciate them emailing me so I could opt out, at least. Heh.
RT if you haven't tried REVERSE GRIP BENCH PRESS but after reading this are going to GET ON THAT!! 30%more upper pec fibers worked!
Very sweet RT "tQuery – an extension system for people to write plugins on top of three.js via "
No great man ever complains of want of opportunity.
lol who was it
You get an F on that test.
bronze ship at 1. Missing players yesterday due to regional track and fball camp.. We hooping today..
Check out Zac Young on MySpace for dates, music and info, http:/MySpace.com/zacyoung.music
"Music is my life" - but don't let the business of show frustrate you!
TGIF - Celebrate Responsibly
This ones for the girls about 13 high school can be rough can be so mean. hold on to your innocence
Special after work event on Thursday, 1/26/12 at The Reef featuring Kindred the Family Soul and benefiting The Lupus Foundation...tix $25
heat suck, GO SIXERS
I Totally Love Adorn By Miguel
S/O to u sexi
We love you too!
that's definitely something I would follow. have a great weekend! :)
LOUD listening to Travis porter
The birds,the bees,the flowers and the trees..... God made them for us to enjoy.....appreciate them all....
thanks dude, I appreciate that!
Thanks Jason! Great seeing you today!
kinda wanna jump through Twitter and punch u in ur limping sprained toe
So ill call it a night and make the best of what's to come for the next few days. Good-night, sweet-dreams. ☺
I know u missed me Tony. Jk I was just around here.. You know where to find me? Lol
Who just ordered a Raspberry Pi? This guy! Should be here in...a month :/
no ... Will be covering high school baseball I'm guessing.
Me too, but multi-tasking...RT : I hate when I join the #HITsm chat late. Oh well, I'm here now.
Good luck to Ben Vinson (UK) and (FR) in the final 24 at #EPTGrandFinal Monte Carlo today | The Trip Leader!
Always proud to support such an amazing charity
We need social media skunk works to make large, post secondary institutions incubators of inquiry, scholarship & research
Im sleepy but I cant go to sleep
I can't focus! this is all 's fault!
If you didn't believe that my man made all the ladies wobble wait until you see the ladies in his new video "Twerk It"!
crazy women drugs and arguements equal Tito's problem
Hello wts good,Do you have a contact for production?
Wow. 5-2. And another thoroughly Theo goal. Loving this. Just loving it. Karma, you diving cheater Bale
I want everything to be the same as it has always been
Real Rap the mixtape coming soon
I don't think that is quite right. The slide rule nor thesaurus are tools for bullying, sexting, etc.
Our Foreclosure Assistance Program helped 350 families keep their homes.Come get assistance in 1 of our program areas!
I'm saying 4 with an empty better how was starwars bar the other night w ?
its honest , theres not much to add
The whole episode left much to be desired...
Tampa Tampa That Tampa FL life
-howdy! welcome!
I'm already black as it is hahahaha
thx for the follow...loved your blog! Keep in touch and all the best! :)
Randomly keep getting a magazine called #FamilyCircle in the mail? Does anyone know why?
I could write a book on #fitness and #weightloss if you or anyone you know needs any tips feel free to RT or msg. I love sharing knowledge.
World Comedy Club Tonight! 8:30pm, 10:30pm , , Get Comedy Tickets here
Denying a people of their history, culture, and language = Arizona ban o social studies. Revisionist history will be presented.
Lol, I was just telling dude that the world would be a better place if the kids these days were watching the cartoons we did.
I love you! Wish you weren't tiny so I could borrow!
lmao she stay going off on me, she gon be like you was being too friendly, when I'm mean it's a prob, even I'm nice same shit
Wait you guys it's only 630 pm?? Not am?? We still have the whole night ahead of us!
#IfJustinWasMyBoyfriend nothing in the world could be more perfect.
Smart woman knows how to be silly.
well that's good but I meant like if you needed to talk kinda thing...
The only value ESPN has now is to find out what athletes are tweeting.
Deals On Posters All Weekend! Check us out at Musical Stop.com !!! The one Stop Shop for ALL Indie Artists!! Offer Ends Sunday 11:59pm ea!
s/o that man goes in!
Arguing with #comcast = Showtime + more channels for less than we were paying before jacking up our rates.
Hey guys, Happy Monday :) I hope you all had an awesome Easter! I kno we did! Just don't ever forget the real reason why we celebrate it.
Kinect Star Wars(?)
these last few weeks are gonna be amazing (:
Wine & cough drops. Current state or a really good name for a band....
DRINKING ENOUGH WATER IN THE WINTER? It raises metabolism, increases energy, reduces appetite. Best drank cold/add lemons/splash of juice
I think a deep copper red would look fantastic on you. It would blend with your skin & bring out your eye tone.
Whats up from Arlington! Thanks for sponsoring great music!
you're cute when you're angry. Basketball tomorrow?
Judy Hale is providing info on professional credentials, certifications, & more. Wed eve in Denver. www.ispi-frc.org
so many homes so cheap, no rush cause it's not going up anytime soon :)
I tell you what you wana hear. What's really goin on is what you don't wana hear.
Thanks for recommending us to
miss you too babe<33 hopefully i get to see you tomorrow :D
I haven't decided yet, Ms. Barbara. *contemplating the benefits of Friday's*
all the guy is doing is fitting in new curtains & he's already made a huge mess in my EX-TIDY living room urgh
Q2. Benefits/drawbacks of working in #travel?
o not much work
I've never met he doesn't no I exist, he doesn't follow me:( NEVER RT'ed/tweeted me, yeah it hurts but I'm still a MAHOMIE!<3
No way Nunez makes that play.
I'm pretty sure your boss is wrong about one of those things!
Vision Airlines 30 person plane. Rude flight attendant... Great way to kick off the day. Get what you pay for I guess.
X__x SMiRK Clothing Co.
On My Mind, All Day, Angle Angle (new), and Not Just You :)
Jar Jar was only 1d so 3ds brings him up to a bad 2d. Rt Star Wars 3D 1 more D of Jar Jar proved it could get worse
I either want a yellow fiesta or a new focus. They're so cute and good on gas. :)
My problem with Smurfs has always been that it sounds too much like smurbs. Which is a made-up word that only exists in my head. But still.
"You must be the change you wish to see in the world."
RIP Dick Buckley.
Today is the day can't wait to see what you bring to the Holiday Pop Up Shop! adores !
yeah I know. :/
Hope you had a wonderful dinner yesterday!
Alone in my zone
These GOP candidates are ridiculous. I cant WAIT 2 watch #Obama wipe the floor w/ any of them, no matter the winner.
Happy Birthday <3 love you:*
is wondering if you are your sexual self within the confines of your relationship.
are they fat?!
$14 million! INSIDE Brooklyn's most expensive home - New York Daily News
Stocked up on mad food. Only means one thing, first home stand of the season.
Dear America: Tiger Woods was not the first celebrity to have an affair, neither was Bill Clinton the first leader. GROW UP ALREADY
Red Mortgage Capital Leads Nation as Top FHA Multifamily Lender Per HUD Fiscal ... - Virtual-Strategy Magazine
Previously on Lost...
GIVING RANDOM SHOUTOUTS TO RANDOM PEOPLE!
not at all... Great chatting! So nice we're both chair elects of districts
Ferry St in the Ironbound, of course. The Newark Museum, Peddie Memorial, Sacred Heart & Branch Brook, Rutgers Jazz Institute
Late night phone call<3 (;
you know your a pats fan right?!
Im convinced Howard Hesseman was never off the acid
FOREVER LOVING AUSTIN MAHONE, JUSTIN BIEBER, ONE DIRECTION BABY <3 all three are huge inspirations to me.
Uh oh! What kind of animal is it? RT : The animal I was pet sitting died :-/
If you wish to be regarded as a human being, never utter an apology (or half- apology-like statement) like Mitt Romney's.
Actually, scratch that. The 7.3% increase by was international. In US, the number was 8.9%.Not bad at all.
bring back David please!
As an #Android user, I'm still getting used to #Instagram, but that upload process is fast and seamless. Gotta love that.
Thanks, Steve! My peeps got your guest expert call this week. It's so chock full of great info.
You're very welcome :D
If you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain. ~ Dolly Parton
I go to sleep with a picture of a porsche on my wall
You cut your hair!
didn't mean to get your hopes up. Human error, happens a lot!!
Thanks for the RT. Such a powerful read :)
In 1969, 42% of children walked to school. Today over 80% are driven to school.
He's hated in Wisconsin, specifically among supporters, but Tom Crean has his Indiana Hoosiers ballin' !
It's back!!! Stand-up/open mic every Sat from 6-8 presented by !
Just a lot of cheesy zombie, alien, sasquatch type displays. It was a tiny little museum/gift shop.
i posted the lyric video to 11:11 and people liked it. people know who austin is (:
check out my new website www.flawlessmoneygang.com free ringtones and we have beats for sell 55
I didn't ask too come and goodie bag is
To be fair, I do cover Doe Bay. There's lotsa interest from readers there. But have u tried to buy tix? It's near impossible
Q4) I need some more things turned on first by IT... hope they don't shut anything down
Shit will be talked about me, rumors will be spread, I just gotta ignore it
Thanks for the votes! Please continue to support us by spreading the word about Everybody Deserves Music!
Goodmorn back at it again
In fact, I think affecting your own SEO is an entirely separate article…quora is awesome for that
You're know you're a professor when Christmas music reminds you, not of loved ones or sleigh rides, but term papers and final exams.
thinking about Vegas in September
Love it! thank you for suggesting
RT : As it is said, "Today, if you hear his voice, do not harden your hearts as in the rebellion." (Hebrews 3:15 ESV)
This week's has a feature on the Hennis case from Fayetteville. Really wanted to see quoted! What an NC mystery.
When does Tim Kennedy fight again? I love that man!! A fellow warrior.
okay I followed her
wow, I am SUPER DUPER IMPRESSED with the new CFA LOGO. I find myself INSPIRED TO BE A BETTER MAN.
Happy Tuesday Janet!
Want to cut your debt? Pay off your smaller bills first and then focus on the larger ones.
I dig. Shit keep working. I was 170 a year ago. I'm 210 now. How tall are u?
I love my weird life.
Omg i know! I went crazy pinning this morning! RT : Can't. stop. pinning! #obsessedw/pinterest
Do you sound like Jack Black, or does Jack Black sound like you?
Replenish your body with fruit juice and water.
Gospel Music
Time goes by so slowly.
My brother's dog once humped my cat...the result is further proof that Catdog is fiction. Dont believe the lies coming out of Nickelodeon
Open Houses In Boston Today all 12pm to 1pm @ 274 Beacon St, 9 Worcester St and 113 Comm Ave- stop by
Happy Easter. Know that Who You Are Does Make A Difference.
you most love me
can you say what state you are in without getting in trouble?
Well well well
how many extra teeth do you think has? Best smile in the game!
ima get u the walker with the tennis balls lol withco old ass jtfo
It's neat, listening to all the fledglings crabbing at their parents for food. My feeders are busy!
Lott: Warhol portraits of Jagger as displaced self-portraiture; comment on difficulty of being a drag queen
happy birthday, dee dee!
hump day is where its at!
What's up cuzzo?
Tweet me your instagram & ill follow you but you gotta follow back.!
Happy Mother's Day to all my FB family & friends!! Enjoy your day!!!
Do your running shoes have too many miles on them? Bring your old athletic shoes to the Go Go Green race, we'll recycle them for you!
did a man rank that? Other rankings say a college educated minority woman in Md most likely to die in childbirth.
Attention #foodies - dinner at The Indigo Duck in Franklin was fantastic! Highly recommended.
Do you believe in love at 1st site or should I walk by again…?
I see u offer nothing but insults in your tweets, no facts or solutions. No wonder u think people dont deserve better
How is my phone charging but its decreasing in battery life!!!
#resume #tips Where is the best place to put your Education? Near the top if you are a recent grad. On bottom if edu years ago.
my bday cuming up and I'm trying to see where its gone be at
since we just tore down that beef stew world famous chicken parmesean or make them from scratch pizza or just do the polar bear BBQ thing -
STEAMED MUSSELS Maple walnut Parmesan chip 2008 Riesling, Charles Smith ½Kung Foo Girl ½, Washington 89pt
Still collecting #money for the project "Miss Texas" to be the best it can be.Contact me!
is a great FAMILY
I wish I was a dog. My life would be so great.
are u at hooters now?
man I'm tryna get to the lake :) #volunteers !?
twitvid.com/CGZPN - Cheap & Yummy! Dine out and save with on NBC San Diego @ 11 Tonight VIDEO
ONE WEEK LEFT! Enter for your chance to win a ride w/ TODAY! www.Facebook.com/C2GoRideWLance
wud u like a template from scratch or a borrowed css better for the midterm?
I just love them long phone calls with my baby
“: what are you guys doing? #lol” none of your business mr traveler
Wildavsky "Mobility is empowering" free trade in minds
Any attendees interested in talking history/cultural heritage/humanities programming?
feeling the baby do back flips :D
Danny's Reading Series 2nite :30. Listen 2 cool literary work and therefore be cool yerself. Brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr.
Top Gear has nothing on
Weird that a hypothetical Y2K stirred more panic here than the actual collapse of Europe's economy is doing now.
Susan Tucker of : Medicaid accounts for 25% of state budget. 33% of services are "carved out" of MCOs.
ah yeah that would certainly help lol
I'm down for Wednesday.
- Hey buddy, thanks for the follow. How is Oman?
I love that you used the term scammed. thanks bro.
Missing school made my day awesome xD lol.
what kind? better be for me ;)
MD House Ways and Means Committee APPROVES bill that would authorize statewide referendum on adding table games and a PG casino
I hope a Spaniard scores the game winning OT goal against the Caps next round...
Hi Ayesha, thanks so much for your kind words!
After much confusion on what to eat for SB...I AM GOING TO POPEYES! NO style!
Congrats to TW Noll's Kelly Preston (Waunakee HS) on her commitment to the University of Denver!
Twitter= I need to pee. Facebook= I peed! 4square= I'm peeing here. Quora= Why am I peeing? Youtube= Watch this pee! LinkedIn= I pee well
Exactly. The interaction % is either positive fan interaction or damage control of people bitching at them b/c they suck.
Great meeting at the 43rd District Democrats!
So cute!
#HACKED by
Phronesis - Walking Dark (BBC) Share With Friends: | | Music - Blues Stories , RSS Feeds and Widgets via Feedzilla.
Come, O Hope, focus our blurred and distracted sight that we might see clearly the One who is coming. ~Pamela C. Hawkins
I love ! It has done so many wonderful things for my life and I'm proud to be an !
Loved seeing a shocked Madonna. Shocked because they didn't allow her to talk longer.
welp Im in the Studio now, let's see what comes out of it lol
so true! I hope I run into you. So many people here at sxsw.
Now its Tebo Time in New York
We will be announcing the winner of our Anniversary Give Away later today!! stay tuned...
You want to see the future but you only see the sky :: R Siken
You blame other people for the things you do and accuse people of what they are not. What's your problem??
We miss you guys.
Just seen seen #KirkHammett, #PartyRockin in #WALMART everyday he's shuffling - I just #LMFAO!
see - they love you!
Haha. Thanks You Too
oh. Omg I like to listen to their accents.
A week ago today, saw put on a great concert at House of Blues w/friends. Awesome light show - VIP section pizza was delish too
Two new Transform artist just finished meeting with distribution.
Q: #feed9b - All are great, inspiring challenges. But how? Given (for example) WI's recent $250 M cut to base budget? And federally?
pondering... "a good idea is like a wheelbarrow; it will go nowhere unless you push it." ~ J. Jacobson
Awesome! Where do you want to go?
Congratulations! We look forward to having you on campus in the fall!
So, the furry thing was on his knees making a wailing noise. he looked at my puzzled face and said: "What? I am a dog."
You're welcome, fellow #Brewers fans. Obviously, I put money on the #Mets tonight.
#sloancres What strategies are non-programmers using to create sims/games? Hiring programmers to work with the educators? Something else?
I'm with ya on BB. We look like shit. Even in our 2 recent wins, we didn't look so good. Our defense is atrocious!
Conversations occur when people are kind. I doubt Walker supporters are going out of their way to be nice.
Class of 2012: Come back to all our alumni events & come back to Homecoming where we'll be kicking off the student center expansion.
I wanna beat your face in until it's gone
Running on soft sand/high tide is pretty but brutal. Burning calves from this morning's run.
#RudeBoy will always be one of my favorite songs <3
I just passed I don't care, and now I'm about to make a right into I DON'T GIVE A FUCK!
thank you Rashid. Big hugs.
hahaha yup I know. I can't even remember what I put in, I think it was one of our weird monkey stories hahahaha
We don't need your recording, money, or pretentious attitude. If you like the music, go to a sing. Otherwise, leave it alone.
I meant Yayy! Spell Check always messes up my tweets!
online dating is not working for me. Jewish girls not responding or not interested or overwhelmed with choices. What do i do?
even private people's can be seen when you tag them trust me ESPN blew me up. Haha
a imagine if we won a meet & greet & got to meet him omg... i'd wee <3
I'm done with patients today! I want to go home already
I'm on my way to work sadly. Am picking up a coffee though.
Ill b ready at 2, sounds good, 3 hours later still waiting. Hate Hate Hate Hate Hate
HARD WORK PAYS OFF SO I'M KEEP GRINDING LIKE ALWAYS
Breakfast with Morgan and little Lola :)
You guys were right. The Avenger's was really good!
Please tell us what you thought.
Gotta like what former Badger Jon Leuer is doing to earn minutes for the Milwaukee Bucks.
Thank you much and I look forward to meeting you Stephen. I'm 48 yrs old and a huge fan of yours and Bioware. I only have Sunday
hey. Sounds like fun, how's LA?
Samuel Jackson on Pulp Fiction >>>>
Hoes be crying wolf
890 followers! 10 more and ill have 900!! :D
sorry... youngin! lol i dont know why i always feel like you are so much younger than me?
Woke up & slowly took my time to get downstairs.. & when I finally got there, there was doughnuts. 
Some of these girls now days have been ran through more than a finish line at a race track.
Not sure where today went.
Bruins hangover freudian there on the "draft pucks." Rather than a boner, I feel like I stopped getting punched in the face
Ohh good, when are you done? Hope you have good plans for the summer :)
Oh my god. We should be best friends. You are gorgeous.
Nike gear too RT : Oregon's run to the BCS champ. game caused revenue to go from $59 million to $122.4 million in a year
Did you hear about project #DearJustin lol?
Patron: Aren't you bored? Me [surrounded by reading material & looking at a heckish March program schedule of 9 different events]: Wha-at?
They wanted a fight?
Yea, can't help it, I was born this way ;) lol
omg so true i do the same lol
Well spoken. I will forever assert that spinning #vinyl is an artform. Let the people say Aymenz.
Building my new blog over at icraigery.com! Hope to see you all there as soon as I get it up and running!
Superman cartoons before the show? I am in my element.
RT : Late night
Im not pretending to be anybody else.
you must be in California
Gotta get down on friday.
• booing a kid's MLB debut is absolutely ridiculous.
gotta love Facebook ads, today I've been targeted for Colostomy Bags and Learn Easy Koran
Just started your new book Grouped. Cool stuff! Would love to have you on our show sometime.
so 1D has sold out like even the normal tickets
Fighting man!!
Seriously? That's priceless.
they started screaming at each other within minutes. I love it
IT'S A NEW DAY.....HAVING A GREAT DAY SO FAR!!
Just found on twitter -- highly recommend this group.
I agree. RT : I stand by my "someone forgot to submit something" theory.
if your makeup isn't done, your hair is a mess and you're in your PJs and he still can't resist taking you into his arms, he's a keeper ♥
Thank you for the birthday wishes! I'm lucky I get to dance on my birthday!
Jesus paid it all for me! I'm straight!
I heard they have a strict "one Rubyist" policy.
could be Hardings, too!
You are an amazing talent and will be a true success in the music industry.
My Mom Cooked Dinner ! # Bouuta GRUB!
Halftime has mercifully arrived for Illinois: Wisconsin leads 31-18. That's a season low in any half for
I'm so glad to see you awake.
#FF brilliant writers
no im from there and I live here now
which city are you in?
Mental health is everyone's business.
Hands down this is the lamest #BGC ever. These weak ass females.
I ain't get at all chump! Y'all couldn't hit me pus
Best Friends: You laugh, I laugh. You cry, I cry. You fall, I laugh then I fall too because I was laughing so hard . ❤
Another school day done.
My mommy just bought a new car just got home :))$
Let's go all the way tonight.
Today's positive goal: organize my home. Out with the old, in with the new. Only way to see improvement in your life is 2cleanse it all <3
Thank you, unknown Seattlite stargazer, whose rapt stare @ night sky as I walked by showed me the eerie green-blue-red blaze of Sirius.
After <4hrs of sleep, I find myself irrationally enraged w. a songbird outside my window. I feel like the ugly stepsister in a Disney movie.
This NBA season couldn't get more hectic, now we have more new players trying to learn their roles and Skiles' riding them the entire way.
The Rupert Holmes - Escape Song makes me cry every time
and , we gon' do this.
just caught a short clip from "hot dogs for gauguin" - you make a loveable terrorist! but how does it end...?
sorry I spelled that wrong
Pregnant senior on my bus talking about how she smokes weed still.... So sad. Honestly, I don't belong in this generation.
Lunch Time!!!
so where we at this weekend ? 😁 lol
oh! Lol yes.. Saturday included tequila at 4pm so I was confused for a sec! Haha
No kidding. I've read the recap tweets three times. Each time is more enjoyable than the last. Bravo!
Sleeping at my home
A real good actor but, as a man, he's lousy
You do?!?!?! Ahh man I saw and met them today in LA!!!!
#5ThingsICantStand my computer.
Can't believe LA Tech is playing TCU in a bowl game. Maybe the world is ending next year.
NO NO NO
Bottle of Sangria from Spain that's wearing a mini sombrero.
Wondering - how do I find a translator to convert my wall sayings to French...ideas?
isn't it?!
Thanks for the RT and :-)
My kids were surprised to see the moon tonight. It's been a while!
haha I'm sorry!
why yes it is!
Who doesn't like sushi?? (I listen to Bret every single morning and have ALL kinds of things occur to me to say, heh.)
the art of social media combat, an ongoing study
: Absolutely!! Loving #M31000 #blast & all of U!!
Up , watching the news
Realizing that as of Thursday, I haven't seen or worked with in over an entire period.
lack of cummincation /:
Hi beautiful! I thought about you yesterday when I saw my personalized and autographed copy of "LINK THE EVOLUTION" Miss you!
email your address to and I'll send you a list of prize books to chose from
thanks for the RT
late night bk on a wednesday again
thats wat up boo jjust fuck wit me wen u get bac we didnt even have no time to talk boo
No house elves, no dish faeries. Only a husband cooks like the guy in the GE commercial. And me.
Exactly: time. You can build yr own "come play in our sandbox" site, or you can spend incalculable hours playing in others.
yup, just to smack you with them lol
thanks bro!
it's when they use candles to take the wax out of your ear. I am going to have it down on Saturday. I'll let u know
Happy Weekend
It's Okay Not The Best
Tonight - Hillel Shabbat is being led by the empowered women of Lambda Chai Mu. Thank you LCM. Shabbat Shalom to everyone.
Lol oh all these are waiting for the same doctor ... They've been waiting since 2
Listening to my daughter watch old #Muppets episodes on DVD. I miss Jim Henson.
LORD, I need your help about now...>BIG TIME! prayers in the air! GLORY to GOD!.
Bored at work!!!!
It's pretty cool though. I've tried it, it's nothing complicated at all. Try it.
Neither ..... Both Are Equally
Yep...all I do is win.
it's the best man such a flavor rush
have a nice day guys! :]
OMG were so fucking awesome last night at Nottingham!! + so lovely!! You need to see them if you have any interest in rock music!! :D
I hit it from the back, I make her touch herr toes
Bin Laden???Funny how they tryna blame 9/11 on Bin Laden.."Closure"?? yeah ok.research ppl dnt believe everyting you hear..#DontLeadMeOn!!!
No. No. No. No. No. No. RT : Yay! Gerrard's injured.
Bud light epic fails so far.
bagno e finita_bath is over...i now it's time to wear clothes!!!
Loves his girlfriend =P
fascinating history of Motorola's CI and financial forecasting work from Karen Dunning.
"Fuck daylight savings time." -SXSW staffers with morning meetings
Yes! Reader privacy is just as important as intellectual freedom and information literacy!!
LOL what's up?
I miss you!!
it's the kiss of death.
hey man whats up?
#uCantBeToughAndSay "Bye Bye" nigga take one of those byes out i aint ya dam momma.
I've got a feeling like the 07 LSU game. Wish I was going. You're on Twitter. Awesome!
I was going to ask the status! Have you been looking? Do you need neighborhood advice? I'm sure your friends have been help.
stoked to chat next week!
Watching 30 for 30 about our Canes on by ....cool story!
I might be missing something, but I just open the lid on my macbook and it's online. How does adding a phone to the mix help me?
All Blacks selection analysis - Second five-eighth
A Walk To Remember is one of my favorite movies that I've seen once...and ever since then it comes on and I always miss it :((
Long day of shooting. Now, to get up early & do it again.
there's a 24 hr taco bell. Im in trouble lol
quote: Walker’s new #s are little more than an incredibly transparent effort to create a false reality to mislead WI voters
There should be some sort of mandatory waiting period re: covering pop songs, like 3-5 years at least. Just heard M.I.A. "folk" style
Just got my green braces.
Gym o gym how it pains me to go to u. Donuts and couch sound better.
On set with This skit is going to be awesome!
Tia's is accepting applications for all positions. Weekdays 10 to for details visit www.tiaswaterfront.com/employment.php
awesome! I can't wait for this Cart to open!
#erl12 #libleadership . i owe it to my profession and institution to own "leader", even if it makes my stomach hurt
Alot of these niggaz ain't seen or did shit!! Don't believe the hype!!
Enjoying a beautiful evening drive out to the Texas Hill Country
tell people you know about us! Tell anyone who met tw! We want their stories!
thanks for that
NYC - upstate NY - NYC - Phoenix - LA for two days - Munich - Berlin - Bremen - LA. i only travel by whirlwind for the next 30 days.
Portland local news anchors+stations have always been great advocates of SOOR + YGames. Thanks for the follow + !
Serving Metro Indianapolis, IN and surrounding counties.
the guys need to come back here again ;) they promised us Chipotle and more beaches !
RT M so good. MO money mo problems. All about MOI. MOIS a sound to cringe at. MOIST *rain on clothing* remove clothing* skin
Wore my #DearZim bracelet everyday <3
So does that mean Amelia is giving Addison her baby!? That would be cool!
Today is 9-11-11. I wonder if thats why to call the popo u dial 911.....hum.?
la ink got cancelled..what kind of world do we live in?!
"Tupac Shakur - Dear Mama" can be found with Easy Mp3 Downloader for Android & IPhone
Great NPR piece on rural and urban housing choices in Wisconsin this morning
Oooooohhhh!!! He said she ain't got no nipples!!
I hate being sick like every other damn week. It's getting old. -.-
Current searches: Sales Engineer with colocation and cloud leader. Project Engineer in Smart Grid technology. Connect to learn more!
We all need affirmation. Kind, loving words bring comfort and joy to our souls, help us grow, and we can become more compassionate people.
We have tickets to the showbox show next Friday, October 16th. W/ Tweet, message, email...what'ev us to get some!!
u gotta problem wit my piercings homie?
Hey, come on now, at least get it right. Bobcats! ;)
. Avengers and hunger games are the 2 summer movies I wanna watch right now.
yo mom will get us on there for sure lol
Chinese study shows students on continuos drip of BCAA's tested higher on standardized testing. Increase brain power
It's good to finally see Katie but Caroline can take a hike!!~
ray is on one tonight
that you miss me and are coming to visit and play in the snow?
If you want me, it takes more than a wink, more than a drink and more than you think.
I'm the same person.
If you ain't got the fire retire. If you ain't the shit then quit. If you ain't on top then stop.
Paper submitted with 35mins to go! Fuck yeah! Last assignment of the semester!
That sounded suspiciously like a transformer blowing up.
CONGRATULATIONS ON YOUR FACE BABE
College, Here I Come!
be there ina minute
I WANT WINS!
I had $1.70 on my card and she still let me on. Oops.
When a MAN LOVES A WOMAN!SO refreshing!
Agora ’s Private Upstairs Event Space Unveiled
"The tragedy in life, doesn't lie in not reaching your goals... The tragedy lies, in having no goals to reach."
can I suit up and be your Ozzie Guillen in the dugout?
Please join us for yoga this evening @ 5:30 & 7pm. New students: 1 week free of unlimited group classes & 1 free private pilates class!
Oh Lord. What done happened?
in Pompano FL. Great BBQ n country music.
Welcome. Didn't get much of a chance to disrupt.
happy birthday!!!! :) ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!! I love u!!!! 21
Person threatening to jump off 22nd street bridge in
i know that feel broseph
Happy 200th Birthday to Charles Dickens!
Nice to meet you. Looks like you know too.
Gosh everyone is yelling at me and being mad at me, i cant handle this anymore, just need someone to talk to.
Oh hi, I remember when you were just a wee little guy with 1k subs. Nice to see you've come so far!
Starting to get really hungry. What's this Hunger Games movie about? Because when I'm hungry, I don't like playing games!
he's standing up for the people he loves. What's so wrong with that?!
awesome- praise God! Congrats, Veronica!!
thanks to for being a Facebook fan too! :)
Now this was a long night... Spanish niggas guns but no coke lol what a night.
Rage takes too much energy. Road annoyance is a better description.
What's everyone's workout for tonight??
CivicPlus won the Missouri City, Texas website redesign contract....over Drupal ( open source ) and over VisionInternet ( closed source )
Enjoyed showing Doug Seebeck CEO of around & Belay. A great org if you are interested in business as mission.
Any scoop on where Roger Clemens is staying this week?
It wasn't so bad. It was my first Earthquake, though. It felt like the ground was sliding, not shaking.
Lol how thrilling.
I bet you Kobe isn't saying anything to ARTEST. He don't want those problems. *Rockets*
And remind people, that under a Republican, Bills like the "NDAA" would become Law. Pres. Obama is standing firm on his Veto of said bill.
me too!
Lol with Ryan on my way to Bellevue. slightly tipsy.
Just scared off some punks trying to steal a bike by yelling "hey", made me feel tough
Arts Roundup: Dance, drama, recitals — and the Solaris Vocal Ensemble debuts
Ever notice how Netflix has 'Quantum Leap' listed under the 'Just for Kids' category?
Seriously though y'all got phones or gchat or something right
Why dear sweet baby Jesus, is Hanson covering Billy Ray Cyrus on DWTS? WHY?
Have free preview of NBA Pass on broadband. May never leave the house again. Well, at least until November 1.
Tx, Sal. Best to you and yours this Holiday Weekend. RT : SO to and FF
Be Careful out there RT : TRAFFIC ALERT - now says pedestrian struck is at 4th and Pa., SE - expect delays there...
No problem! Sounds like a roarin' event :)
Noticed #stamford DPW makes sure traffic signal poles and streetlights are next to sidewalks not on them. wtf
is hoping me and #libraryh3lp widgets reach a new and long lived understanding today.
Why do kids think that White Americans are Americans and Black Americans are not Americans.
Shhhhh......my boss will hear :)
Can yu unsubscribe yo tweets from my fone please ???
your new website is awesome (nice work ;)
Today is the day of the spirit of the Lord Jehova! JOEL 3:10!
RT : I am who I am. Who I am is me.
Thanks! Got new tenni-go-fasters.
Girl just called me & says wassup lil shit head bitch ?? All I could say was bye <<<<<< Wack af to call ya self or friends bitches n hoes
in due time young one
is cooking dinner with a little help from Kings of Leon.
I hate Niggaz wit tongue rings such a turn off that dnt makes u a freak it makes u a faggot in my eyes #justmythoughts<=homo thugs
Agree w/ re "direct engagement" in #LatinAmerica to counter #Iranian influence & #DrugCartels. RT
morning babe (:
Fakest band ever was just on Shark Tank...
Hey Brian we out on NW side today 56th and Georgetown near PNCBank till 3p
On my way to #thelake watching #nsn on my way there ily
Confession: I have never used #Outlook. Setting it up today for hubby. EEk.
Dad just took my last piece of gum
Today, was kinda boring day. Still bored. ;(
Sign up for the Planting Fields e-newsletter to receive event updates, program schedules & more www.plantingfields.org
:( thinking about you & your family Kyle. So sorry for your loss!
girls lie too much these days
Hanging for new years 2012 at Fremont East in Vegas baby!
LOVE the wed flavor-malted marshmellow chocolate
#isedchat we have no student response policy but that is a good idea!
don't be callin my mama that! U guys gonna play in Nash or wut? Got a fat one waitin for yas
Happy Monday morning! :)
Only me and can have a conversation in text and on twitter at the same time. Everyone else is restricted to pick one.
Y'all did everything the coaches asked of you.....That's enough for me Steelers 4 ever!!!
#ifiruledtheworld imagine that!
thank you. :) whoo
good to meet you at and great to hear has a "local forager"!
Yeah, they got my son's guitar amp. Thanks Carrie!! Have a great day!
I would name my show "The Averagette" and the screening process would be "does not wear a baseball hat"
Reports that Bobby Petrino is out as Arkansas Head Coach.
And a hearty congratulations to you as well! Thanks for the tweet out!
Missed collision by a hair yesterday. Very glad that I have Emergency instructions posted at home by my front door.
thanks for the great review. went there last night and LOVED it.
So full , i can't even move !but I Can't wait for leftovers :) my favorite part !
No offense.... I'm a leader
Put up another drawing and for a friend too. :D I just love drawing and showing my artwork!
that's how it is sometimes they want to call when you're busy and they don't have nothing else to do
I shot a ton but it was so dang dark don't know how many I can recover.. Will make sure you see then and give you a couple for
thank you Jane
it's all right. Yours?
February 1930... A ninth planet is discovered in the solar system and is named Pluto. The discover is Clyde Tombaugh.
My 40 pound Kindergartner son broke his first board at Tae Kwon Do this week. Strangely, I'm still not very intimidated by him.
Great workout for those of you who made it this morning! "It does not matter how slowly you go so long as you do not stop. " ~ Confucius
LOL I hope and I'm 17 (;.
Hi, I see that you are a entrepreneur. Would it be ok if I send you free marketing tools you can use to grow your business?
"Pretentious Twerps?" I might have to tell my mom you said that! It would crush her since she's a such a fan of yours!
It never fails, I always drop my pick inside my acoustic guitar at least once every time. Grrr
Poor Baby Avery died today..The Angels in Heaven took her to a place where she can watch us all..
Selling 2 tickets to Wiz tonight... $120 for the pair
Yes, New Jim Crow so good! We read it with Angela Davis' Are Prisons Obsolete? + Todd Clear's Imprisoning Communities in Crim!
Whitefish Can't Jump
Killin The Game Out Here In The D
I'm such a moron. I've been off on Friday the last 3 months. I finally work 2day and FORGET that u guys r out... AAARRGGHHH!
Give me er'e thing.
thanks for the shout out!
football practice over. leaving for los angeles tonight (:
Having one child makes you a parent; having two you are a referee ~ David Frost Is this true in your house?
I'm introducing people left and right to the Doritos tacos thing at taco bell like crazy
Mandatory Hispanic Rant: I don't practice Santeria and I ain't got no crystal ball...
Tell us where you live? “: I want to try your vodka!”
Yes, photogs are mostly the ones up at midnight. (monitor brightness keeps your brain from shutting down!) Say "hi" to Jess!
be careful on that motorcycle okay? i love you. stay safe .
At the San Marcos Chamber of Commerce.
well done & outstanding coverage! From a guy who never blocked the hydrant and always left room for the truck in the front.
haha! why thank you! :)
What's up guys
What a Amazing Morning!!
How can you live with yourself after doing something like that?
And we flex all night, all night, like 90px
Sorry for the delay. Definitely a fan!
About to start this government packet
And down goes the Troll.
what part?
Wow..nice, I'm SCARED of you! lol
might be moving back to jersey this summer O.o
The pictures taken at the Jeremih concert will be up tonight!
And boom goes the dynamite says kevin Garnett
Good morning No, but I helped with the tweetup they did a couple of weeks ago. Do you need to get in touch w/ them?
is just Awesome. The shitty must be silent
The winner of the Santorini Sweepstakes has been a member of EWC since January 14th, 2011! Tomorrow, we will find out who the winner is!
Had a pretty damn gud day :) food, drinks, weed.. got to no some coworkers.. man dar some freaks no wonder we get along :)
Sports crossover? Yes, that was #CarlEdwards in that Ford commercial. You can follow this NASCAR star via
Yeah, but accidental, lower-shoulder balls aren't.
That series finale was really good! I wish it was only a season finale.
I'm sure you get a lot of #wine leftover too!
Demographic modeling tricky business w/a history of abuse. Understand the "ick factor". Trends in article are interesting, tho.
everthing cool, just got my studio in the crib so I'm back at it, had to take a break because shit got real out here.
Twitter... I didn't forget you.!
im so cool i like my own facebook status.
Would've been happier if trade up was for Cam Jordan or #Browns sat at 27 and took Carimi or Heyward. Jordan&Heyward more versatile in 4-3.
were absolutely phenomenal, keep doing what your doing
My laptop's dead. Wth.
Reds won!!!
Heading home to a glass of wine to celebrate the end of the work week
I called and gave him the message. He's in line purchasing a new phone, he said ok.
"1984" is coming! It'll get here even faster if we let Romney take the White House!!
taper jean girl with a muhnannannn haze
me three!
15 films with $1M+ in box office earnings this weekend. Going into 'Avengers' weekend and the summer smash start, a very impressive take!
Blue Bottle's New Orleans ice coffee makes me feel like I made a deal with the devil to taste the most perfect beverage in history. -SM
Beyond frustrated... And again, no sleeping... 
Paranormal Activity 4? White people: Please stop... You're making us all look bad.
happy new year everyone!!
Seriously my dude's T-shirts are super dope, get in on the ground floor www.finallyhip.com
..... R u scared to tweet sumthin cause u got the cricketz chirpin
haha, im doin good... how about you?
Will do! Thanks
We love the idea of techorating, too!
Tweet me(:
The world is waiting for your first tweet. All the cars have stopped on the freeways, waiting...
Overhead on the bus "They haven't proved cigarettes kill you". Wow some people are in denial. He is probably a republican.
Thanks to team for an exciting and productive #CoSN12!
Why is it always me. Stuck in a haunted warehouse...
Welcome to Twitter.
Welcome to the studio!
@ you too beautiful!
Perfect! Quote of the Day: Don't make fashion own you, Decide what you want to express by the way you Dress!
constant shuffling of the chairs isnt doing us any favours. We missed our chance of a generational leader in '07
the dress was perfection! Now don't throw up on it, ever! ;)
very good question. Answer in capitalism is market value. It's opinion if you are worthy
SUPER CUTE AND FAST. I'M IN. #MINIbesttestdrive For you Larisa! :)
Yes I did. Just got to my hotel. Good seeing u,...we will plan a more "fun" night next time
Money in hand. is having a sample sale today & tomorrow.
The correct answer to yesterday's trivia questions is: Rick James songs have been featured in "Everybody Hates Chris" six times.
I-81 S (near Martinsburg) CLOSED at x8 w/ a SERIOUS Tractor Trailer accident involving a School Bus and a passenger vehicle.
i want but i cant :'(
graveyard shift is a great motivation killer....can't wait to get used to this schedule so I can get back to creating
The Temper Trap- BOHH Song
We are looking for writers for upcoming issues of , email with writing samples/resume, good luck!
Big dog day yesterday. Zoe came home from Weim Rescue, attended adopt-a-golden gala sponsored by Manheim & Cox
What do you think the difference is between "public good" and "common good"?
Nasal polyps are growths that occur in the nasal passages or #sinuses. They develop from chronic inflammation.
A big group hug to all of you who show up for therapy! You're the best part of our Tuesdays!
it's raining its pouring . i want to be in sweat pants
good! And okay sounds perfect :)
Truer words have never been spoken. At least in my case. RT : "The belly rules the mind." ~Spanish Proverb
I'm in dat juicy Lambo
At The Publican with old friends. I like hanging with 80 year olds..
Nothing beats inside the actors studio! Alec Baldwin is great!
I'm ready for Spring Break.
I know exactly how you feel. <3
oh noes! Now I’m really glad I went with the 77 last night.
freakin invisible? yeah pretty much. gotta love that feeling!
Jim Rohn ~ Time is more valuable than money. You can get more money, but you cannot get more time.
I could really go for a massage right now....
Me wit all these curves & you without no brakes...(O) lolz!
Huge series win for the Cats!
Hey, the person who deserved it actually won!
Oh :( I thought the link said pushpeen
#ohmygosh ..... Are you kidding me right now?!?! I cant believe #GlowisHere (: going to itunes right now!Followback?!
did you stay at home today?
And then to make it worse, they started piping Train music in here.
Hahaha. And it had the potential to! Oh how I miss the Simon team! Have fun in Indy!
"Do you know where any light switches are?" "No. Dont you work here?" "they pay me.."
this is at the forefront of jquery innovation, in the future, if we're lucky, every web site will use this on every link.
I'm your first follower!!! I love this. This is good.
Those are actually just re-packaged, same product inside and I believe it's an official, above-the-board deal. Have 2 myself.
RT Go ahead and pull Versus. Hopefully Indycar will sign a deal with a real network. (This is a possibility also.)
mT : "There is no perfect candidate." - #PalinonTODAY.... she should know lolololololol
Happy Friday! Looking forward to the weekend 👍
Awww(: no problem babe(: But you were always pretty to begin withh(:
In the heart of Texas is Midland, Texas! We love our network there!
Cant wait till fall ball!
Powers out on my grid
Fuck outta here! U don't know shit bout Italia! #gobacktoChile RT *sigh* I wanna go to Italia
right here
hey followers checkout the new pictures of zendaya and bella throne i put up
I fell asleep n missed da second half lol
Did you know that embedded in the Baskin Robbins logo is the number 31? The number represents how many flavors they have!...
#inspirational loved the song! Couldn't make a true blue colts fan feel better.
wait are we talking about Pete rose?
I do. And I know people say it all the time...but I went on a DeCastro rant after that game...in a good way. He's good.
um... you shouldn't believe everything you hear on twitter. ;-)
aladdins in memorial or uptown hookah on richmond. check the site for directions
oh no! Devon isn't a really big town is it?
Fuck!! I'm completely off track now..damn playoffs
Only second loss in team history. Season ends.
Glad to have you on board! RT : yes yes yes!!! can't wait for the fall. Looking forward to starting
its really yummy actually!
That would definitely be hot. I would love to cum over there.
Oh terrific! Thanks so much for looking into that. Electronic Law & Commerce really helps with digital-age policy wonking :).
Of course I'm still playing. Starts my day. You?
Probably because they expect it to go to extra's. Castillo ok though?
Back pain usually affects the lower back. It can be a short-term problem, lasting a few days or weeks, or continue
Thankfully, he didn't have a weapon. The bus stayed at the stop (which everyone loved) while we argued. Then he was ejected.
Thank you to all of our followers :) We truly appreciate your support in helping us grow! <3 Fit2go Team
Steering clear ....
Be on the look out, Take5's "The Talent Farm" performance video's will be up Wednesday 5/16/12
Are STEM degrees from an unaccredited university more valuable than anthropology degrees from an accredited university?
...I was going to say, that's the *least* likely thing for you to have hallucinated ;) Are you watching the films, or...?
team trivia at 8pm. 35 cent wings til midnight
When I fuck her I'm a fuck her like I miss her
That was just perfect! You did great, on #BieberOnTheVoice <33
I'm engaged to be alone.
It's Wednesday! Which means Ruth's Chris has half-priced select bottles of wine!
Thanks for the signed t-shirt yesterday I'll wear it w/pride. Go #butler!
#starwalk hello everyone ready for the solar storm?
RE: Republicans. MS: "These Republican schnooks would be comical if they weren't not funny."
hope he grows the beard back, m.
Smart>> RT : Give employees a reason to align their brands to that of their employer.
W u approach all ur wk with a smile and make no distinction between success and failure world will allow u ur pick of blessings- R. Simmons
That's a super cute pic!!
Thanks! I'm actually a DC EMP, but I'm interested in reading what the other EMP groups are doing too. :)
& u feel losing a gm by 1pt is the same as losing by 50? Obviously nothing is diff in W/L column, but I dont think they're the same
Ran out of milk for my coffee so I put in ice cream. Been holding my arm up for 30 minutes waiting for Jesus to high-five me.
good morning back at ya, you talented young artist you!
Sounds tasty!
Such a good time, would love to go back and chill in the
Luke has got some good stuff. Heck, it's all good.
i can,t wait
Go Blazers!
Went to Advance Auto Parts store, spent $100. Went to #amazon bought same for half. Went back to the store, returned all. I'm a web man!
its time to put some cuffs up on yo girl
that's what everyone is saying. Where do we get a summary?
He said he doesn't want to come over, cause then he would have to meet my dad. He just doesn't want to go off on him..God I hate my dad
I don't care what people say, I will always be a belieber<3
Excited to hear it's running well!
Hey, no problem! Enjoyed the video.
TY I am! Just finishing assembly of beautiful shelf unit for my dining room. Hope your weekend it great as well!
my life is amazing. you know theress this guy that i like , hby?
Sounds like an Ohio state love fest
Hey man, let me know how it is!
How conflicted are UT alums who are Mavs fans right about now? #Durant does it again
Better than anger.
that shit gonna fly
good morning buddy how are you how's ky treating you
as much soul as she put in informing us of what's in the new chicken wrap, she better had... Lmao...
Thanks to for the follow. Text messages are a great way to keep people up to date. Ask me how!
safe travels to you on your way to
- OINK FLAP OINK FLAP - Well I'll be darned!
No go on Sean Parker Keynote...
- is this really that big of an issue?
Thanks for the mention my friend!
Best one in forever, 
Great parties need no significant preparation. It is all about the people attending.
So Anne said that Harry isn't going solo 🙏
People will hate you, rate you, shake you, and break you. But how strong you stand is what makes you.
"BITCH BETTA HAVE MY HONEY"
exciting week of news ahead: rare peak into what the world's governments already know about each other
I love twitter hah.
that's random, now I'm gonna be looking for that product when i go shopping.
Survived the lake house on Friday the 13th:)
I'm justin bieber for halloween lmfao!!
is possibly being the coolest on my tl right now
If local sourced from R farm(or other local farms) thr wld B more wrkn farms in R town. We R only 1 left on road.
Feeling good today need a drink 🍸
giving up on Tmobile lol phone not working again ugh
have you decided a date on the ATL interview?=)
ND must clutch for me too. Losing isn't an option haha
Here with Mayra M talking about bellies :p
Can't stop geekin
We had a guy who rang all the doorbells so that he could leave the package with whoever answered. We had a chat.
Writing fuel: Teavana's "Citrus Lavender Sage" over ice. So flippin' good.
yes I might :) I Just wanted to tell you that cuz I tell my Shaun everything :)))
Oh, so its "none of my business"? #classic Too bad you don't care, and you just don't want to look bad! It IS my business, but not yours!
good advice!
I saw the movie "gone" today and i finally got to see twilight breaking dawn!! #bothgoodmovies :D
This diet will be the death of me 😒
love that show
LIGHTHOUSES RULE!
RT : April 24, 1989: Massachusetts declares today "New Kids on the Block Day." // cc:
im seriously thinking about it, I love this state
did you lose it?
for real:\
And all I get at the time was "rude."
Stunned actually
Gotta look fresh for my picture
Guten Morgen Thanks for following our twinning tweets!
we are looking for alums working in JAMS-related industries for an event in December. Email if interested.
Hope my mom let's Alex and me leave school and go to her house after. :)
DM me the acct tel #, i'll check a few things
cool! I've only heard a couple of her songs. How do you get tix for that?
I loved that Stryper album, To Hell With Fred Phelps.
you licked your havd and put on my face.!!!
Perths Photography Planning The Perfect Wedding On A Tight ...
He's just worried about getting past the first 10 pages of the Spanish Rosetta Stone book.
Whose ready for hoops!?
Sound advice. RT : Never just walk around with your peener out. It's dangerous. Someone could whip it off with a towel, you guys.
I just got carded and curiously don't feel any younger.
My friend Brittney loves me. She made me a custom shirt and ordered it <3
hey hey. Shakes dreads
I'm pretty sure I never even got one!
I thought they already did haha
Please don't follow me if you are against partying, because you're just going to waste both of our time.
Life is rather like a tin of sardines - we're all of us looking for the key
biased biased biased biased biased biased biased biased biased.
Hey you, go read something. Yes, you.
#1DVEVO #ASKREPLY Im there biggest fan because they get me through my hard times.When I want to give up and break down their there 4me
Baltimore all day baby!!!
Good morning world. Busy day today. Music Video shoot in the day. Teach 3 classes @ night. Maybe the Music Awards? Or maybe not.
fOLLOW BACK PLEASE <3
dont put on fronts for people if folks dont like yo fuck em. be your self and if they like you cool. and if they dont like you thats cool to
You think I can turn my followers into followers?
Just realized I'm "that guy." I'm out wearing a 12-year-old T-shirt I got at an A Perfect Circle concert when I was 17.
Thank you sir, that just made my shitty week a lot better. I just joke about being cocky though cause I never really be lol
to say the very least! Health is one's most valuable asset after all....
Training and in Delray Beach.
Thank you :)
lol my bad
Ask about the Facebook special when you stop by. It's a FREE farm fresh egg upgrade when you check-in at our cart on FB. Valid thru Friday.
just for clarification, I mean, should the world just watch?
Anyone read Ben Marcus's "The Flame Alphabet"? Thoughts?
does your husband work out at mountainside fitness? I sometimes see a guy there who looks a lot like him so i wonder if it is
thanks Elena!! I miss you too!!!
i'm wearing a sleeve to the gym...hahaha flamesuit on. it looks tight though i feel like a hooper again.
RT "As non-profits, we fight from a place of scarcity, instead of share from a place of abundance." -UW Colorado CEO
well urban commuting is tricky then. I would say you could ave maybe 12 mph, so 30 mins? I would test it out b4 you depend on it
Good luck with release today! I will be trying, Should be fun.
Welp, you've got my attention. *adds to queue* RT Better than "Tell No One"--much as I love that flick.
Beginning #gaming & #pedagogy workshop: Teaching (with) Video Games with and Terry Schenold
that suxs! for me today is a holiday, no skool for me....
No one wants this game.
The difference between fiction and reality is that fiction has to make sense. - Tom Clancy
Simply making consistent investments in our self-education and knowledge banks pays major dividends throughout our lives. Jim Rohn
Thanks. Our website has video of 123GoTV, a PTPA (TM) Seal winner. Sold on web. 20% discount code PTPA thru 12/31 at check out.
G (3 years old) showed me their pineapple, coconut, and TWO KIWIS!! :D
I think I was just improperly influenced by the defense attorney's farts on a restroom break.
Personally, I've always hated NC & that was b4 any vote.
You have to decide to change your life. You are worth it! You'll be respected!
Can't use a drinking fountain now without thinking of Parks & Rec.
ha! Thanks, I have the thinkprogress version of that article bookmarked.
A vagina is like the weather. Once its wet, it's time to go inside."
People at post offices today mailing your taxes: we're all shaking our heads at you.
Don't Say " I Love You " if you telling other bitches that to !
i had so much fun tonight! You guys were amazing!! Please come to New York more often!
Herman Cain endorsed Newt Gingrich...desperate times call for really desperate measures.
Isn't it!!
about time huh? let's have a drink or three when you're back here next!
My boobies hurt.
it all good sugar britches!! as long as your not out offering people bible passages
oh my gosh that's great! congrats :)
Follow Tim. Now RT : It upsets me that Snooki Slippers twitter had more followers than me. #ConsideringKillingSnooki'sSlippers
Getting up from my desk for the first time today. This is not healthy.
www.facebook.com/mjafloral
#Liverpool WANTS WANTS WANTS for KIDSCAPE!!!!!!
so pumped about this tune! Glad u like it!
"People saw how strong I was and thought I was out of shape." No, people thought that cause you were, and fat.
It's about time. Glad Oliver Perez finally came to his senses.
Anyone can suggest good movies?
Son of a b...whore.....ahole
Kobe just told Blake lets go. Here comes the fourth quarter come back!!
I wonder of all the once-watched every night movies piled up in each and every casket, urn and brain on display. I eat the hot dogs I dream.
I'm not sure if I believe Ryan Braun because I believe him or because I want to believe him, actually I'm not even sure I believe him
So, not only is my birthday on a MONDAY, but a lot of my kids are going to Six Flags on a field trip that day!
It's my own personal LOCKSS system. I back stuff up all over the frickin' place.
I do love a coke from time to time. : ) They were great tips-especially about the PH balance.
Thanks for getting us to 800 followers!
I'm a beast with a golf club.
This phrase has been on my mind for days now... "If not now, when.... If not you, who?" Thx
cuz what sasha? If u dnt wnt to say it on twitter text me. And I dont really have a better chance
Entirely too much fun being had by all.
Got my tix to the #DCADDYS. So excited!
Love it here!!
Pittsburgh's own vodka and the sheet is goo! RT : $2 off Coupons on all bottles of Clique! Stop in a store!
Metal News from Las Vegas; Jake E Lee has been spending a lot of time in the studio with "Beggars and Thieves". More to follow.
well... umm... here's my number... call me maybe?! hahaha
thanks for all the incredible tech coverage. Solid new brand with a dedicated crew. Looking forward to all the #CES news.
watching liza minelli tell stories about her life, her parents, old movies and old movie stars on 's "private screenings." love it!
HUGE SHOUT OUT to this luvie ~~~ :** SHE IS SOO NICE♥♥♥♥ MUST FOLLOW ;***
they gonna lose !!
Busy editing a new short film - who woulda thought 1950's educational films would be so fun? Golly!
mommy let me hang out with my friends this isnt fun
Stop
Tin Pan South week ROCKED OUR SOCKS! We had so much fun! My favorite - Ruth Collins, Hillary Lindsey, Paul Overstreet... aww heck, Everyone!
Heading to the #txhimss conference with ! Let the fun begin!
I can't get any sound :(
were finally launching the brand new rock house website, still in beta mode though not all features are available yet.
": R E T W E E T I F YOU WANT MORE FOLLOWERS | #TeamFollowBack | #InstantFollowBack | #TeamAutoFollow | #500ADay | #TFB"
Cool. We should time sync & meet. Don't b scared. : )
Date night at the Barn, it's a beautiful thing.
"All the earth shall worship thee, and shall sing unto thee; they shall sing to thy name." Psalm 66:4
Cool down at Jazz Under the Stars TONIGHT @ 7pm. Cocktails, yummy goods from the Cooperage and great MUSIC!!! See you soon!!
4 more workdays until the
that's nice <3
"#Pinterest allows you to organize and share all the beautiful things you find on the web." .... except images of beautiful web pages? Hmm.
Met my bf's parents. Hope it's true guys always date girls like their mothers. His is AWESOME!
Kept hearing a tweet sound & couldn't figure out which device/social network platform was notifying me. 10 mins later: It's a BIRD. OUTSIDE.
Let's Hope the La Clippers Don't Lose tomorrow Lol :D
TGIF. KAREOKE and happy hour at my spot Air lounge 5-9pm Discounted drinks and food. www.airoakland.com
I truly respect the people who stay strong, even when they have every right to break down.
Love this weather.
Anybody who thinks this was the best halftime show is crazy. How can you forget Prince singing Purple Rain.. in the rain?
Tax Talk Today Features Karen Hawkins, Director, IRS Office of Professional Responsibility Presenting “Ethics Under ...
DM'd you hannah
Anybody know what kind of jets those were that just flew over Crissy Field?
Heading to Dallas for 3 hr layover on way to Seattle
AW SHIT #OKEGIRLZ TAKING OVER MEMORIAL DAY WEEKEND IN DA CHI! 5/24 RED CAFE WIT "MY ARTIST" @ HAROLD WASHINGTON
we do value #lateens www.brandlateen.com RT : Companies don't realize the power that teens/youth have. Sadly. Smh.
Just drove dads truck (: loved it!!
Been watching the total gym program for about twenty minutes now..
awesome!!! I do to. I use it like coffee...and tell people I simply cannot exist without it.
RT : If you have #Autism or a child with #Autism but not in your Twtiter bio let me know so I can put you in my proper lists :)
Moving websites from server to server is a serious pain in the ass. Such a monotonous workday.
- they were rejected by their top choice - both african american, for football and basketball
Im officially re-joining the tweetfleet. Its good to be home:)
the reverse bulldog into the door was it for me. I stood up and cheered.
I like that. RT The Major League will never play the minor league
Music is the drum that beats like my heart ,with out that im dead!!!
happy mother's day to my mommy! we had a wonderful time together! i so love her!!! muah!!!
Stop looking at the world to tell u what your voice should be... LOOK UP.
Why one career teacher, a"lifelong Democrat," hates the recall campaign against Scott Walker. California lessons learned. More tonight in WR
Downtown Hollywood is buzzing!!! Come out for some green beer! :)
Can you PLEASE wish good luck at her cheer competition on sunday?! IT WOULD MEAN THE WORRLDDDD <3 PLEASE Z
I'd take June or October, too. RT : I wish I were born in April so that my birthstone were a diamond.
I know lol just come bro. Whenever
That's really good.I also wanted to say thank you all your hard work,especially with the global warming info. you provided yrs. ago.
Made my Wendy's stop, now I can officially get my day started :-)
that's cool! I'll have to look into them. We designed the logo so its definitely ours! :)
That's not the first and only metaphor that I mixed tonight. :) And eww, wet cigars?
I'm convinced the large format of a desktop display is the reason web design and apps interfaces have been incoherent and random. No limits.
wow this made my night!
still trying to figure out why i won't be seeing and on 's 17th bday. unless if your having a kid
yo! Happy Birthday!
I'm a Swagittarius.
That thong thong thong thong thong yeeeeheeeee
Looks great! Building is such a crazy but fulfilling journey!
RT this if you love as much as we do ! They have the best
hey nothing wbu ???
The only good argument for any particular religion is "It works for me," or some variation on that idea.
Paige? Or the other one?
Nobody at Adobe yet. They're all at Media Motion Ball.
All these years I thought I didn't like chicken salad. Turns out I just don't like bad chicken salad. What else have I been missing?
Thanks for the follow, Elvin. Love your conscientious tweets.
Didn't your mother ever teach you not to stare
Chillen back enjoying life eating and sleeping is my day today
Kicking people in the balls - funny and effective since ... Forever!
I love going to the gym at this time
"Don't make excuses—make good!" ~ Elbert Hubbard
That would be fun to read. :)
We see that opportunity is all around us, but it can't present itself unless it is recognized and acted upon.
the same, living this college life...ready to come home doe
We offer a free market approach to success in the music industry!!
Australian radio > American Radio
Netflix tells me Robin Hood with will be here Thursday. There he is in my inbox, & oh look! Here he is on Twitter!
Welp I know what I'm doing all day.
Good day today
At a chinese buffet... so many samoans... poor asian workers can't make enough food to keep up lol
I'm impressed by the tweeting of Mosher. Lots of second effort RT Impressed by Vinny Curry so far. Showed lots of second effort
Hey Uguys should document what cha been up too. Would love to see some videos.
shit, i'll pay taxes on it if they wanna renovate my kitchen or whatever!
girl did he kill it or did he kill It!!!
Austin loves Olive Garden! Evertime he goes he get's the '5 Cheese Ziti' (: [same thing i always get(;] RT if you like Olive Garden ♥
I've just gone through it.OK as far as rock released this century goes, but I normally don't get into that kinda thing.
Excited to see new #followers! Thx & Welcome to #SLAMR!
Waukesha County clerk once again being accused of election tampering... in the same year! Shame on you!
Mornin y'all
It was under daily trending topics. And I thought it was world wide. :( ops.
I have a Skype interview tomorrow, too! And have the exact same plan.
re:lasttweet - always been skeptical of the notion that players should "not think". I wonder if you can't think "too much", just wrongly.
The notebook
You really think fan interest will return if Bucks push towards .500? That's the worst place to be in the NBA.
I'm gonna go outside and get some work done. Oh look it's raining. Hello Dr. Oz.
So tired. Don't wanna go home and do the history project. Can school end already?
Can't sleep....miss him like it was the end of the world ♥
Maria A. Oquendo, M.D.: Predicting Treatment Response in Major Depression: The Use of Biosignatures: A new national study on "biosign...
Hi Ashish, the answer depends on the individual. An increase in 60 points would certainly help though.
How did they respond?
"Play is our brain's favorite way of learning." -Diane Ackerman, contemporary American author
the baby is growing fast and we are all adjusting. Looking forward to the holiday! Good to here from you! Hows your clan?
Increase communication by using open ended questions.
Nothing like Twitter/Facebook to help clear my head after early morning of freelance strategy-based work.
congrats on another successful conference & thank you for the great hospitality
I'm not thick,don't have makeup caked on my face,im not naked in public/in pics,nor do i have a head full of tracks&i can still pull niggas!
Hahaha a valid point. Thanks. :)
so says u.
What is everyone doing today to celebrate #EarthDay2012 ?
not me. but i am ready to space out :)
is a future hall of famer! What a great career. &#35;boilerup
WOW WOWOWOWOWO---its freezing then!! haha Idk If I can handle that Weather---Its always Hot/Warm in texas!!...cantwait
dunno yet..
Back to Paoli Peaks to ski for the first time since eighth grade...don't even ask how long ago that was for me! Happy Valentine's Day!
Gagged from smell of my own fart
how Atlanta life Mikey?
Lets welcome to Twitter and #AztecNation! Be sure to follow them!
Buenos Dias :o Today you should have a Clementine.
You can't put a price tag on love, but you can on all its accessories. ~ Melanie Clark
Drunken writing mode with The 6kness Click. Deadly combination.
It's great to see so many communicators here for our Spring Conference. Thanks to Shelby Healy for being our MC.
Are u kidding me with this comeback?!?!!!!!!
Please tell me you have seen the old man on pawn stars. They just bought a Shelby cobra and I swear to God it's Dad.
Could you believe that my homework assignment for tonight from the director is to watch a movie... I love what I do=)
Who put ice cream in the microwave
Social Fresh is amazing. I'll have lots of good stuff to share with you guys on Thursday!
Almost time to go! haha Logging off BYE TWITTER! :D
getting thousands of tweets i'll be able to reply to few people and mostly my friends so all the other hate tweets no comment :p
so hyped!
Like a gold beer can or something?
RT : nice job andy and crew: Startup Kansas: Kickanotch Raises $1.1 Million For Its One-Stop Mobile Marketing Shop...
congrats. that's awesome.
I guess I am in a state of "relieved shock" that this trial is over. I can't wait to catch up with everyone. Thank you again!
#herworld. Loved having you here. Great event, great message. You all rock!
as long as they are the chocolate chip teddy grahams.
aye that 1 dude from the knicks look like david ruffn from the tempation movie.
I LOVE YOU!!!! why don't you get that?!?! Txt me you jerk!
Today is the 25th anniversary of the opening of , an icon of Austin dining. Congratulations!
done with what? Insulting you? Why? I'm so good at it!
club YOLO must have been too much fun for you to handle
beta cells
i wish i could :/
Hang in there.
Have a great time! Thanks for using ShowClix.
In other words, if your target is “blue widgets” then link to “blue widgets” instead of a “Click here” link
Facebook relationship status updates are the Access Hollywood for normal people.
Thats ok, we don't mind hearing from ya Multiple times..Go Gators!!:)
The Paris Wife: Why did it take you so long to find me?
#Beautiful #hair, start with your #mind. Taking care of yourself is the first step to #gorgeous hair. Yes beauty starts from within.
yes, yes we do. This is major news.
Its all in the letter.
wonderful. i turned on a fan that i haven't touched in about 2 weeks and it blew a shitload of dust right into my face.. bleegh.
Wow: First time two ND players have gone in the first round since 1994? #sadtweets cc:
great half eagles! 20 more minutes...
#Happy #Mothers #Day #enjoy it.
My new moto is for my Paralegal career is "Take a Bite out of Justice" courtesy of Crisco Kidd....lol
>ICONic Boyz : favorite kind of chips and favorite sonq rite now?Please tell them to give me a shoutout :Bethel from Chicago.
#milwaukeebeerweek festivities continue! Stop a Wolskis tonight 8-10 for free samples of Witty White Wheat.... Happy Thursday!
Thanks for checking in!
it does. I know it.
Aw, feel better, Damian.
I wish a nigga wood like a tree in this bitch...
have a great hump day!!
holy shit that's awesome!
Chis Dunlop () asked me to follow you.
Not my #DonnaSummer! #LastDance takes on a whole new meaning! #RIP Sista
get a ps3 lol
Amazing weekend topped off with a fantastic meal so good! Grape & goat cheese salad & corn bread perfection.
this reminds me of that "how has more utility than " piece I've been meaning to write...:-)
that picture needs a cat
MINDS: Woodward believes students can create real work that is public and worthwhile. Portfolios could be useful.
second that.
oh ik what you mean... she inspires me to be a better person! god i love her..
Hey old friend . Been a year since we talked .
Ya it looks like i got hit. I think i got it all taken care of. thanks for the heads up!!
": We're all part of Vermes Army..."
Lady saw
hate Sundays. Only because they consist of homework, homework and some more homework. Oh and the thought of going to school the next day.
RT : RT : The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows.~ Buddha
We love
Thank you! =)
I actually follow like 1300
woah, low blow. and most of my pics are of tim mcilrath
Getting carried away wont get you anywhere..
I can say Dean, friend who brought cookies, got a hug for his kindness to two busy ladies during open house
oh lol. Well I don't have a reason to not like you so...
lol that's what I meant - ~beautiful in a hilarious/dafuq did I just see way.
thank you for a fantastic night of The Birds (my first time) and Tippi Hedren.
you wish your mom warned you about girls like me
The OKC Memorial Marathon Celebration will be 4-star after you go to classes Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
feeling restless....
"We sound like a lion taking down a gazelle then feeling compasion and letting it go and it getting hit by a car"
Yep! Give me details on my personal acct.(:
I like the format of tweeting where the last word is emphasized in all CAPS. It makes it all sound AMAZING.
I'll be not watching them tonight, but I've got good non-baseball reasons. That it will help me forget this tragedy is just upside
We are always accepting book donations. You can call us at 275-4040 if you have books to donate, and we can tell you about dropoff sites.
What the heck is up with Joaquin Phoenix? He needs to go back to acting the singing sucks.
Yes, you should have received them tonight in an email to the address you provided when you registered.
In need of a hair cut ... Time to even out my hair ..
and I are in ur hood
Only four more days to get your gift certificates and t-shirts for the pizza lover, who's on your holiday shopping list.
haha. Probably dome of the longest 5 days of your life.
Traffic Accident US 29 southbound at i-64W ramp. left lane blocked
Anyone else going to tonight?
My day has been good so far :)
Hey, don't forget about the Interview with Jennifer on ABC. Be sure to have you some tissues! :(
Jolene! I've never heard it live and it's my favorite song of yours. I'll see you in Cheyenne again.
feeling fat from Jerry's Deli Pastrami and eggs!
luckily a can away with mock relaxers which I do with conditioner and it takes 1/3 of the time!! Haha, cheater
can the boys give a shoutout to Nicole D from new York and #asktheboyz if they are going to do a call me maybe video:) 20
RT ": The shell must break before the bird can fly."
First of December, that means Christmas is getting closer (:
I've been on that too. :O
thanks so much for following!!
RT : The #lpc National Policy Chair, , is on Twitter. Follow her for great updates!
MISTER DUDE
Photography is the voice of my Soul and witness of my existence. #photgraphyis mylife
. Will Allen is a personal hero of mine. The work he's doing is extraordinary.
love that the Indian tea workers on the #amazingrace were so helpful, then excited with the deaf player Luke finally passed his challenge
Honesty Hour on the floor of a hockey rink...
RT : S/o to he is definitely a good brother...thanks for the words of wisdom! #ICE ΑΦΑ ~ #ICE!
I'm on the computer, daughter on oovoo, and my son is playing xbox.. Yup, I guess we are a digital family...
Try now. I got off the phone with Apple an hour ago and they said it should be fixed.
#TwoThingsIWant To be happy when I'm home. And for the fighting to stop. </3
Royals gotta lead league in soft outs. Caught stealings, bunts, going extra base. Yost devalues outs so much it's laughable
hahah just had to show ya(:
are you going?
Hello Miami..the countdown to Cuba has begun..
There's a thin line between charisma and charlatanism.
thanks lady!
S/O to my man have a good one bro
I'm a groupie :)
WELL THEN YOU HAVE A CHANCE go get your man girl
How does an octopus go to war? Well armed :)
c is for cookie, that's good enough for me.
Purchased tickets for Springsteen in DC on Sept.14. Woohoo!!
I Bottle Pop
good luck tonight. looking for a streak ender.
50 lbs of lobster thawing in the fridge gettin' ready 4 our annual Father's Day Lobster BBQ!
Thanks for the RT. How was Austin?
All tied at 28
This all makes perfect sense to me... if you love #RPDR you are allowed to love all sorts of other wonderful things & tweet it out
No problem anytime! :D
Back from a long hiatus...how u doin!?
Back from planet fitness, and took my vinegar smelling pill
it's been on the top of my list forever, sounds great!
My quarterly 401k statement estimates my retirement year at 2042...I'll take the under on that bet...easy money
My new app for building eportfolios is in beta - ! Would love to hear your thoughts!
great memory-jogging tonight! I will -- perhaps it will be part of my dayofdh blog completion this weekend :)
rachel, you're so lucky! nicole, that's a joke, right? i'll miss her cute lab coat though!
I love
More corn beef and cabbage. Extended St. Party's.
great brother what's new
Great times with great friends :)
awready, I didn't know if it was true so I had to ask you I know u got the inside scoop n shhit lol
Halstead Property Development Marketing had 45 signed contracts on new development units in February 2011! Up 40% from 2010!
It's been two days of accidentally not eating chocolate- seems dumb to eat it again now so now I guess I'm intentionally not eating it
are there 2 vietnam cafes?
I'm sorry to hear that. I hope everything went well as expected!
aw you are the sweetest; i guess i should clarify: i'd rather talk with ppl via fb or email--twitters overwhelming! email me if
Got my butt handed to me today at Carmen La Talegona's class, now waiting to see José Maya's show!
totally cool, I know!!!
COULD THIS DAY GET ANY BETTER!?!?! Why yes, yes it could! Git on down to the mooglorious cow patio! Gddy Up!
I just tried to "CTRL V" on my mobile device. This has brought me to a whole new level of professional I would say.
Then they need hospitalization ($$$) and specialist care ($$$$.) Lather, rinse, repeat.
Next up: "Designing for Awareness in the Attention Economy."
Question to all my Obama voting friends (read kool aid drinking tree huggers) Is Obama administration at fault for USPS HazMat coverup?
Why am I still awake???
Well good night Word of advice PLEASE don't get on my bad side tomorrow I'm going to be very stressed out I'm gonna try not talking tomorrow
I’m not perfect and don’t live to be. But before you start pointing fingers, make sure your hands are clean.
Nope, I use It's amazing when AT&T doesn't throttle you after heavy usage.
I'm still waiting for the postal service to offer "Forever and a Day" stamps.
can't wait to see you 😘
Nice seeing you too man! Thanks for the kind words last night and don't worry, I will!
That peanut drink I posted a picture of on Sunday? Turns out it's kind of great. Like drinking peanut butter, yet better than that sounds.
put bike into rack, but the kiosk is down. So now all the kiosks think we have a bike out.
Yep, it's made with bits of real panther, so you know it's good.
Ferrari rally/polo match in Watermill...should be entertaining, to say the least.
Come to the Kennedy's All-American Barber Club for your haircut! Call 407-333-9411 for more info and great deals!
HELLO prom weekend!
Very wise RT : I am starting on no credit too - all cash.
well, you need plugin commander and new blog defaults (another plugin) to set the default theme as digress.it
Taking Averie to see the cherry blossoms today!
Last thing I'll say. (I know: 'shut up!') W/a good restaurant job I culd live in same town as my gf. Shout out NTT longdistnace relatinshps!
Used Lynda.com today to "facilitate" a Keynote workshop... interesting blended learning mashup of sorts.
another great draft for the pack
I find it hard to believe there are actually people who get in the shower first and THEN turn on the water.
lmao! I cant spell for crap! I meant Hawk!! ;D
KP PR EVENTS & MARKETING would like to welcome James Weber studios to the site. James Weber is one of north America's top photographers.
Thanks, Shire! Hope you're having a beautiful weekend! OxoA
Hey Warner Brothers, not EVERY movie needs to be shot in 3D, ie Clash of the Titans.
I love fantasy football..but I hate fantasy football players.
best buy...
hopefully tomorrow! I just got off the phone with Rora, she's figuring stuff out c:
Aw I missed you, but if you ever try and pull my weave out again i'll fuck you up beyond anything.
Gold And Silver Daily Review Precious metals prices
Separated at birth! RT : I feel honored that and I tweeted two of the same articles. Or he stole my tweets ;-)
#catnap #sickgimmick Catnap Rocks!
LLAB SMDH YES INDEED HOW DID U FIND OUT!!!!...
Bears win in OT
Harry:"Whats ur name?" Me:"My Future Wife" Harry:"Everyone, this is My Future Wife. Audience:.. Me:.. Harry:.. Me:.. Harry:"Wait a minute.."
Felt like I got a mild concussion in bjj yesterday.(headache, nausea) Loading up on fish oil, any other good brain supps?
Second day in a row I've asked IWJ to work from home because the roads in Chicago are still not clear.
lol you drool on yourself more than that cat does!! they are claws of love!!! Just let him suck lmao
LIVE from Scranton PA: Syracuse NETS vs Royals, this will be the first game MJ's 8th/14U National team will have this season.
hopefully we can afford to upgrade the others when we get all those world series royalty checks! :-)
please read my full profile on facebook myspace thank you
#LateNightRequests You pick 'em.....surprise us
$SNPK what a recovery!
there's nothing more valuable than Jesus Christ
Why don't you come to for drinks and a bite! I think the "Death After Dark" cocktail is perfect for you!
In 6 hours I have to go to work :(
FUCK YEAH WE'RE GONNA BE IN BORIS & DORIS ON THE TOWN also we won a Shepherd Express #bestoftheweb award WTF
damn that outfit is hot! 👍
I know we're like the same person that's why I love you so much :-* lmaoo
Request granted. When do you want to stop in?
Lots of big egos on stage + trying to score political points = great entertainment.
Thanks! I'm looking forward to it.
q1: informal calendar in our office. each display location has two displays per month. we all keep full.
So nice to have you! :) RT : Pumped to be back at the office after 4 wks out in Denver! Missed my co-workers and friends :)
Shakespeare is the most quoted author in the English speaking world. It would be hard to find a %
I am watching at the Hollywood Bowl and loving it! He ran all the way to the back--a treat for us in the cheap seats!
Yes. I just gave the game to someone who had never played it and let them beat it first, hah.
and the same to you all! We should talk more :-)
Just woke up, going to my uncles garage, and then Shaler's play before I get to make mad money as a waitress
It's really starting to piss me off because I accidentally answer phone calls when I am trying to text someone.
Alrighty - we've got you listed! :)
this sample beat came out dope..
I am breaking my promise to never go back to a Disney on ice or any show. Let the strip mining of my pockets begin!
I was gonna post something, but I got caught up in reading tweets and I forgot
i mean shiiiit atleast i use protection.. so it shouldnt be no prolem.
Hey! Check out my first video in youtube.....Me doing a cover of Taylor Swift's Back to December...
Management Tip of the Day: Don't ignore your Gen-Xers
it's questions like these that I wish philosophy classes answered....
The original investor discussion was - be biggest pet vertical, or.. be about helping people have fun? Guess which they chose?
Happy New Years from your friends at Baltimore Bocce
Good Morning World!! Currently at 9:36am in Atlanta, GA is 64 degrees. High: 77* Low: 57*
haha I do that all the time!
can someone help me get more followers..awk everyone has like thousands of followers and i don't even have 200! hehe ucanhelp
i voted today, yay!
why is 's family so photogenic? Love them!
RT : If your ship doesn't come in, swim out to meet it ~ Jonathan Winters
Had seen the video; hadn't seen the bit from That is really heartening to hear! Can't wait.
I would worry less about unique teams and just focus more on what the goal of the team is and who you want to play the most.
BMW's March car sales break all monthly records BMW said first-quarter new-car sales were the highest ever on the back of March sales tha
Dear Tim's, can my roll-up-the-rim prize be a heritage job? Please?
the quality and depth of your sarcasm is unrivaled. kudos to you fine sir.
Calling it quits. Now back to "My Jesus".
Can't even imagine how awesome 's day is going to go!!! You should definitely make a vid! #TGOD!
wish you could be here!
tony stewart driving for richard childress
does that mean you can use it outside of AT&T?
Exports=Weak USD$? Is the plan to prop up Am mfg at the expense of high-tech economy? Good for unions; bad for college grads. Demagoguery.
I came home yesterday and realised someone stole my thesaurus i was lost for words
why ridiculous??
Of course, baby. But I need you in bed.
"No problem can be solved by the same consciousness that created it. We need to see the world anew." Albert Einstein
I'm curious, did mirror writing work well for you? I wanted to suggest it to my school for some of the the kids I work with!
you're not a jinx baby ;) lol
Great work by outgoing MSCHE chair Dr. Michael Middaugh on keeping msche current, relevant, & sustainable. A great communicator!
I see :) We have kinda solutions that you can come korea or I can go to Japan :p hahah. I'm studying in my univ :(
love the chair, great job!
I missed the Kentucky/Kansas #nationalanthem, but based on my feed it was outstanding.
Just finished first jui-jitsu class. I liked it!
I wanna text you so bad...but I'll feel annoying to text again after you haven't responded...
yeah! You'll have to tell me which apt #
Today #Easter hours, open at 11am and Ribs from the GO! Bring the family and enjoy an Easter BBQ :)
Some guy on Mill just blew a fuse because nobody would tell him what was up!
Progress without Destruction: would simply not happen without & They are crazy, hard-working angels
Not if you send a message direct to Twitter. I am.
heart of a soldier! I'll be seeing you nxt wk David when I'm at !
I've got nothing against Monday mornings. It's the inspirational quotes that make me cranky.
A lot of mullets at the zoo today
are you feeling okay??
Follow back love....Thanks :)
Would love to read reviews of first season STC and parallel to language/metaphors for Girls.
Thank goodness is playing right now. Otherwise, I'd be watching aerial coverage of Peyton Manning arriving in Denver.
oh me oh my clippers and chargers!
hey.....which type of training?
What would you do if music didn't exist?
rain or shine,
Quote: "I Punch Small Children"
don't be!! I bet they'll love you! Haha
hell yea daz all it is to do & fuck wit deez skeezas
Stop in and meet our new bartender Anna, she started off her first shift playing Timber Timber. She's going to fit in just fine.
I am constantly updating twitter and facebook. I gotta stop that. No one curs.
Fuck in the ear.
dont worry we will throw that lead away
got that basketball practice tommorow
im that thing that tickles up your spine, and punches you in the face. ;)
studying for my test tomorrow and its math :o
Exactly. RT : I don wanna play adult today *thrash*
It can’t get any worse, can it? Obviously, it can.
RT : I feel a bit like today, I've had 3 cups of coffee in 3 hours! Lol!! <-- coffee: the shredder's weapon
Guardian Ad Litem training. Taking one for the team.
you need to lollx
Capsimax. Heard of it? It’s a hot pepper blend that claims to help you get a leaner, fitter looking physique.
Audience winner-Documentary-"Bill Cunningham New York" showing tonight at 9:15 at the Little.
thanks bro! Miss u!
Also braves beating up on the cards!
(Oak Creek) Vehicle on it's side. 1 patient in Med rig. Sorry I missed location
Cool, Pinterest has an analytics service. awesome. I like the 'Best of' listing.
I need a GHD in my house. I wonder if I can smuggle one as carry-on luggage onto the plane back to Australia....
Boo! RT : Large area of rain entering SW Wisconsin. Moving toward the Milwaukee area for later this afternoon.
returning from vacation isn't as painful if you answered emails during vacation.
Lifted. Crampy. Curled up with erry the pillow pet missing my other half. Goodnight.
good for you, I havent been on twitter as much, but same old stuff!
Just got into #instagram follow me
lol she's like 1 right?
yeah new faces are cool, but that's if they ever come in! It's like a ghost town over here.
Its that time of year
check out
lmao no.. I remember some of my lines but not all.. Im pretty sure we got this tho!
Pay day tomorrow, thank ya Jesus.
I was just at NAMM and the whole time I was thinking about my new favorite guitar player ; a Fender fanatic like me!
More hail downtown!
RT : Good luck on the war on drugs
yeah, they have no clue what to play though. So I had to try to get some song names for them
Is a disappointment. all i do is let people down im sorry everyone i wish i hadnt let any of you down
After pleasant drinks w/ & C.D. & Sneakz, enjoying Los Buckxz over 50% FG qua competent squad, backcourt exchanging wonderfully.
Indulge in deluxe tasters brought to you by to name a few
I FORGOT I HAD WORK TONIGHT THAT RUINS MY PLANS FOR TONIGTH DJALXV I SOUND SO REPETITIVE... TONIGHT
Thx! Changing my password now!
if the buzzer shot went in after bouncing on the floor does it count
RT: : Super stoked for reading of Nut City tonight!!
Yes, my bag arrived at 1:30aCT. Such a relief. London/Paris? Business or pleasure? Next mission Tweetup, u need to come.
haha. Music twins! I can't decide which I like more. They're both perfect.
Egypt wants to make it illegal to be able to bang your dead wife?? But what about closure?????
Agreed! It will be a nice addition to the waterfront.
Hold your breath before this wave crashes over you
POKER TIP OF THE DAY: Do NOT get into a "chat war" either live or online. You WILL get tilted/annoyed/angry/upset and lose your edge.
The activity data is good and there are lots of other integrations. The sleep data is pretty basic and not as robust as wakemate.
That funny? lol
Oh okay...phew! I was like, say whaa? lol
We are not conceding. We are actually just in wait and see mode.. You should try it sometime Neill.
Red Cross needs Type O negative blood in Mo. Less than one day's supply.
Well a beautiful day here in Ocean City, NJ. USA. I am getting ready to go to work. Have a great day everybody
I just spent 2 hours working on that list of my fav 90s jams! :O Let's do the time warp agaaaaaiiin!!! xD
-So many people and things
After an amazing week of events in Beverly Hills and Hollywood is heading home to SD!!!!
all that reminds me of are those awful Nintendo Simpsons' games.
I dreamed last night that I hung out w/ ..She showed me her record collection and asked me to play Hammered dulcimer in her band
idols biggest fan poo the guinea pig from Indiana.
Good morning and congrats! :)
but any whoo you found me lol!
day.. um! He has a point though you guys always be acting RETARDED! Atleast be a little bit mature when hes not present -.-
do u have anything new. No samples though?
Sweet. Dibs on the badass rainbow platforms!
19382828282 lbs. but it's still kinda sorta there. can't sleep
They actually did announced a new Galaga and Pac-man, IIRC.
Sent her the " :-P " cuz im NASTY!!
looking at positions in the KC Midwest area.
Step up in the club, lil mama bad<3
just got a demo of our music video, and its looking pretty awesome!!!!!
Bout to hit up this Academy party
#ItSeemsLike the world is such a horrible place and everything is stuck up and out to get you!!!
Told Siri I didn't want to write my dissertation. She said "I thought not." what a smart lady!
What about allowing users to comment on historical documents (for eg. thru user generated content) and it happens to be wrong?
thanks, I'm sure I'll come home empty handed lol
What on earth does Man Town smell like?
Rum, rhum, arrack, cachaça.... What's your favorite sugarcane by-product?
Have a good nite sad its going to end soon
HELP!Does anyone know how2cancel a bid on EBAY?I put in a bid4a 'Mickey Mouse outfit'&now it seems i'm6mins away from owning bo&his cabinet
Saying he was funny/witty/smart is an understatement.
Speak to my heart Lord, God~BAMM.
Cool. It is a pain.
She's always rushing me!
It's a nice choice if you value portability without sacrificing power. (4.4 lbs)
Haha RT : My favorite food is my girlfriend's vagina.
Aw, it makes you kinda feel sorry for him
RT : Just met a favorite journalism #wonk of mine, !
You have known me nearly half my life if you remember my Buick... AKA The Bulldozer!! LOL
you're preaching to the choir. I tweeted that link a dozen times.
I hve so much food in front of me I cant even be mad no more..smh
Logical over conventional placement every time. See 'Punctuation and human freedom' (Pullum 1984).
i have never seen anything there either so I think that would be a perfect first event :)
Get out an vote tomorrow people!!!
Byte! Bit by Bit!
Thanks for the follow :) -Ana
I hate fighting with the one person I want to talk with the most.
did you see what Kyrie did today?
I didnt hear His voice but I felt His arms around me.Thank you Lord
...Times of Grace (members of Killswitch Engage), Colour Revolt, You Hang Up (w/ Frankie Muniz), and many more! www.minervamusicfest.com
not me, no way. get real
RT : so formal! You are a scholar and a gentleman! Thank you kind sir!
Wed, September 28th Come to SET IT OFF! W/ Special Guest Patent Pending for $10adv ALSO APPEARING: Burn the Charts, Six Stories Told & more
you working?
Give yourself a Hi-5 if you made it down for last night. Give yourself a Hi-10 if you be here for Todd Bryant Band tonight!
Wow you sure are popular!
He can feel his legs! Anna and Bates, heartbreak hotel?
Chemistry midterm in a couple days.
I'm so reading Harry Potter and I'm so loving it. This Kona coffee and Anna's ginger cookies make it even better!
You know llama has two l's
One more post for the host! Eat the purple bitch! Lol
Love yourself first and everything falls into line. -- Lucille Ball
Happy Mother's Day! :)
Chen is my hero. I could never do that.
I hear ya, man. lol I has no money either xD
u r so cute.. Follow me back
hey yeah never thought of that before
And so it ends! Goodbye Wysteria lane.
Here we go again!!! Clarissa's & victor's wed!!!.
Hung out with Chris P tonight, think you might be able to convince him to vote against Walker in the next 2 months, I wasn't able to.
been going hard in the studio
Thanks for the tweet re: Dolby Voice!
What a beautiful church service for Whitney. I still can't believe she is gone. R.I.P Whitney Houston
Awe that's so sweet :)
not to mention I couldn't find the stage door! Where the hell is it?
I hope Romney camp can take advantage of the goldmine of ammo Obama is giving them to use on him
Stop by booth 1817 and learn about Summer Reader ! Demo begins in five minutes!
Yeah, I think they really biffed it on the casting. I pictured Malcolm McDowell as President Snow, not Donald Sutherland.
the Mavs win was after midnight, and Rangers lost on what was technically that same day (a.k.a. the next night)
wow that's quick! Your nuts day before Easter
Foods done.
not coming?? Bo!!!
If you can't avg. 8p 6r 3a in 10-12 min. Y are u even in the league. It's BS!!
i never win anything :((
All about the L today - National Lipstick day and National Lasagna Day. M on both
Hi -- we are following you!
Amy! Beach Boy Rad loves ladies. Any place who does not allow ladies,is no place for Beach Boy Rad.
cute article about you in USA today!!
"We may train or peak for a certain race, but running is a lifetime sport." -Alberto Salazar, marathon runner
“: Can't wait to buy me a bike!”you aint bout that CR life
Im still doing great in sports betting. Tryin to do better in mlb. I believe i got it now. I took toronto blue jays today! They beat kansas!
Today I'm playing "how quickly can Javascript crash a browser?"
Calling all Kansas City food truck fans, we need your help. What are your favorite trucks in the metro?
#LoveIt From on Facebook: 'Word to your mother.'
Wants a cupcake!
o we should get them done together cx
hilarious I felt I might have been the only person in America covering it lol
Hopefully Chuck takes Cam Cameron with him.
Well, if you do go (and you should), please seek out and/or and give em a hug from me!
Tonight and report on the humanitarian crisis in Syria. is live from the Syria/Turkey border 5pPT/8pET.
Edge sucks big time
Wellp time to ruin my liver and damage my Brain cells. Let's get summer started
I love to exercise on my treadmill :)
New Music Monday
But with needs Packers have.Doesn't the Neal suspension pretty much mean they will need a DE in FA.
Miss America 2012 miss virgin island os beautiful too
I saw that Scott was involved with it. Looks awesome.
Solve the problem by sword or spreadsheet. at
One. Last. Day.
Thanks Neicy RT : u can do it!!!☺(cheering u on)
Let me try this: MT "I like farts"
Omfg what nicolejust told me bout !>>> :D! I seriously started crying at the store(x
constantly wondering..
TX for the #econdev #ff. These folks are great -
The gardens and the did a total make over! Have a lot of mythology which I love
Thanks for the follow Saving my nickels and dimes for Sunday night. Hershey bar still costs 5 cents, right?
To get an idea of what these DVDs are like, take a sneak peek:
Looks like someone is almost to 600,000 followers :) Follow me?
Summer summer summer! It doesn't feel like summer yet, but I'm so ready.
Derby party!
It's hard enough when you BLACK and can't find a job but now you wanna raise taxes. Keep raising em & ya'll asses aint gone have sh.t
Second round
Anyone for carrot cake?
#IfITellYou i love you, will you promise to love me too? <3
is my best friend. ok, guys.
had me thinking I was at a data conference for a sec. Great metrics and integration between search, social, & ads
And then you ate them?
If I can't be Kristen Wiig, I would just like to be at a taping of SNL.
I never thought about doing that, but I think I will have to try it, sounds quite tasty.
I consolidated all the hats into a hat drawer and I feel pretty good about that
dude!!! you said u dont like jb anymore really. yet, look at ur pic!!!!!!!!!!!!!
After ripping Jeff Suppan across a variety of mediums yesterday, he Blanked the #Brewers in 5 innings. Im eating my Words and accept blame
If I'm not mistaken, there are 19 school days left, not including today.
I'm having an "I wunna punch my mom in the face" moment. Really bad.
Personal Twitter Goal: Always have more followers than tweets. So far so good
Nice finish Benny... #NOT!!!
i wish Justin notice me somedayy ! but i keep smiling
Or should I say Real hair Don't care!
S/O to all my real niggas
4 days to xmas! Can't wait :)
yes-I may set up at state st and old world 3rd this weekend thanks
Can we all pretty much agree turtles are awesome? I mean seriously, who doesn't love em?
plus the bible also says to exile women when they're menstruating. The picking and choosing of what to ignore...
August 1, 1975 - Billy Martin becomes Yankee manager. He replaced Bill Virdon.
haha it's cool. And nice
“: had a great time at #pdxduckbizlunch with you guys - Let's make it a tradition!”--agreed!
I nailed it.
Before Obama American mind set - "Get rich or die trying" The Obama Today Mind Set - "Get rich or claim benefits"
JUST ANNOUNCED...Chikeria and Herborn-Seelbach at German Fest this year!
That made my night
#WildCardWednesday Tim Wilson - "Dale Darrell Waltrip Richard Petty Rusty Awesome Bill Irvan Gordon Earnhardt Smith"
I do favor TWE as they hooked me up with a couple fingers of Black Tot Rum when I was there.
RT : Seems like twitter #TT just don't be poppin like they used to
Hitting up The Midway tonight to play with 7 other songwriters like and Lenny Lashley. Can't wait!
Is the research on whether those items will all fit into the same trash bag at the same time? :-)
THEY ALL LOOKED SO FUCKABLE WHEN THEY WERE SITTING THERE. UNF.
Nope. Who needs me when you have Brandon anyways?
WOOT WOOT!!! We're waiting in Minneapolis! Can't wait til you are on VIKING Drive!!!
yes. SM marks intensification -- not invention -- of reflexive impression/identity management.
on page four -took the necessary baking break. only a little bit more, I hope it gave me the energy to get it wrapped up!
Remember, February 9th is the A New Breed tour w/ and at ! We've got tickets for only $10!
RT What do startups , & have in common? All 3 will be at #TTO tomorrow night.
Finally made it home for the wedding. Fingers crossed I get back to DC easy to finish up grad school!
Thanks Newman
Had a my first good piano practice in a long time an it reminded me how much I love to play. Wish I had more time for it </3
AAAHHH!!!! Apparently its a freakin' spider army!!! "Sparta prepare for glory!!" You shall die spider fiends
you're more than welcome to join some time!
a little early to panic... strongholds yet to report!
While the # of games in which AL teams scored 10+ runs is comparable to 2010, the # in the NL is 33% lower.
Excited for #THENACA this weekend in NC! Performing at the Sampler Showcase on Monday. I hope it's like a Denny's Sampler...
What's with this weather, so cold! Need hot food!
Thank you for your insights tonight on
They are amazing, but it still won't be the same without MJ. Joe was right-can't go a day without hearing one of his songs.
meet my new tweeps: , ,
im glad you blocked me on twitter cuz you just saved urself from finding tweets about me and getting ur fucking ass beat
Just had the parents over for an amazing dinner. I didn't ruin the salmon!
Ed Sheeran. Triple platinum album. Best male solo artist Brit winner. I love you.
Who wants to be my Valentine and bring me Dion's?
wow rich folks even take cheating to another level, no FB or Twitter trolls for them lol
WHAT British pub food?! eats, breathes and sleeps Chinese! :-O
Happy Mothers Day :)
Thanks Tracey - You do the same.
No, I think it's more like "Tell 's mom."
Derrick Rose has missed 22 games (and counting) and the Bulls are in 1st place. Ha!
I hope not hahahaha
please follow me i love George <3 you are fans of george <3
First day of self employment - Done! I even got some work! Woohoo! I know it won't be easy, but it will be worth it in the end.
We have an office pool at my job on whether Michael Jackson's hologram will be white or black.
When stays awake just to tell me goodnight >>>
Absolutely up to my ears in strawberry cupcakes. Being a perfectionist takes up a lot of space...
Hello, Austin.
I'm attending so many concerts this summer. Going to three Thrice shows (punny), Murder By Death, mewithoutYou and who knows what else.
grrr no coming back for easter? What surgery is next?
I do so much research about books all the time that I'm not sure I'm a good indicator.
The gig tomorrow night at The Muse was cancelled, we are playing there on Friday, May 6th with Dungeon Promotions!
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers & mothers to be! We are only fathers because of you! Enjoy this beautiful day!
I want to hate the mavs in person tomorrow...
it's crazy how ever since I poured coke all over my ex-stepdad(he works for the school) EVERY TEACHER knows me by name! &before none did! xD
Researches say that the pill, bras and washing machines are the top 3 inventions that have changed women's lives. Washing machines? Pssh.
My daddy is bringing me home sonic in about an hour! :DD
YAY Friday! Go team!
You don't drown by falling in the water...you drown by staying there. It's time to get up!
Sushi and beer. I'm full and buzzed halfkahdksndk. I love my lady
NEW WEEKLY MENU & GREAT PATIO WEATHER = AMAZING FUN TIME!!! Come enjoy the weather with us!! HH 4 -7pm Great Food, Tasty Cocktails, Y NOT??
#IfObamaWasARepublican the GOP would have no issue with him. They would admire how he continued Bush's wars & other mess
#chicago it's #rainy &#cold today! If you need to get somewhere find out where is Rollin' !!
In prayer it is better to have a heart without words than words without a heart. ~ Gandhi
Eventually, the NFL will take the Saints' Super Bowl Championship from 2010 and give the trophy to its rightful owners: The
Promote yourself for free on the promotion site on my page. :) If you don't need tell a friend that could.
that's bugged out! They better give you that day off since you paid for it
RT : www.These3Guys.com on its way designed by cc:
Take nothing for granted...
What are his hours? We'd make the trip down for such a cool establishment.
Very welcome! One of my FB friends posted the cinematic version of that moment last year and it blew me away.
#chicultural2012 How can you get involved more?? Attend one of the following...
We're sad to announce that Sweetwater Restaurant and Bar has closed. Let's support our local businesses and stop them from all closing!
RT : ATTN!: No #chillonthehill tonight in :( too rainy once again.
Rouser time! Minnesota, Hats off to thee!
but can it play shortstop? But seriously, is it making him a better pitcher?
Im a be up all night now
This Chevy commercial is so cool
": My son just spoke his first words! He said "Maybach Music!"" This made me think of
Have a great time tonight! :) The box looks amazing! Great job!
Off to city to have delicious Italian food along w/ buckets of wine so I can ignore fact that computer wouldn't turn on this afternoon...
just practically retweeted myself. You must not be able to read.
I Listen To It EveryDaay!!!!!!<3
with a healthy Cutler, and a happy Forte they already are!
no doubt!
Holy moly did you see that 3-pointer?
inspiration>idea>work>art>make money>repeat if necessary
Same! And that's great to hear! (:
Who's going to be at #SXSW? Drop me a message and we can connect up and share the awesome things we find.
and I'm proud to say I'm one of the dudes he follows but in a no homo way!
Raising cane??
had some big minutes in that first half, enjoy tonight and the next few days.
#ThatMiniHeartAttackWhen a cop catches you during
I ONLY ROCK WIDD WIT PPL DAT ROCK WIT ME :) NBS
where u think ur going young lady haha
any time! Will you check out my music and like my Facebook page? Facebook/laurelwrightmusic
CBS cancels CSI:Miami. But David Caruso says "They didn't fire me. I quip!"
hotel living, watching Dexter all morning. Every weekend is my weekend off.
Thanks for a great day of Hill meetings promoting vision and eye health programs at #CDC and
Was this the right thing to do? Are we doing this right? I was so right then, but it feels so...different now.
how are you?
digital, media and global are the 3 new literacies
RT #TheWalkingDead i'm sick of Shane.
Tonight is College Night! Don't forget your college ID's, so you can get your free chicken sandwich (:
Just left Jameel's I miss him. /:
It is National Volunteer Week! How will you volunteer your time this week or this year to celebrate volunteerism?
I left left. Apparently I didn't send my bye bye email to the right alias :(
Just created a 4 gallons of "Split Pea Soup" colored paint! We are selling it for $20.00 If interested in purchasing call us 404-997-8011 RT
8 more followers till 400.Thanks.Contest or games soon:]
its so good. Love dangling then going top shelf.
Looking for Records Coordinator in Oil/Gas Industry in Houston, TX...90K! Email me at
I love how the computers in this school don't work... Can't search up things to kill time..
i want the one thing video :o
If u can't walk a mile in my shoes u can't say shyt about wat I do
really- are you at panel now? Looking into it..
Everytime seduction by eminem comes on i get super geeked
I don't care what ANYONE says.. I am going to party and have fun
asdfghjkl we get to creep him all day! ;)
yeah, let me know, well, good luck tomorrow, im going to bed
Just watched the ledge.. Good movie . What would you do ?
better at soccer and softball. The ball is too small for me to hit because I'm used to the big yellow balls!!! ;)
what reason?
Love your ebook! Just starting with private practice; worried about family insurance & startup cash.Big dreams!
The future freaks me out.
Congratulations to our students who are done with finals, and good luck to those who have not -- so close to the finish line!
Don't forget to sign up for free computer classes for the month of March. Pre-register online at 282-4630.
Help? Ideas of what to add to mom-built Wiki (trying to intro. web2.0 to willing teachers) for field trip w/5th graders to commutercars.com?
Nicks mine! COME AT ME
Trying to do a little pinning here and there, it's so very visual. It appeals to my crafting and cooking alter ego...
lol:) why do u think ur mean?
Police lining up around edge of Vietnam Vets, speaker says "know that this decision is your own"
alone with my host stand for the next 2 hourss... fml
take Me with you !
I figured that's how it would be, but it's alright. We shall find something to do!
go follow plz... i just wanna jerk ;D
i love ur hair ??
Well I can make that happen!! Im giving Britt a helicopter ride next Thursday! Should be fun!
in the sink or do you have a dishwasher?
Thanks to everyone at Kaufman, Rossin who wore jeans today to raise money for - they are a deserving organization!
Unfollow this page now and follow my new one this page got hacked
haha i know. But ill try to get there earlier tomorrow.
RT : I want Mexican food
please don't play matchmaker. That's my job ! 
what happened? Low key crowd?
Neil Young. Good night.
Benefit of closing the store last night yet getting DT on time: early out for #HappyHour!!
Thank you for the follow, Alexander
My wife says: "we're having corn on the cobb so that Randall will get a TD." I think we are having corn every game. Great return.
I'm horrible at the waiting game. Hashtag eager.
Time to get that Obama/Biden 2012 sticker
May have hit your acct limit - 100 MB by default but can be raised by your RW admin. Check with your lib for help w/ that.
Finally, caught up with every episode, with season 4 of FRIDAY NIGHT LIGHTS. so good.
people haven't seemed to make that choice in 30 years.
Everybody please go report and block @/stealyocheese she was cyberbullying me
we back tomorrow same time same plaaaazzzze ;-)
Just heard 2 NEW demos! w/ #WEDOINWORK! Side Note: The G rated version of Damn Straight is Darn Toot'n
She always looks sad, though. Does DF ever smile anymore?
Foo Fighters are playing. I'm having a 90's day. Now all I need is a poncho
Cuz She Ask If We New Yu Nd We Was Lyk Yeah Dats Our Bro .
lol i <3 skittles.. and m&m's
#internship RT : We need bloggers & interns, if interested please contact
knowing you'll be on national tv, and still housing a coors light. NICE!
Cripes. Making sure I'm abiding by the formatting rules for my thesis is almost as hard as writing the damn thing.
Aw.... I'm glad your feeling better.
I just wanna sleep for like 3 days straight
I think that was NSFW, but I'm afraid to click again to check. I closed that tab so fast I think I discovered the Higgs boson.
PS, I added you to my personal twitter account if you recently were added by a random stranger, it was probably me.
Apparently I'm crazy!!!!!
Miley Cyrus is back on twitter ! Cambio said this !
yes please!! What is this party you speak of?!!
Michael Jr was SO funny. Thanks Gateway Church in Southlake. Can't wait till he comes back Sept. 9th.
Old ass WHITE man says to me, "only way this country will get better is if Obama gets re-elected" there is hope
quit tweeting at eork
Just downloaded my free audio files from Check it out!
I am incredibly tired.
MegaUpload mega oh no
Glad you liked it, there's some interesting stuff in there...
sucked, the usual.
Congrats to !! What an awesome day for her getting a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame!!
#Authors #followfriday sign up 4 her newsletter and get her "Publishing Tweekly" report-brilliant
dogs always win
Well Happy Early Birthday Then ! Haha (:
Bikinis cover 90% of a woman's body. Leave it to me to keep looking at the other 10%.
Positive meeting with Congressman Cleaver's staff on federal and state charter school issues for
Well that was awesome...
So I've been in three music videos
he also sent me a picture of u idk why
did u get momma something ? :)
Eden B from Rock Tavern, NY just saved her spot for our intensive at New York Performing Arts Center!
My best friend asked me to do her makeup for prom!(:
he's not going to his daughter's graduation at all bc she gave her mom more tickets. How petty can you be? It's HER day
If you suspect that I'm drinking to avoid thinking about the family friend who was beaten to death this week, you're right.
what's the difference between an onion and a whore?
It sucks to be you right now
get silly on www.aaron.tv
Boo-hoo, sad story
haha someones butthurt! its ok take ur frustration out on me if it mkes u feel better about urself
Sometimes you just have to steal talent.
#Solidarity from #MD-US. Protest Music 4 the 99% on
Thanks! It was fun! RT : I just saw you!! I want to eat that pasta right now!
Making sweet tea :)
I'm going to Im loving that title#WIFEY. Lol
I don't think they are using a piece...
hahaha! I believe you! Our brother was good at making a racket.
who is the presumptive non-HOFer? Clemens?
Thank you! I'm always more comfortable in a place once I know a bit of the ecological and geological context.
lol you were in my dream it was so scary
That sounds so delicious, I could eat my phone.
I also recommend homemade bread pudding.
Sorry people but if it hasn't been reported on TMZ yet then it isn't true... Sad but true
We wish our followers nothing but the best in 2012! Continue to be great and nothing less than that!
Has anyone gotten their tickets for the upcoming tour? If not, go get it!
I reeaaaaallly want to hear 's "I'm Not A Gangsta"!! I love that jam!
Teachers are making us do a field sobriety and drug test
Damn Justin is Desprate is the second trending topic ........... all because of boyfriend.
2 damn shots off for tieing 3s & neither goes! Nuggets: your still losing the series. Thanks for allowing World Peace back 4 game 1.
it doesn't matter what neighbors say abt GZ. What matters is what happened that night. And those tons of times Z called 911 may b a factor
I am working. I was reading on the bus ride to the office this morning.
had a hayday, leaving the bay tonight, catching next flight-thers a lot in sight and going to LA for the day.
great list (including 2 of our DuPage Forest Preserves).
The ice cream truck jingle was developed in 1960. It was a 3 minute song on a loop. Today many trucks use a 30 sec version to advertise!
Andrew Sullivan spotted riding without helmet at Dupont Circle.
What??? RT abc store closed tomm???
i'll take note of that. Thanks Jenna :)
it's a horror film too! Haha they seem to follow me
thanks for RT - have a fabulous day!
So much to do but so tired. Sleep first. Always a good rule.
#MyPastRelationships are man where do I begin lmfao not enough on twitter
More writing next week for a series of new short video projects, plus some design/creative projects to keep me busy.
oh hay welcome to the twitta world bitch
It feels more and more like summer every day
About to have a preview with company members! #behindthescenesoneill starts now!
#RimaIsDope RT : Another cloudy day in LA :(
No hit perfect game today
is it beer 30?
!!!!! RT : Music take me away with you. Wherever you go, I will I follow
Direct correlation between my home and my life-state. When I'm worried, upset, unfocused, I notice my home gets cluttered.
I haven't payed for a video game in so long
At the cowboys game GO COWBOYS
Why The Ciara Song "Love Sex Magic" ft. Justin Timberlake Is So Orgasmic? Damn It I Have An Erection Right Now! xD :$
- Yes sir, TWO GAMES AWAY! Newcastle & QPR to get that trophy! Phenomenal team, from a phenomenal league. ;)
heard your Nelly Furtado cover. You're really talented!
Ha! I've already gotten two debriefing emails from my hotel roommate. Can't wait to see it in person.
"Strawberry Fields Forever, was inspired by a Salvation Army house near Lennon's childhood home
follow simply because 94000+ twitter addicts cant be wrong
Someone ran their car into the front doors of the school...
We think your a joke shove your hope where it don't shine.
Making God's perspective My perspective through Faith - Believe what He said not what you see!
Benjamin button is basically a four hour or longer movie.... But it was one of the greats :)
I've known Harvey for over 40 years and I worked with him on the Burnett show for 11 years
so... how many of you have voted in the 12th District so far today? let us know.
Heckle a comic and get tazed!!! Hahaha. I love working at the
The prudent person may direct a state, but it is the enthusiast who regenerates or ruins it. -Edward G. Bulwer-lytton
RT: "Ron Paul made an announcement but I missed it." #RonPaul will be concentrating on collecting delegates. He's in the race
Tony Stark >
headed to get the trailer to get in the road to Haubstadt!
Hope the weather clears up for the Belk Bowl...
#libchat Q8 Hell no. Information is king. Agreed
25 days till I am 40 weeks. So really anytime between then and now!
There I go, overthinking everything again.
We like the Joakim Noah-Willis reed comparisons this week, but the #Bulls need more than 4 points from their emotional leader in Game 6.
Few things remind me of the 'Christmas spirit' like people fighting over Air Jordans & pepper spray.
my sis have me weak
Who wants to txt me? Im bored
follow first :)
Um, dude, you already have a ticket for tonight, don't you?
Why do I lock my doors and leave the windows down?
“: if you are ever kidnapped I have a few photos for the local news” Are any of them photos of me?
"Good wine is a good familiar creature if it be well used." -William Shakespeare, Othello
Fear and confusion are the enemies of creativity.
I feel you. I've loved that show for almost 4 years now.
text me
😒 lol RT : Now she saying she could see me in a baby blue polo whoa now Iam not drake
I hope we can fix this problem asap
From winning super bowl players will get $88k each, losers $44k each
False Brittish Accents playing the Wedge tomorrow nt and friday is Walri w/ Christine Grace. Brooks has Domestic Violin and Ben Lawler.
we can only hope haha
Garfield – Pull My Finger
FCA Banquet with and !!
Turned my phone bk on. It's acting stupid. I need a new one. 
I wish people would think before they are mean to people.
hence what they end up producing can't achieve any #timeless quality
The guy sitting next to me in class packed snacks JUST FOR ME, knowing I would be hungry. Sorry I have a bf but he is
Pocono and Cincy roadtrip reunion this summer i think so
South By Southwest in Austin, TX.
Looks like if I don't get this last basketball option...then I'm going to be coaching basketball on the side until next season rolls around.
Speed cameras suck.
Nothing good happened for me today.
I thought I was a foodie before, but going vegetarian/vegan has made me love real food so much more.
"Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss you will end up among the stars..."
I guarantee you they'll give the first DLC away free. They're not THAT stupid. They're not exactly earning great PR
<3 i look like sex xo
what a sweetheart :)RT : Spending part of the day donating my collection of vintage 2010 cardboard rectangles to
American reunion with the Nathan I think so let's do it!
Isn't it grand?
Home team on left, away team on right. Correct me if I'm wrong but isn't that the norm? And even of we flip it to mimic other US sports...
Headed home
I bet you're looking for
Boom One Records newest release by Hope Massive, "Itani" is now available on all online stores.
live tournaments always sound fun until you are there for 30 mins and start thinking wtf am i doing here ugh
RT : was #AMAZING last night at !! Tonight he takes over !! Are you ready #Miami ?!?!
I'm at Asuka Japanese Steakhouse in Spring Hill. Not a social call. Nobody here yet. Just waiting. What are you doing?
I knew it! Showers possible thru 10 am. RT Raining in #CityHeights #NormalHeights #NorthPark on the way to downtown...
I'm happy about Chase but disappointed with Goff.Out all year then he wants to jump ship : (
haven't tweeted for what seems like ages now...
<3 Happy Mother's Day!! <3
The best victory is when the opponent surrenders of its own accord, It is best to win without fighting.
Gorgeous! I will be watching online 2nt :-) Miss u guys! X
Officially in NC and am extremely grateful right now for all the wonderful friends I have been blessed with.
I am making a clean break/running alongside black stallions/self-entitlement/earthly powers/in my wake/next stop/eternity/freedom/realized.
Well, that was just about the best first date-ish thing I've ever been on.
Guess who's the beautiful girl in my icon.
southern boys<3
#lastthursday vendors, bars, patrons: where ya at! Announce thyself and thy specials using last Thursday hashtag
This jack and coke is exactly what I need to bring me down from my caffiene high.
There are few things better in life than seeing the #Cubs implode! Go #Cardinals!
Thought this was funny. Retweet from someone: "Chewbacca accidentally shot Luke in the foot once. It was a wookie mistake."
RT Nice!!!! Widespread Panic's "Climb to Safety" during the #Phillies highlights!!!
Teaching to a full house! Digital Marketing Strategies class
George Zimmerman needs to get the chair
when you have a nice hot shower after a long day
it's ight bro and thanks !
Your CSS 3D project is fantastic. Great work!
They will consider a 10% "good will" discount if we spend $78 to have them inspect it again. They had it 1 month ago.
I asked what she wanted 4 lunch this a.m. I heard veggies & hummus. She thought I had pizza. Just got her lunch, no pizza. :(
Making moose cupcakes is so much harder than anticipated.
With a big burly stranger stalking him did Trayvon have any "Stand Your Ground" rights? just wondering...
Good morning from Fort Wayne. Trying to figure out how I'm going to get everything done before
I'll grab some grub... be there by din!
“: Tomorrow should be fun ^_^”
hey...........looks like we're gunna be playing summer ball together again....... :)))))
and furthermore....bedfellows, make politics strange
Steak and lasagna for an after-school snack >>>> 👍
she's so chunckyyyy <3“: she's my new fave family member 😘”
Heading to Springfield tonight for my show at Mordecais on Main 930-1230. Come hang out with us-BH
I love learning new phones
Anybody know where I can get a hat made with iron on letters in #Baltimore (White Marsh/Perry Hall)? While I wait? Lids?
sure. but the word annoying is pretty harsh. oh well. can't plz everyone. :)
takes me back to advanced philosphy in college...especially reality and subjectivity.
Girl Scout alumnae are 14% more likely to vote than non-alumnae.
how many ways to say "delicious"?
need more followers come join me on twitter and i'll follow you back
Painted by bathroom today. Its nice and moody...just like me :')
Thank you!!
I keep accidentally bringing up source code on web browsers. Is that a sign?
yea that's the time is ok the later the betta
shit I can't either. Ready for that shit.
Baby make that ass clap **clap *clap**
#welcometoparadise #codyjakeustream shoutoutt to Megan, Sammy and Jackie in NY ???? Love you guys&your randomness !
interesting... I feel the exact same way about something else.
“: "Life is a game in which the player makes a fool of themselves" -- Violet gets all the best lines.
I wanna c the hunger games :/. Anyone know if its good?
When im bored I take pics and delete most of them -___-
I have printed, but I have no tape. (Oh yeah, the shovel!)
Oh my gosh, that is exactly what mine and evans look like. Hahaha
White Rabbits are using Twitter... hell
I'm supposed to be doing my homework right now, but I'd take the chance of you following me over a passing grade anyday.. ;)
Eat 1 cup lima beans per day to helps reduce cancer
Don't forget patio opens at 10am for brunch tomorrow and Sunday!
looking forward to coming back to L.A. in April!
follow me please i love you so much <3 "
"You must trust and believe in people or life becomes impossible." Anton Chekhov
that is such a frustrating road to me. Baltimore had such a great highway plan that just got completely tossed for politics.
Who's getting ready for #BostonMarathon?
Would have loved to hear you and your mom at USC. Any other talks scheduled in LA?
I'm left-handed, but I struggle more with clipping the nails on my right hand than the other way around. I don't get it.
Emergency car battery recharge meant walking to hippie lunch and new pea plants.
‎"alittle bit naughty is a little bit nice, she's a whole lotta glam, sweat sugar sex spice." (;
Hey thanks Maura! Hope to see you around some time soon :)
If this new guy starts using a fake Cajun accent, run.
Here here!!!!!! I completely & totally agree. Was in a situation a few years ago where that happened way too often!
Best hitter on Giants squad= "pitcher" awesome
Love the photos, particularly the black and white ones...you're so gorgeous! ;)
That was a nice nap, time to head back to the library
At #nsvfsummit keynote: despite innovative tools and approaches, "We are losing our battle in the court of public opinion"
The whole thing is a bit of a Rorschach test, me thinks.
Congrats to first win of the season
good morning heather, happy wednesday to you
hate to admit it, u r right. MCN in PDX was the 1st I worked on & yr committee rocked. No disrespect 2 Austin/Atl.
Been needing to get things done the past two nights, but Friends has been on spot :/
9-hour educational neuroscience course today. Loved the topic, plus good info, but ready to engage in something besides a lecture.
Halo Modders Form Xitol Softworks, Working On Zone: The Battleground The latest attempt from a mod group to become a legitimate design st
why thank you.
Had so much fun with you @ Mixology yesterday!! Will he email us the recipes? Oh, & happy Mother's Day! :)
the game kind of oozes hipsterism so it isn't that surprising
Oh, Lml Word.
u have over 80 millions haters in Turkey ,all media talks so bad about you.
Friday night! Tampico cheers to a good night! :)
smart, sexy and critical. The whole package. :-)
If you live near Mandarin, Florida check out my booth at the Creative Arts Fair in Mandarin tomorrow from 10 to 4. Http://dmgartstudio.com
Max was surprised and very pleased.
": Davis up 61-42 with 3:19 left. Pirates are already in the four-corner offense."
Stryker Sonoma Winery & Vineyards Here's the original article from Sunday's SFGate.com .. 47 minutes ago · 1 ·LikeUnlike · Comment · Share
Finding $82 in your wrist wallet, that you haven't opened in like 2 months... Fckn awesome!!!!
Hm... Democrats have been at 41 for a while now...getting a little nervous
Glad to have you back in GB. Congrats on the new deal!
I just signed up for the "Derby Day" competition. Fingers crossed my Husband or I win.
I don't!!! I've only used it at gas stations and Chipotle. haha
Anxiety at the dentist! I hate the feeling of numbness!!!
I feel good about it. He is on my fantasy team as well! “: hopefully true! He's on my fantasy team! #Masters”
Better than the whole table exploding with other things.
Are you dealing with a physical card or the app?
It was great - thanks so much!!
Ugh I want some weave !
Apple store in Waikiki
who is Helsip going to guard on KY ? Even in a zone this is a major advantage for UK !
1st. Time Customer! What a great experience and the food, Wow! I'll be back! Thank you.
hello from my laptop!!!!
I hate that croissants exist, and I hate that I know about them.
Who has a #gifboom? Follow me, I'll follow back:)
Watching MONTY MOOSE yes...Narrative for Alaska animal show and then special on Iditarod races and the sled dogs.
what does Magic not own or have a percentige of...he's the man!
If you're not willing to put in the effort, don't expect it in return.
Imagine if Val Kilmer was your uncle.
It been a long day n it still ain't over yet
First Italian class tonight I'm not nervous. There are no grades. Why would I be nervous? I'm not. Totally cool.
SHOUTOUT TO <3 GO FOLLOW HER!
so how do you know him exactly? :)
He sweet
remember the Eddie Murphy scandal we don't need that kind of press for you
That's all he does!
Its raining and humid, and middle schoolers are still riding bikes
Best part of rehearsals? Watching what goes on after hours with #KINFam I laughed way too damn hard
Exactly. If people keep paying to see crap while ignoring great unique films, that is what they will continue to get.
Drummers, man. Our guy has them in bright red.
things that came true: "music, microcode, and high speed pizza delivery"
Good morning!!!! Finishing the last of the new registrations. It is a good day. :)
Would be honored to connect w/ u conf next week! will present at
Tonight is gonna be way too nerve-racking... Bruins better fucking get out of this series on a high note.
Favorite preschooler book of the week: Ten Wriggly, Wiggly Caterpillars. Tactile, colorful, counting, rhyming fun--great gift for toddlers!
Playing tonight @ the Mad Frog with AC30 and Jody Stapleton and the Generals. Come rock out with us.
#PieceofAdvice If you go to Alaska, do not feed alcohol to moose, it’s illegal. Bet you didn’t know that.
I know - it's every week - another child with autism wandered into death - usually by drowning.
#FRIED PICKLES !
I know I am wayy behind with this... But... I LOVE #pandora .. Lol I just discovered how much I enjoy it
Please take me back......
When is honda
Politicians avoid the term "lies" when talking about opponents. We shouldn't. Scott Walker lies. Daily.
I watched the game and Perkins did an admirable job late on Bynum. When Kobe got it cats stood around watching.
I saw and it's pretty true. I'm glad you think that way! :D
By 10:30am my mom had already tended to my cold and plucked a sliver out of my finger. Oh to be home again.
Prayer, clean living.
i'm on vacation in nyc and u?
what are u doing instead?? Sadness
can't! in studio producing Club Kane til midnight! i'll sleep AFTER the morning show tomorrow.
Nephew really jus fell asleep tho
#sca2012 Stanford is really off and running with born-digital. We all knew that, but now I know how actively and well they're progressing.
The worst part of the train2airport ride isn't her off-key singing but rather the images of Simon Cowell in an awful white v-neck t-shirt.
My bracket is done. But at least I got to see a 15 seed beat a 2 seed.
His signs annoyed me because of his anti-semitic nonsense during his campaign. That's bad enough, but to litter, too? Rude.
My Dad is expressing interest in getting an iPhone. Oh boy!
to live is to balance ...wants ...needs ...happiness and responsiblities wit motion ....living thing grow - dead mind grow nothin but death
You only genuinely believe something if it changes the way you live. Using that criteria, what do you truly believe?
my bad mama!!!! Next time, which will be soon, You and I must party for sure, I was in the dance halls learnin how 2 dagger
"Diverse people," not "people of diversity"
rum raisin!
has to be Owen's last game for us. haven't seen our no 7 in fuckin ages!
just dropping a hello to you.
#imagine Austin: Mom this is My New girlfriend [Your name] Michele: Ah that's the Girl you Talk about Night and Day Austin:Mom!
- I Loved You in "Happythankyoumoreplease", and look forward to seeing more great work from you!
thank you!
I had my tweets protected for like 40 mins . I cant live that life . . lol .
Well, hello there, music man.
RT In Christ Jesus, the law of the Spirit of life has set you free from the law of sin and death - Romans 8:2
There's something so comforting about a mediocre ambient airport light installation
Youk homer after bobby v recap.
you ain't gone @ him doe ?
We're your pet odor specialists for Austin and Central Texas!
I just realized that I have been single for more than a year now. We!
Those people that you could retweet over and over again, but you don't because you don't wanna seem like a stalker..
i just found out that #GoldForever is going to be my class' prom song! :)
Party over here, party over there
who told you my middle name?!
Thx for including me in your daily :)
I know ill be on the way in 30
how's it goin
": “: i think the love sydnee has for niko is so cute” awe" Its not as cute as the love sydnee has 4 me tho.
All I can think about is getting a new tattoo to celebrate 2012!! Maybe a quote, or a tiger since I was born in the year of the tiger :)
But first marshall to bears add nothing cause
Thanks Melissa. I need to take more time to learn how to maximize my twitter use.
Thank you for naming award for Best Lounge or Event after our founder Diane Naegel. Great honor!
i hope you're right.
Love getting these weird looks while out in public wearing my onesie. Lol
Vote for Camp Kesem - Chase Comm. Giving Awards - providing free summer camp to kids whose parents have or had cancer, www.clickforkesem.org
Oh WHAT to do with my holiday weekend.....
go take a fuggin shower Erin. U smell
sore throat :/
It's abt even
Not liking the new TweetDeck at all. Kicking it to the curb and looking at alternatives.
Words that resonate: Knowledge Sharing - Strategic - Innovation - Value-added intelligence - Decision-making - Competitive Advntge
Just can't get down with a potential state hoops tourney move to GB. I hope Madison and the Field House get their stuff together.
Happy 4th of July! Come in for a half Red White &Blue Shake (strawberry,vanilla&blueberry mix)..free with your $12 purchase! Valid July 2-4!
“No one is perfect until you fall in love with them.”
#MMchat Listening + Engagement = secret sauce of social
FOR ALL MY FOLLOWERS . FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT !!!!!!
Fast food is (often) trash food.
Hey bro I want one too! Those are awesome just before bed :-)
Somehow that seems within the realm of possibility ": I am just waiting for the day someone hits your parked bike"
The letter to Kaner is pretty much everything I want to tell him. So perfect.
#IU #Crean tried to defend his decision to end UK rivalry matchup ... if you scared go to CHURCH! LOL
Anyone have a 153 book they would be willing to let me have/copy
part of me can't believe it. Then again Bs have played more games in last 2 years than anyone.
I'm always where I should me
i already know yall do nasty stuff in public! Bt yeah get a room, and remeber to hide the condoms... Ha
haha alright. Night
At the semi conductor conference... Wow. This stuff is way over my head.
The number of men and women age 65 and older cohabiting outside of marriage nearly doubled between 1990 and 2000.
I guess it is literally & figuratively. He's pretty sexy in the suit though...pr. ;-)
Oh course I relate that to coaching. Every coach is a project manager! Manage people, manage how you speak with them and be willing to adapt
Did you find the pot o'gold Danny? :)
Who wants to be on the FOX40 news tonight?
ok. I'll read it and reply dear : )
Can we make tomorrow #MildlyFearsomeFriday? I'm starting a revolution.
Great to have one in downtown Louisville!
Can't wait to start my own family. My family now is too fucking fucked up.
I was actually gonna tag you in the tweet lol
is pleased to announce that Jin Kim has joined as a licensed salesperson. All the Best!
Just listened to Giddy on Up and was thinking... I just LOVE . Nice work lady.
Sounds yummy! Have fun =)
We don't have many rats in CO... Another reason I don't live in DC or NYC
I Need YOU to be apart of the Atlanta Underground Music Awards Great Networking Event
is growing up she's getting her first tattoo 
#FF & for all the real #CAPS playoff talk all the time!
A BIG shout out to our followers so far. Thank you for the support!
Can't wait for the power shower
I think Tony's got this in the bag
Did you have relaxing weekend? Let's hear about it.
hard to throw strikes when the ump won't call the strikes you throw
Why some ppl complaining about what other ppl have in der bio does it really matter wat dey have at da end of the day???
#np Moving on - i love that song <3
RT : I fear we won't have Taj Gibson for much longer. Once that rookie contract expires...teams are gonna be thirsty for fam.
Therapists - are you attending the 2012 CSM in Chicago? Stop by our booth for more information on Career Opps
OUT THE STUDIO ...NOW imma z goodnight world...for now
R.I.P. Mark Edward Lenzi July 4, 1968 – April 9, 2012 Two days older than my older brother. Gone way too soon
THAT WAS PERFECTION.
then why aren't you doing your work hm? haha
#Str8LykeDes... Shower then lokey until it's time to make some $$$$....
Oh. So this IS what I'm doing with my life.
Is this kid still talkin ?
Black Swan has permanently ruined nail clipping forever.
hacking patty ^_^ follow me :)
how many times do we escape death without knowing it?
The snow will not stop taunting me.
Omg I can't wait for the #BothOfUsRemix !(:
I was at an intersection and a truck rammed into me
Seriously? In that case, all things being equal, I'd rather hit the night game Fri, then day game/#Song1 Sunday . . .
You need to helicopter in! Traffic is beneath you, you're a diva legend!
In the #studio today, yesterday, and the day before... tomorrow, and Friday! #whataweek :-D
yeah, it's frustrating. But once the Bundy's, Machado, and Schoop get up here we're gonna be better. And we're okay now
Preparing for the #RocCityRising event at the #GeorgeEastmanHouse tomorrow. Who's going to be there?!?!?!
yup :p it sucks
Te amo Jenni!! Your songs have so much meaning to me!! You have helped me through some hard times! Love you momma!
RE: Monday "Fun Day." Lord save us from the "chronically cheerful."
#askellen what's your favorite ice cream?
he it's a lot better that way
the #oscars are on and everyone there can save with #save20 . we're just sayin.
Fire alarm issue in Swiss Re corporate headquarters is keeping me stuck on the bus and from going to work. #monday -__-
Lmao I remember when I was 9 and their son 13...i used to have a crush on him, lol, hahahaha.
Other Reasons You Might Sell Your Home It’s hard to believe it, but most homeowners are not alone in their feelings of worry, fear, etc.
Day off today, best Pittsburgh weather this year! great day to not be stuck inside
Sorry! You can have the next one.
A whales vagina.
hey stop pretending to be on CSI Miami. You weren't even on The press release.
I thinks my older 11yo son has #ODD on top of his #ADHD plus #anxiety but how do I fix this? Drs we hav seen want to giv pills
Thanks for bringing The film to Pittsburgh. Disappointed I'll be out of town for the event.
Now following you. MI in the HIZZY.
I'm boring and I want go to my house like right now
Missing you at Taste WA this year. Shayn's here :)
I felt the presence of a predator in my vicinity. Thank the lawwwd!
“: I'm jealous, I get to listen to shitty ass 50s at work
Never make the same mistake twice, There are so many new ones, Try a different one each day.
How to Pop a Balloon in 300 Easy Steps [VIDEO]
I get home and Jodie wants to watch "A Leap Frog's A Tad of Christmas Cheer." Why me? It is only April!
you have an address I can send you a Dear Submarine cd to?
Count up
on-time, within budget projects expected, personal attention and responsiveness now most important to clients
Jamel Johnson looked solid. He has some good decision makers and players around him to learn from. He's in a good place.
I'm busy grinding its my time for God's favor it's my time 2b blessed!! I believe in my future if I don't who will!!!
I can only imagine how odd my Spotify playlists have looked to Facebook friends today. Lot's of terrible 80's music!
It’s Really Getting Bad When You Start To “Envy” Homeless Men…
Good Morning Disney Fans! 79°F Current: Partly Cloudy Wind: N at 0 mph Humidity: 96%
hello! What's cookin?
“: #Pisces can be extremely lazy when they aren't motivated.” #truth ;)
Y'all better catch up!!! Not with me...with Technology!
Even Jason messes up! LOL He just told the story of mixing up our guests this week. Thanks to both Peters for your senses of humor!
Good thing I get paid this week
Darren Collison doing a great job for Pacers off the bench...picking up where he left off vs Orlando.
three designs :)
i would have recommended just that: leave recycling on the drop off centers doorstep, then called 311 to come pick it up
Brendan Shanahan would suspend Ron Artest for at least 50 games. Intent to injure, elbow to head, injury, plus PREVIOUS HISTORY
keep emotions in check and apply the pressure. Keep playing for your teammates...smart, hard and have fun boys. Let's go Pens!
is without a doubt the best player in the country.
Lack of demand for iron, no railroad infrastructure, orientation of iron, and the significant amount of waste make the mine a uneconomical.
Was it a wilted salad? :D
Lol yes! RT S/o to for throwing up on my foot in pigskin
Win or Lose I'm getting laid either way! So basically even if I lose I win
yeahh I know but my mom wants to go. I told California was way better.
Catch our CM out tonight for Music Exhibition w/ !
his words are like an electrical joint to my junk
I've been meaning to do that as well. Still haven't got around to it yet. Probably too late.
Zappa's Second Law: As any conversation about language grows longer, the probability of a mention of Valley Girl speech approaches 1.
no comments on the KG all time milestone? if it was Lebron you wouldn't stop talking about it....
It is...that's why I'm procrastinating on Twitter. SMH.
Glad to have you!
yay! I'm hoping for that too. :) have a safe flight!
toenails are freakishly long
God damnit, you are so fucking annoying. Just shut the fuck the up.
Cats > People
If my Farfar were still alive, he would be 100 years old today.
so glad to here sasha's keeping you company. you're never really alone if you have a cat. or, more accurately, your cat has you.
In other news, I'm consider buying a pair of boat
Looks great! Can't wait for the conference. Just a heads up that it looks a little funky in Chrome.
Ikr i wish they would have stuck to his character too.
Wait a minute... it doesn't show what you've read and haven't read? No way I'm giving that up! Back to old TweetDeck it is.
Honey!!!!! Ur gonna get my tea clocked!!!!! Delete!
oh well, had no way to know...when does it get cold there?
we are like you! We want to make those lives of people in relationships better. Get in touch! Lets make the world a better place!
Seriously? Rory just out drove them both with a three wood?
chocolate chip pancakes & mod sun >>>
The Macbook Pro contest winner has been contacted. We're awaiting response from the person for permission to make their name public.
Fashion in Spain is for the young: every girl under 32 is in short shorts often paired with tights and boots. Patterns are mixed and loud
Yes! Which is why the *disappointed* tone from left critics seems misplaced.
This #survivor is kinda boring so far. I guess I like co-ed tribes better.
gotcha, that makes more sense. And I don't know why you are on that list, especially the first one mentioned.
#NoLie, My cat has been laying down watching TV for about half an hour, So I turned off the TV, and he stared at me until I put it back on.
yes, I am Jenna's mother. aren't I lucky? rock on!
so... amy winehouse died this morning at 27 years old. Police say its 'unexplained' but oviously it was a drug overdose
Got a NullPointerException today by re-instantiating something that had already been instantiated
HAHAHAHA. *loses mind*
Definitely.....we have to link up
Hey, sorry. I haven't gotten to check you guys out yet. I'll be sure to let you know when I do though! :D
forgot to poop yesterday. Now can't poop until tomorrow. Want to poop.
Bear walks into a bar. Bear says, "Hi... ... ... I'd like to order a drink." Bartender says, "Sure, but why the big paws?"
nice, I am a crossover into entomology, I do what I can to keep up with pathology.
So excited for the Symphony's wonderful time and all the encores! Amazing!!
Two other friends to follow: (cool event tonight!) and (beer coming very soon!)
I hate that they give handicap passes to people just for being fat. Aren't those the people that actually need the extra walking?!?
“Don’t find customers for your products, find products for your customers.” - Seth Godin
#DesireThursdays- give me your desire and i will place it at my alter- in honor of the launch of the new spring mastery program!
Deja vu all over again. RT : Hamilton just opened Game 2 with a two-run homer by the flag court. Might have hit Eutaw Street.
Vince Vaughn to Star in U.S. Remake of Starbuck
I love Starlite! Have fun!
you answer everybody but me .. I'm sad, I cry
1 thing to see QR Code on document, another to apply as training activity. The combo of ID & new tech often surprises (I hope).
I DID!!! Got to try out the new floors. You can do Triangle on your mat now. Best. Triangle. Ever.
Hurdled. Again. OUTS ARE YOUR MOST PRECIOUS RESOURCE, CLINT! Quit giving them up like a teenager on prom night.
now that's more than a little cool!
..new kids on the block had a bunch of hits; chinese food makes me sick ;)
If there were no bad people, there would be no good lawyers
you sound like a drunk mess tweeting. Stop.
Jeez - pres of creative at EMI Music Publishing has never heard of Kickstarter
When I only begin to read, I forget I'm on this world. It lifts me on wings with high thoughts.
Reason to use Social Media Case #4 of 5 Distributed Brand Presence: Multiple brands/locations, scalable SM
.lick that icing off <3 ;]
Girl behind me on bus: only ur mom cares about your foreign service exam, grad school plans or friends already in the foreign service
I find your skeptical view on ice cream disturbing.. Who are u?
and I ain't even got started yet.
Lol k RT : I am now
Are there any haunted places we could visit and take along somebody special??!!! LOL
I never thought i'd see an end in sight
": Studies show taller men earn more money than shorter men." also shows people with last name #jonez earn more than
I am good. Working here at CNN. Living downtown.
Can't wait!!! RT : Going to see my sister/twin today
Already won over fan base? How? Guy left BoSox w/major mess 2 clean up. Theo = Fool's gold. Ricketts hired him in panic move.
Desire a #nudist special getaway $100 per night Caliente Resorts
My ears are being violated by a punk's racist BS playing out loud on the #DCMetro. What I wouldn't give for a small EMP right now.
I'm sorry... Do you wanna talk about it?
Haha, I am too!
WOW! When did Smashing Magazine start looking so freaking messy??? So much crap on the page. Yuk
It's never as bad as you think. It always looks better in the morning.
Okay. IF ANYONE FLIRTS WITH SARUH I'LL SERIOUSLY...do something very bad. So don't do it. OR ELSE.
Sources indicate that formed Maryland QB Danny O'Brien has made the decision to transfer to Wisconsin.
F$%^ that SHIT!
what's up
Congrats Bruce on your #12 jersey retirement! You were critical to our team's success and '03, '05 and '07 championships!
There should be a eating contest where you have to eat ONE and only ONE Oreo with the bag left in front of you. No one would win. Ever.
North Lake College in Irving, TX
Falling asleep with Blink 182 in my ears tonight :)
I am wearing a super cute new dress today and it's making me happy :)
A budget tells us what we can't afford, but it doesn't keep us from buying it.William Feather
The values of the religious right aren't held by most Americans -- Sean Faircloth
I'm sick, tired...and soo glad to be going home!
Bitch fuck kobe i hope he tear his ACL and brake his ankle next game .
Thanks for the RT!
Quick break by ; lead now 13-6, 3:05 left first half.
have a great party. What time does it last until/
Hunkering down for the storm.
Anna Loquacia?! Lmao!! :D Had a great night at the laugh factory with thanks for the best cookies ever!! <3
For my kids the bio-moms abandonment allowed my kids to grow without further abuse and they no longer live in fear of her wrath.
i want red in my hair like my twin.. NOW. (:
The Website for registratiion is www.edcampss.org We hope to see you there.
nothing fucking works out for me..
Hey more week!!! You ready for #GirlsWeekend !!!
Couldn't stay for too long.
what was this?
Great St Pats day, good friends, good music and good laughs.Had Matt our waiter Blushing.....He is a good sport and earned his beads ; )
I wouldn't go to twitter jail cause I'm white duh
Wait, Chloe? Do you mean Zoe?
hm btwn yr last place and this theft, sounds unsafe over there. Sorry.
I'm fascinated as well atm. Muse for a new play? ;-). That'd be interesting...
"My way of joking is to tell the Truth; it's the funniest joke in the World" --George Bernard Shaw
All done for the day! Thanks everybody for coming out and for following us! Huzzah!
Oregon's helmets
That moment when you can't get enough of one song, so it plays on repeat. Again and again and again.
RT Confidence is sexy but cockiness is a turn off ...
wish I could go!! Break a leg!!
I pissed her, You kissed her, You fell in love with her, I think I miss her, You took her on a tour, Tried to pimp her
Lol ohh and nothing just eating some pizza(: Wbu?
Ok world...I just deleted my okcupid account. WHOO-HOO!!!! Freedom!!!
I have a tough time keeping up too. 100+ people a day say hi to me & Barron while we man the grill.
its about to go down. dollar tacos and horchata
The secret to having a good birthday is to have low expectations.
Yeah it's gonna be a good summer
Mmhm Cause What? And Nothing In Wendys Drive Thru. .
just came dangerously close to tackling a person that I thought was you outside college, had the gold shoes and everything
Someone I know is on Wheel of Fortune tonight, but hasn't been allowed to tell us how he did. Good luck, Joe! Can't wait to watch! :)
come on Lynx!!
u stopped talking again v..v
there is a lot of time left in this one ... Just sayin
That would be amazing! We've got our team working on it now ;)
Theres Alot Of Money Talking And Bullshit Walking Around Here
I think they sense that, because they just love to swoop at me.
Hahaha . And oops. I meant
After #URI scores on Joe Landi RBI single, #Northeastern's Jon Leroux unloads on a solo home run to lead off B2. 1-1.
ain't no stopin the storm that's coming!
“: Championship Game, who you got LSU or Alabama?” Roll Tide!!!!!
must see tv in 30 minutes! 48 HRS MYSTERY: FACEBOOK DETECTIVES on CBS!!!
I like what you said , I just hope you meant the Miami wins the Indiana series.. Lake Show chokes and Lob City moves on
Follow Back with a s/o
oh okay....well let me call GM then
brothers home. I think I can go to sleep without worrying now :)
Manson.. Be thankful in that cell. Be happy its jail
so..? How do you say it in Spanish? I'll never replace my beloved "FUCK!" but I do like expanding my profanity-based repertoire.
Im sorry Im so far away, I wish I was in your class.
today is going swimmingly, coffee is sort of working. i'll call it a win
TGI delivers creative #integratedmarketing support services to #Fortune500 leaders using print media & the latest multimedia technologies.
Where's the ☀?
afternoon coffee, chocolate chip cake, handwritten notes, photographs
SECRET SERVICE thinks GSA has better party settings& more booze.GSA thinks SECRET SERVICE has hotter chicks : )
EVEN MY DAD IS A BELIEBER !!! #soproud ;D
Sadly, I've never been-know it only from books.But last month visited Portugal & found Jardim de Regaleira.Fascinating.
Shouldn't everybody have a broadcast studio in the next cube over?
ARG! Power supply died in my home server. Need to find someone offering LaaS (Lab as a Service)!
u need a ride?
Tough decisions are usually the right ones. RT : "3-star OL Caleb Stacey has decommitted, wants to stay home & attend U-Cincy.
It's some crazy Twitter names #RandomThought#
. LOL! It was great "running" into you both yesterday. I love that AMT! I swear I could to an hour on that thing. Maybe tomorrow. :)
"why don't we do it in the road?"
Lots of exciting news from . Can't wait for VSCO Cam and Sites.
Tebow who?? Go Pats!!!
This boy got me regretting getting my hair done right now...missing out on pushups
Hey Guys, Please help us get started on here and "LIKE" our page. We need to get this out of the gate.
mine is good just alot going on
I can't wait to see you on
Dang, oh well lets go see battleship! :)
Got the SICK. Cold, fever, boohoo. But thanks to Jennifer Jarrett for subbing my class. She will love you up Tuesday night!
Richard Cecil~ We ought not to judge of mens merits by their qualifications but by the use they make of them.
Just wondering!! Lol
- yeah I am trying to devote more time to fun...that and not get fat, those are two big goals right now...
An extra-special thanks to all of our business partners & the participating stores & restaurants that made Shop Your Values Week possible!
Anytime I see #7 on the floor for the #Bulls, I still think it's Ben Gordon.
I want to see some zines, zinester!
I'm being 1057495029504% honest!
bottles are flying. Someone go pick them up!
Yes. I tweeted about Seacrest. He has no business being on The Today Show. Like him keeping up with Kardashian's.
I have several low-English ELL students in a mainstreamed class. Have any good suggestions for differentiated notes/worksheets?
hey I still wore what an avg fan would ;) - for other games I've gone crazy though haha
nice! And if I were to eliminate 99% of my tweets, I wouldn't bother to check which ones were even people's favorites ;)
Seems I'm always up for the test of the emergency broadcast system, and it scares the crap out of me every time.
Dont be an idiot and argue. Anwser the question. Or be like carl DONT BE IN TGE HOUSE I PROBABLY WONT LIKE YOU IF YOU ACT IDIOTIC.-A
Beautiful day in Cali.
haha...if it makes you feel good...! youre weird
To learn how to identify a secure website go2 Federal Trade Commission at www.onguardonline.gov/tools/recognize-secure-site-using-ssl.aspx
All i can do is Smh at the moment
I'm gonna make you a mixtape.
Great day at the dealership, car is en route. Optima Hybrid loaded, black exterior & interior. Can't wait!
This plum juice I had....fucking my stomach up...
Drawing tomorrow 5-8 pm! New studio W. Main St. Come on down
'If I lost my ID, where would I go?' 'Hell.'
I LOVE Charlie Brown Christmas!!!!
Draft Pick
What was the topic?
Great stuff happening in Chicago.
Two years ago, publishers said ebook sales were 1 percent of total book sales, now closer to 9 or 10 percent. NYT
The grass may be greener on the other side, but then again you still have to mow it…
Getting ready for our homecoming show at Kelly's Olympian tonight!
fair enough!
Cheap Brushed Nickel Door Knobs: Baldwin 5225.150.ENTR Egg ...
the #40YdDash package would get me under 5 in the 40!
yea Grizzlies live for this kinda game.. But so does CP3
Oh, I just meant we'd have Christmas next weekend. Sorry, the cookies will be stale by then. ;)
true. But there are some nuggets to be had as we have seen. Plus with #Bing and #yahoo! possibly combining it's worth a mention.
lemon peel extracts. raspberries. licorice. = delicious skin.
Le monde sort de la pauvreté de masse.
That sounds awesome RT : Hi, really liking the clothing. Do you mind if I do a post about your label on my blog?
Shoot her. She means nothing to me.
Ooh I want you, I don't know if I need you but ooh I'd die to find out.
RT : NFL scheduling Thurs seminar for negotiators to learn new rules, obvious necessary step. NFLPA needs to do same with agents
tomorrow and I will check-
We will be posting numerous tweets but following them would be highly recommended. We will only be re-tweeting extra special ones
RT : #GOD You open all the doors... I will be your faithful servant.
shooting it as we speak!
Further instructions are: "Please remain calm. There is no known threat of an emergency at this time." Alarms still going off.
- How long before Bobby Valentine gets the boot ?
Another GREAT day here at Lonestar Delivery & Process! Who are you using for your courier service needs. We are opened 24/day. Call us!
I told him he couldn't come to my house cuz I don't have random ass niggas around my kids and he says "if u ever need help I'm here"
Deafula is such a good zine!
Will the real Slim Shady please stand up! Chris Brown sit down. No wait you can stand up cuz YOU DO HAVE BLONDE HAIR!!!
Uggh I feel that, sister!
Last rumor was that I'm a lesbian. Now it's that I'm pregnant. Good God, can't a 17 year old be a virgin for once?
“: Find something you love to do so much, you can’t wait for the sun to rise to do it all over again. #LifeLessons”
NO, I love that color!!!! No regret, it's very Gwen Stefani Return of Saturn!
Help him out folks! RT 10 more followers and I reach 2600! Make it happen, friends! help a brother out.
LEARNING SOCIAL SITES ON XBOX
Watching the first episode of Ken Burn's National Parks with my son Sam.
is about to start excavating her apartment while contemplating her new dwelling.
Tough season -- and year -- for
No where near enough hours in the day to #read!
totally, I know just exactly what you mean. ;)
prolly after this series
RT A growing number of journalists are getting it: solar is getting cheap, solar can scale, blogs.telegraph.co.uk/...
Dude, make up your fucking mind already. I'm a girl, not an ego boost.
For a LIMITED TIME ONLY get 50% OFF our service, just by using our OFFER CODE: 012386
I've said this before.... but it makes more sense now that the #HungerGames are out. I have a girl crush on Jennifer Lawrence.
So if girls are liars and say they hate liars, does that mean they hate themselves? They're stuck being miserable for being dumb
6 hours or so left ... Waiting for rapture ... Should be brushing up on heavenese!
We are looking for #selfpublished authors to write short testimonials about your process for our site. Please DM me for more info!
are you not concerned in the backlash Obama would experience if the Dems propose a realistic plan for national gay marriage?
When you sit there listening to a friend talk about how hot she thinks your cousin is knowing she don't know you're related to him, Lol.
Getting ready for Canada!
We told you all that Urban Flight Apparel is a different, bold, & unique brand. WE ARE NOT AFRAID to encourage you..so go for it!
i gave all a chance ...but when i reach out for help they just spit on my hand ....its ok ..trust me its ok
RT : "What if learning conflicts w/ a PR message?" THAT is the question.
Duke finna bust that ass them plumlee brothers. Finna ball
Some cause happiness wherever they go. Some, when they go!
Lol...can't start early!!!!
i like my women oppressed
Our training programs are lots of fun and will make the 1/2 a piece of cake!! Have fun Katrina
New docs don't have 20 years of politically incorrect notes. More open to sharing chart with patients.
I got preverted when i knew wass! ;p
RT “: At the end of the day, is just me myself & I”
Valence Health Heals Growing Pains with High-Performance Analytics from SAS, HP - Yahoo Finance Chicago-based Valence Health is addressin
save me some lol.
Time to go to the lab, write the introduction to my diss, and finish watching Elite Squad 2. All in a day's work.
I meant I'm gettin painted not Jerry! 11pm at Hydrate
Finding myself adding "-stackoverflow" to my searches lately--esp. when i need a broad overview of a topic rather than granular bickering.
Food Lust!!!
In N' Out Hotdog
Dance Moms, really? Reality shows have me almost convinced that there is nothing redeemable about human beings.
yes sir! I am gonna give him a call this week. Thank you, very much appriciated!
Why are almonds so addicting?!
"Believe with all of your heart that you will do what you were made to do." - Orison Swett Marden
Chilling with in NYC. Good times.
Wx radio transmitters are up and down for most of SE Ala - text county name to 41212 to sign up for our free alerts - great backup!
i did at one point, yeah. Our chopper is down now, though.
(-) If you do, you will a) Have 2 projects instead of 1 to show for your work, and b) You will unburden your digital project.
Stuck in the Middle !! You were close! Lol!
Wish I could find the smithsonian commons app in the app store....help?
STAY CLASSY DETROIT! Check me out Monday 6:30ish on the Paul W Smith Show
Depends on dependents/income made RT": I been cutttn grass part time can I get earn credit for dat"
We're getting reports the train horn has finally stopped.
I'm sorry, but I just don't understand the appeal of Instagram. A cheesy way to post poor quality pics to twitter (basically)?
Text me lol, I'm confused as to what is going on.
NaLee a fresh new mermaid trilogy
what would you do without me dood
u there
Dream, Believe, Achieve.
“: My best days are with My<3 is forever” AWWWWWWWWWHHHHHHH BEST TWEET EVER
after a hard work out I have chocolate milk.
Shout out to all of our brethren who have traveled to the Portland area. Show 'em the Blue Hell tomorrow night!
the most inspirational movie ever! Also the best(:
I decided it was time to change the pic.
Anyone know when #Nike is planning on unveiling the new #NFL uniforms today?
Latest on Arvydas Sabonis' heart attack. We talk to a former Blazer teammate on KOIN Local 6 at 5:30
Am I the last to know Ryan Reynolds and Blake Lively are dating?
Who's ready for Anchorman 2? Oh, it's happening people.
Plz follow I love u dale!!!:)
how's everyone doing today?
Wish the lineup for #lollapalooza had as many good bands as last year... But nonetheless, it's gonna be
we soo happy for you and please follow us. (:
It was at Botanical Gardens...all hand passed h'orderves...it was all delicious and everything was first class as usual!!!
If you think it's expensive to hire a professional to do the job, wait until you hire an amateur. - Red Adair
😊hope your happy
#teenwolf fans who can't wait for next week's episode?? I know I can't !!
Left my sunglasses in TX and now my eyes are slightly inconvenienced as I go to work. Life is good if this is what I have to complain about.
One #libraryschool class down, one (the easy one) to go. Here's to being this much closer to the end *raises coffee cup*
could use send me a link to ur newest music?
Your show is Growing on me Wife still hates it
Enjoy them below, and if another quote didn’t make the list but you absolutely love it, please share it with us in the comments
At the same damn time, at the same damn time.....
Yeah, during and after teaching, I would totally reverse myself--declaring I like teaching more than prep. Nice to enjoy both!
Now your just somebody that I used to know
If he touches my head again I'm going to slap him...
obviously bro. It's a women talking about sports. A fucking goldfish knos more then them
I wanna go live in Puerto Rico cause I bet that my bf will sexy as hell!!
If you are at #secure360 wednesday, try to catch presentation at 11. Great communicators, great instructors.
Friend: Do you have a boyfriend? Me: Yes. Friend: I want to meet him! Me: Me too. Friend: You're talking about Austin Mah- Me: Yep!
We need to play it like soon! Just a little fun fact: Friday's $290 MILLION jackpot is the 8th largest #MEGAMillions jackpot ever!!
Lady eagles lost 29-40 against Madison
#ArtFact: At school Claude Monet was seen as a rebel. Instead of working he would draw caricatures of his teachers and friends.
Summer is here when there is not alot to do but golf, work and chill!
what happened
Excited to talk about things that change our perspective in home group tonight! Love my group!
#musesocial Not having enough time is probably the top reason given for CEO's not using SM.
Hehe;)) and I don't know why he isn't in, I don't think she was allowed to tell me?:)
Just bought myself 2 zac brown band tickets. This summer is about to be a concert frenzy!
Anyone cook with fennel pollen? I just harvested some.
I liked Elise. However I'm not surprised she's going home.
beautiful u kno kobe the greatest
Many congrats to all the new iPhone 4S owners!!
Weren't you stuck in a hide-a-bed? Or was that the '89 World Series?
Omg iPad I need you to finish charging nowww.
Yea that was a cheap shot by Metta Artest or whatever but its still not even close to what happened at the Palace so yall have to chill
Listening to the cure with my mom, odds are my mom is cooler than yours.
Happy Thanksgiving! Use to save money on post holiday drinks with the fam!
Happy Cinco de Mayo Amigos! Fiesta <3
Small businesses can get free software (as an online service) to help them manage & organize biz bit.ly/lHOSGY
G'morning tweeter's hope y'all enjoy ur day.
It is good to see Rip getting back in rhythm
The same.
no quiet meal with cousin.
Will do more Twitter catch up tomorrow, I am beat! It has been an excruciatingly long week. So ready for the weekend! :)
create a digital text book using wikipedia: left side of site, print/export option make chapters, cover page, etc.
Can't go to sleep.
Too all whom have had a Reading from me or taken a Tarot class! I need Testimonials for my new websites!! thanx in advance, Rick
Yeah, Indian is up there as number two or three--Chinese number one, Thai competing with Indian
How come when you make #porn films you're automatically a "star"? Just a thought. LOL.
Take 1 Mucinex, 1 Benadryl and 2 aspirin every 4 hours. Was told about it last week... and it works!
Satan wants you to look in the rear view mirror (your past) while God wants you to look in his binoculars into your future!
RIP Amy Winehouse
nice, real nice
Interesting thing abt that showm is that it argued human behavior changed base on *complexity* of lang
lol very clever
Hearing about us on LA Observed on right now! How cool is that?! (some of us may be huge KCRW nerds...)
(overdue) congrats on the new gig!
Voting for a musician in a poll is a bit like listening to a politician's speech on a high end stereo system.
if you loved me you wouldn't be a dirty Scottish pedo and you wouldn't get your hair cut :)
Nate, are you sporting a Windows phone? The Carbon Twitter app is incrediballsac!
mee too me too!
Fridge is full of so much goodness right now...Sour in the Rye, Smoking Wood...had to stop myself w/ MotherFunker!
I know exactly how you feel babe.
great meeting you today
I'm finna go get that New Nicki Minaj
"It's a real craft....whistling"
Late Night Tweets! >>>
She just F'ed up the National Anthem!!!! How does that happen at the freaking Super Bowl!
I hate when like, some semi-famous person I follow RTs another semi-famous person.. and I'm like woah narcissists, like get off my TL, god.
so cool! Awesome.
We would love to do a tasting with Young Winos! Let's talk.
One day in and I am already wishing that blogs would put a G+ button of some kind on their sites. Copy-Switch tabs-Paste Ugh
With all the wind lately the aftermath has left my #skin dryer than the desert in which I live! For relief I reach 4 's #creme28!
This guy wont stop starring >.<
Mass impersonal #followrequest to my favorite twitter people:
omg... I thought you were in Vegas... you;re closer to me in SF than Vegas? right?
Good Morning B-More it's Tuesday morning a great day for a coffee & a hot breakfast come on in & join me, (@ Peace & A Cup of Joe)...
wassup wit u today?
excited to be going to 2012 with the help of a HASA scholarship!! motivated and ready to #learn and #network!
no cause I will partt with you since like the other girls arwnt really my friends anymore. At least we don't talk
what's yours?
Tomorrow is important
writing time this weekend... it might get rowdy.
if he's safe, chug it
How 'bout them Celtics?
There's gonna be a whole lotta #flamenco going on in TX starting May 11th for Central Market's Passport Spain event!
why won't this g damned m fucking directory info burn properly? m fucking titty essing t balled bitch.
that i was skinnier and prettier! i hate my life!!! KMN
Hahaha! I have never met anyone who doesn't know what a cookie is! Lol!
true true. Goodluck :)
going to Bdubs. i take my wings very seriousely!
Andre Miller is still very good! Glad to have him back!!
Hey Ashley, could you DM me your contact info? I lost it. Thanks!
ha! maybe that's how stuff like enron and the ponsky scheme happened...
I can't get over how beautiful it is right now in Charlotte. Working on Dangerous Race gear & enjoying the breeze flowing though the windows
Thank u very much ma'am. GOD bless
20 is awesome, keep it up, soon will be 40 to 60mins :) Everyone is #working_out on my followers list, kick butt Ian! Emmi ;)
can you hook a brotha up with a size 13?
It's 97 in Vegas.
Requested: Observers for a gov #usability test Nov. 16 from 9-1:30 p.m. in DC. Email for info.
The group writes a mixture. We each read a section of our work and the others critique. It's a well balanced group.
PsSSsSSs. I'm trying to help the keyboardist of the Canadian haymakers pee. He obviously has too.
if your a fan of Christian then follow for tweets and facts about him
#nowplaying Banana by G.NA. Lipstick chicken butter roll (⌒▽⌒)
My foot still hurts but I wanna longboarddddddd
Many changes are going to be made this week!!
RT : Don't forget we'll be having a tree giveaway for Baltimore residents this weekend. Thanks to ! Bring ID!
Wrong Move on #Avon for Not Accepting a $10.7Billion buy-out offer from
you're hairy, so yes.
2 out of 3 years sitting/standing next to you at Easter services! Χριστός Ανεστι!!
Life is Full of Microscopes & Telescopes...
How is that fair?
Yea I'm smiling but you're not the reason anymore 😁
Welcome, GAAP Students! Want to know more about GERMS? Feel free to stop by our open house from 11AM - 3PM tomorrow, April 8th! HOYA SAXA!
Pssst..... The new Yats in #Carmel got the green light and is open. It's close to the on North Meridian
Let's hope he does stay! Good to see ISU doing well again!
Chillen at the oasis at lake travis.
good stuff! I plan on going there for #NewYears to visit my cousin who is a recording artist
we all need to meet up one night soon. #pinktaco?
If you follow me it would definitely be the best day ever <3
It's completely sunny outside and it's raining
Cleaning getting things organized just to move out in a month
no fog fall this morning! Guess you and Reuben have to come back some time.
All of the admins are on! HEY~Ashley
I never imagined myself as just an ordinary player
It's pretty darn clear to me that #Netflix should run the postal service!
Reading a book by "All That is Bitter & Sweet." It is captivating and inspirational.
You can now pay as little as $1000 to someone to commit #cybercrime says
Could not read chrome manifest file 'C:\Program Files\Mozilla Firefox\extensions\{972ce4c6-7e08-4474-a285-3208198ce6fd}\chrome.manifest'
Go rangers!!
Just tapped, Brewing DBA: Double Barrel Ale (replace Trippel Belgian Style Triple Ale)
this weather sucks!
Good Night!!!!
I hate when I'm listening to music really loud and I have to keep pausing it because I constantly think I'm hearing my name being called.
My Major Doesnt Make A lot of Money...Hmph Well 64,000 a Yr Isnt enough For Me I Need atleast 8Figures a Year.
Crazy how someone says they want to be with you..... But apparently not at the moment.....
One of my users said of my #salesforce reporting skills, "You are the Ex-Lax of data". A compliment, I think!
The ego has kept you living in survival mode and now it is the time to move into living. True living is done through the heart.
going 2 go to schlitterbahn today[:
yeah, that's the best part
Update: Still expect higher accumulations west of #RVA with accumulations on the range of 4-8in. #RVA folks should expect 2-4in
Someone bring me some BBQ por favor.
We appreciate you following Poised Creation El Paso!
Try A lot of folks have recommended finding mentors/advisors.
you're a better man than I
Let's Go Sixers
No, but I had two margaritas and the hunger games book. And now I'm at the Ace hotel for dinner.
What is a Brand. Can you honestly say? Check us out for branding tip and ideas. www.gseafashiongroup.com
funny thing is, i used to call you my bestfriend.. looks like highschool really does people..
I'm not contagious, but I got that kind of love that knocks you down.
By changing how I do things I am breaking the fear that kept me bound.
thanks for the follow! :)
Hallucinogens...I need help new to LA/
Any #sf folks know a good tennis instructor?
At the #140Cuse Conference!
woman on #millionaire: "i've never even heard of the 'communist manifesto'"
Thanks! Eleanor, it was wonderful to see you again yesterday. Good luck with the start of the semester!
eeeerrrkkk now I have to re-render everything in final cut, oh well COFFEE TIME BABY!!!!!! #patience child
YOU'RE SUCH A DISNEY FAN !!! xD <3 DISNEY xD LET ME GUESS ..SEBASTION SINGING FROM " ARIEL" xD
ASAP! We should do dinner with & !! Good luck on the drive tomorrow... bet you'll miss Barney & co.
In the words of , if #ParksAndRec is cancelled I'm gonna have to "approach a bitch."
I <3 that hubby is working for Subaru on route 4 now. He is so close to my school. We were able to have lunch today and spend time together.
shes got the easiest way of brightening up my day
How many times can a guy tell me he is too important for me before I get it? #LotsOfTimes,Apparently
hi I'm awkwward.
You ain’t gotta, you ain’t gotta, leave..
“ S/o to all da angels ( wit da fine ass rotel ha)”
I will be home for 4/20!!Im tryna set a fucking record for the most weed smoked in 24hrs no bs
Winter Roses to bloom. Big date January 13. join the party!
Thanks for all your work getting us set up with Ticketleap. I'll look into the things you emailed about. :)
If only I could get #China to get our Easter Fox. The Fox who stole my 7 year olds Easter Eggs. Then finally World justice would be served.
Hearing rumors you never knew about yourself.
Boys are annoying omg
Caught up w/ 2day & wish we had more time 2 keep talking! 1day I'd love to do a radio show w/her so we could talk all the time!
I should'a offered myself up for the dunk machine. I bet Polifest could have grossed FAR more per ball thrown.
I definitely appreciate it everyday. Hope you're doing well : )
RT People have opinions about your life, God has plans for it! < That's our God! \o/
#Roseville hockey coach says he's been accused of bullying, but he is the real victim. Spoke before board tonight.
Highly dependent! I knew it was out, yet I kept opening the computer for things, then remembered, no that requires Internet.
- Congrats on the article
Film shoot Thurs. Off today. So here I am, at home & on da grind, still on hunt for new film/model gigs. May have to hit up Baton Rouge!!!
That seems to be the prevailing mood here too ...
Tonight: July 7 Brazilian Percussion Virtuoso AIRTO MOREIRA'S 70th BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION, SOHO 1221 State Street Suite 205 Santa...
There are definitely not 4 boxes of shoes packed to come with me to San Antonio.
you can hear the wind swirling while in the tin can
how i miss myspace lol !!!
#shestooyoungforyoubro.... but that doesn't matter.
he is 20
stay tuned for next week when I use pinterest to make a quilt for my grandma :)
Can't wait to get to the house so i could get sexxy real quick y'all no what it do!
A pantry? like where you keep the canned goods?
Man, I really want a couple of those Nest thermostats, but $250 each? That's just too much. $150 I could deal with but $250 is just robbery.
That celebration at Rupp was amazing. I will never forget that scene of grown men, women, even young kids crying. What a team, what a year.
this looks amazing! were you with COBI? would love to learn more
Cherish the importance of knowing who is worth being cherished.
Bummer last show is today on Great memories man!
Been thinking about you lately. Hope all is well.
Help! Fix my Amazon EC2 instance!
We are now accepting vehicle donations through V-Dac. Very exciting! www.v-dac.com
no worries, I've just been laying here in tears awaiting reply. Bitches. I miss all the good stuff!
I really hope Jelena didn't break up .. i loved them together they're the best couple out there .. <3
Sometimes I remember all the good times we had and memories we made then I remember all they'll ever be is memories sand we wont have more
Do you have a favorite from #CES this year? Fantastic design at CES Photos | Fantastic design at CES Pictures - Yahoo! News via
THROWBACK #NP J holiday- bed! <3
fun with game sevens...Bruins v Capitals tonight.
i just followed the FONZ!
will do. Thanks! Anything you think I definitely have to see/eat before I leave?
This fool is retiring from the cyber world. Time for words on paper. 'Night!
Mia Joy Candles says "We Love You"! Hope you enjoyed every scented moment with the candle we sent you.
RT : "Seek your own voice, and follow it, without listening to others. It is your difference that will make you valuable."...
Obama is giving $1.5 BILLION to Muslim Brotherhood, which has declared it wants to destroy Israel!!
Matt showed me out to enter Itemized Losses in ModMaster 5.0 today! I <3 data entry! So easy!
#whenitwascoolto use Myspace...
Help for Haiti current Auction: Front row loge tix to MUSE tickets for the Garden, $100 to Marco Cucina, and a night at the Ames Hotel..
Hopefully it gets fixed! Lately my Macbook Pro won't wake up from sleep and I have to hold the power button down!
Very few things are as hotly debated as the Reverse card in a two player Uno match
RT " My goldfish is either planking or dead."
That article isn't as complete as I remember; if you can find something more comprehensive it'd make great background for the game.
Thanks Amy for sharing Rachel's #WalkingDead blog with your followers!
i wish i would have come up with edible arrangements. huuuhhh i could quit school and dip fruit in chocolate all day and make $$$$$$$$
You are so amazing! We totally have a crush on you. If you are ever in Portland, OR come check us out!!! xoxox
Youth Center Summer Camps offer fun, education
Ladies....I like/love yoga pants- good choice
Follow me and I'll follow you back.
Fair enough; I agree with that, Richardson just happens to be one of my two sure things this year, AP quality.
Performing with the Voci Angelica Trio this Friday. For more info visit www.vociangelicatrio.com
Well that was an interesting night.
Just found an inchworm in my hair.
If u follow me I'll follow u bck[= I laouve you Jamie<3
Nobody can fuck with my fire background
God... who's the heifer that just ate 3 donuts!
Wrapping up "In Plain Sight" in the South Valley. Man it was cold out there but good job guys.
Tat my name on you #SoIKnowItsReal for example RT": Don't make permanent decision for your temporary emotions #tfb"
Oh, nothing terrible, just got some dry/chewey chicken in some quiche. Luckily it was all at the bottom, so I ate the top
RIP Andrew Breitbart
Have You Seen The French Banks Today? via
this little white boy standing on this dark street corner scared the hell out of me....lookin like a young jason
Angels Gate Cultural Center in San Pedro has an opening this Saturday Aug 13 starting at 1:30pm. Come out for music, art, and food!
sadly no none follow me:/
so sad tht a 3 day weekend had to end so fast i dont wanna go back to school im still sick ive been sick for like 4 days im NOT going
The shortest verse in the Bible is “Jesus wept”. Cool.
Nipples getting hard for
cheesy smile!!
thanks puto! Love u so much.
O_O of course xO foul play..... No problem of course i know how
I don't mind stealing bread, from the mouths of decadence. But I can feed off the powerless, when my cup's already overfilled.
Aladdin and Beauty and The Beast and home alone, yet I want you to text me while I'm alone but I guess not./:
I think they should have a Barbie with a buzz cut.
oh i know i win...u shouldnt have even tried to go there wit me and dats dat shit i ws tlkin bout da otha night..i miss u 2
all I want to do is watch #Glee but I have so much other stuff to do...
Just finished rehearsing. starts on east coast in 30 minutes.
Super-excited to hear talk about hip-hop and economic recovery tonight at Memorial Hall!
Had a blast at the 's event tonight, a panel with Andy, Calvin Trillin, Jonathan Alter, and Joy Behar. I love NYC.
I fuckz wit Syd The Kid doe!!! She a beast!!!
QPR has showed up today vs City.
Would like to add another coach to my #team by may 1 :) will work to help
Lighter Exchange is at from 830-12am tonight!!
Thanks for the follow! Looking forward to the deep data dives
Thanks, Katy! Glad you liked the post. Looking forward to talking with you again soon!
anytime Shawn! Thanks for checking it out :)
This is embarrassing.
full day at Baltimore City #archives and I know as much as I did last week; not enough to prove my
Art is highly subjective and yet we cannot feel when listening to Kenny G for a whole year what Louie Armstrong gives in seconds.
I'm sure they will. Be sure to get out there with the family and enjoy it yourself too.
Well tomorrow if Friday! Hooray! :)
Um....YES PLEASE! <3
A well-balanced diet that includes a variety of fish and shellfish can contribute to heart health and children's growth and development.
Life's too short, so kiss slowly, laugh insanely, love genuinely and forgive rapidly.
Business clothes are so boring and colorless. Today. I'm bringing some flavor to the career world 😁😉😝
My tooth feels loose. I have a Dr's appt, in two weeks. Will I make it?
Watch for our upcoming 90% off offer.
so u get followers for that son of a bitch andre but not me? :stevie:
GiddyUp Support: The invitees list bug that we were running into has been resolved. You can resume checking who's In/Maybe/Out in real-time!
the only thing we need to fear is fear itself. -franklin d. roosevelt(:
So impressed with the water-powered alarm clocks on fab.com this morning!
the girl dat backstas me like to be someone shes not she dead better not play her self cus Im guna end up punching her so hard she would fly
Just found out no one can find me on #WordsWithFriends. Sorry, folks! My correct user name is " SquirtleSquad1" No spaces inbetween.
There is only one person who could ever make you happy, and that person is you. David Burns
Or for people who like sweet and salty. I love mango salsa, but only with chips and beer.
Going to QBar to night to plan out the awesome food and drink specials we're going to have from all of you. Gonna to be GOD!
Love it. RT : I would rather set fire to my own face. RT : Help us grow our base. Encourage others to join us.
some folks stay young until the kingdom comes.
IM SO BORED! SOMEBODY SAVE ME FROM MY BOREDNESS!!
museum remains OPEN. The museum is not affiliated with the Hull House Association.
Just landed in LA... Looking forward to a bunch of meetings setup... Should be VERY productive day then back to Seattle tonight
"I'm not going to kill Jack Reacher because he's the only character I've got!" - Safe for now,
Capricorn Party that sounds like a Go for me
The neighbor's sewer pipe is broken again and a gusher of turds are flowing down the hill by my office.
thank you for the tweet!
what movie you see ?
Here he goes!!! Donald Driver on Dancing with the Stars!! Turn on ABC now!
No problem!
Support is the best feeling
#REELHEROESCINEMA IS HERE BITCH!!!
I need to stop thinking about you! :) You mean nothing to me n__n I'm glad you know this!
love the idea! Good luck.
July 18, 1987 - Don Mattingly homers off Texas' Jose Guzman to tie Dale Long's ML record of hitting a home run in eight consecutive games.
#Kings staying in #Sacramento. Very exciting day for all of Sacramento! #HereWeStay!
I love how the rain did NOT inhibit our girls!
Oh and we've had a request for Joss too, which we can totally do. PS, anyone know a really good Joss impersonator in the Portland area?
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW.. SEE YOU THIS SATURDAY AT #COMMON SPACE #PARTYALLWEEK.COM FOR MORE INFO
cool! demo time!! awesome!
it's dope!
I dont know yet! A bottle of chardonnay I think. Its in the fridge and will be ready to go when I get home. YOU?
If Nash leaves, might not have any other choice. You know they will make a big push for him, though.
Keep the weather away Mike, I know you can make some calls.
I had an awesome time in California! Worked with PitFit training owner Jim Leo who worked me hard! Also went go-karting with my teammates!
! Congrats! You won a free ticket the Phorum 2012 Conference. Please send your info to:
praying 4 your grandparents sending all my love
love it!
Just wanna say thank you to my awesome band for making the show complete!! 🎸
The good news? Found those conference proceedings you were looking for. The bad news? They're on...laser disk.
i was singing it and she said you're out of tune and you're hurting my ears.
Home opener update: sounds like we'll be lucky if we get to 50. Sunny and breezy. Lots of tix left on Twins website. Many cheapys on stubhub
No, okay you do stupid stuff. Don't talk to me. 😡
Dealers have nothing to hide
Thanks for the advice, Terry! I am looking into the JHU Credit Union as we speak.
Shabazz to UCLA. Who the hell names a kid Shabazz anyway???
I was the one who dared plaxico burress to pop a shot off in a club, I told him all the celebs were doing it, oops
Pathos with a punch
First thing I like about ? Peter Scolari cameo.
I think I tweet a lot and oh really I can already tell u r lol 0_o
Daria. That is all.
Or any motor racing event....
haha have to sync up today on some deliverables, I'll get it. Calls all day; all sales final as of 5/8
"WHAT'S UP WITH THAT FUCKIN DELIVERY BOY?!"
I feel sorrwful.
The entire room exploded in cheers as soon as Suh got ejected ... Happy Thanksgiving!
Someone needs to start a parody twitter account for 's hair;
Girl walking down U-circle, wearing a fanny pack and "dip dick" sharpied on her arm
Avengers just blew my mind.
Interested in being in a flash mob for an event? Dm
I'm going to the show at the St. Augustine Amphitheater on the 27th. I cant wait to see you guys perform! <3 c:
Happy 175th birthday, #Michigan! Great lakes, great times.
manager. okay. and what kind of work? beating children? what type of work does the office do?
RT : The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.~~ Gandhi
yup. I'll be there Sunday night!
Accept change with humor, and embrace change with love. ~ Pat Burns
Unlocking many questions so far this week, on all fronts. #Excitingtimes ahead...
2011.09.26 #Pirates 9 #Brewers 8 | Lackluster pitching / means missed opportunity / down to the wire!
Couldn't agree more! MT I gave +K about Academics on cause he's a sharp guy & he got the on twitter!
New website up and invites your presence, now: www.sullivanstpress.com
Attention Voters! Thinking of #Romney?JPMorgan is a recent example of Wall Street Gone Wild! #Romney's govt of no regulation just failed.
ONLY custom printer in the US w/ 10’ wide dye sub, 16’ wide digital printing, 10’ wide UV-printing to rigids & screen-printing capabilities!
can you tell me how to get the gold coin emblem with the 10th prestige skull on it? please i really would like to get it.
Buffet's recent pro-tax op ed makes 1 wonder why he hasn't given all his money to the IRS vs charities. Bc the gov is a poor investment.
was he cute?
I am the literary equivalent of a Big Mac and Fries
Good morning to you too! Almost Friday...
Wow really? Today 5 years on Twitter: , , , &
The softball size #hail continues to rain down here in the
Roll on Sunday till I get back to NI and go play a bit of quality golf around Ballyclare again
like a boss
When the hot persons sad everyone cares but when the ugly persons sad everyone is like oh.
I know right! They looked so much alike! Thanks for looking beautiful.
Can it be time for #CFBlockParty yet?!
Barring extra innings the streak of 16 dies tonight with Castro
Hey I heard you were a wild one
Did anybody else see the model outside of Abercrombie yesterday?!
Made high security key and programmed transponder immobilizer for 2005 Volkswagon Passat last night. What can we do for you?
Oh, nice Grand Slam there Cruz. Wow.
Walk into a restraunt.. me:"it smells like old people in here."
#ihatewhenpeoplesay I love you after they've been dating for a week.
Wow! RT : "If you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe, then you'll be successful." -Unknown
Hi Steve, how was your week?
Love this ! And w/ all this rain in #Miami, a rainbow would bring tons of #Happiness right now :)
Jimmy Graham just aggravated his slight concussion.
At masa azul again. Man this place rocks. Cornbread stuffed quail! Pepita-crusted lamb rack! M.
ask ; we found a killer Italian place last year for the marathon. Fresh made pasta!!!
Everyday is a get your money up day
Many prayers to the Ohio shooting victims, families and all those involved
Gotta catch up with my fam soon. Been way to long.
14 days until the unveiling of Team Hoyts commemorative painting..Purchase 1 of 300 signed lithographs. Contact $299.
I support #occupy as an Xtn. Corps extract $$ from workers' bodies, use it to buy influence. Occupy inserts bodies directly into discourse.
You CAN'T drink while being pregnant you dumb bitch so stop drinking!!!!!
A bad day for EBSCO all around. heh Hope the database training was salvageable!
Great day of racing from all over the country!!
CRASH: I-5 NB just north of Capitol- left lane blocked
but you can certainly laugh at them! :D
I think this weather calls for a good old fashion blackout!
Bill Hanzlik just on, Pro Football Talk's Mike Florio at 8:05, and Elaina MacMillan 9:05! Only on The Score, Mile High Sports, AM 1510.
Triple Crown Volleyball would like to congratulate Madison Kerr for joining us in our 2012 sand program with the 16U Team
#Santorum stumbling thru victory speech hitting familiar talking points: god, reagan, obamacare, family, even pronounced it "missouruh" yawn
Hay onion and garlic guy in the seat behind me, I hope you don't have a lot of face to face meetings today
yeah thatde be a mistake if were..
Any of my followers ever get a speeding ticket on your bike? It would be cool if u did.
Hey #ROC did you see today's ?? Kodak PlaySport Video Camera at a GREAT deal - GO FOR IT!!
* whistles.* RT ": young folks."
How come nobody ever talks about Mama New Guinea?
Sure, how do I apply?
#LAMHarvard THickerson: they run alongside each other --not either/or. Digital lets us expand access and content.
Hoping if i even get picked for the G+ hangout that my camera/mic work..:o
BaloLug meeting tonight at 7pm. Discussing plans for the for the rest of the year and linux.
nice! Can't wait! When do we get to preview and buy track?!?
do you know where I can get a compost barrel thing. I know you can make em but jeff wnats to buy one
yeah, a guy was trying to get home and he used stationary and falsified info. They called to verify and he got axed
do you think water is too wet?
RTRT“: #OomfNeedsTo realize, that we were meant to be, like Nutella and the spoon.”
want my bitch to make yo bitch look like precious
Some random ass boy keeps on walking back and forth past the holiday hair...nigga sit yo ass down.
Top 5 Topas bars in Tampa? Any suggestions
I'm a strict creationist when it comes to the theory of language evolution. Don't teach #ginormous in schools!
yo #squarespace you should let me win that iphone, cuz thats the only reason im updating my twitter
I love you :) mwuah!
LUCKY. I have $80 I'm trying to spend! ): No ride to mall ~~
Just finished writing a song 4 the ladies called "One More Time" is anothahit from ya Boy Cuda Dahitman!!
RT I got rid of TV a long time ago. How many friends have you met by watching TV?<but, but, but...
I have seen a lot of ops go wrong in Budapest today.
The infinitely little have a pride infinitely great
#Politics Cain supporting Newt? These two must have something in common.
New Years Sweepstakes: post your stickK activity on facebook and you're entered. No purchase necessary! www.stickK.com for official rules.
It would be a great place to learn! Except those seats don't look too comfortable : )
we're cuteq.
Someone keeps erasing my craigslist postings. There is no reason that I have been given as to why...
I want to be drew berrymoore.
Good maybe Bradford can use him at WR too than RT Brockers reminds me of a bigger Leon Lett, really good hands
lol MT : You're killing me, Smalls! I approve of guac w/habaneros, but dill?? Really?
Spur of the moment kinda things <3
I've really learned a lot this year. Funny to look back upon it all
thank you for your joy and humor.
Looking for a few good bars to visit when I go to Denver any Ideas?
They will!
Too freaking early
I have a dream of one day designing a website for you. Who designed your current "coming soon" site?
haha yes a guy should pay for everything. if you guys have a genuine relationship money shouldn't determine the interaction
Writing the pages of history, this page.... Denver, p.s. u guys ROCK!
Its TBT damn.. how many old pictures of yourself do you have..
Yes! That's better.
#YoMomma So Fat That When She Saw A Yellow Bus She Yelled "Stop That Twinkie"
Twitter on my Blackberry isn't updating boo
your butt called me today
i plan to watch new show but my digital antenna doesnt get ABC, seems whole are has problem. so i m hoping that it ll be on hulu
Looking forward to sharing insights with you!
what the hell does beez in the trap even mean?
It was fun last night! :) RT : Hanging out with at Front Page news in Little 5!
Norman Mailer's fav. political parties: George Street Jumpers, Gasoline Ghosts, Purple Raiders, & Bughouse Beasts #totalassaultontheculture!
ooooeeee! Now you're talking my language, hot spots for getting naked lol
I swear there's 17 people in the field when I hit right now
Air con cranked on this bus. It's only 70F/21C outside. Hardly worthy of freezing AC...
Some people's screens are made to be read in different light. Wish mine was! I would work outside more often.
i walked today and i worked in my friends yard
Betty Buckley on stage at 's 25th Emery Awards!
so sleepy!
I love twirling my hips.
great. thanks for the nightmares...
did p money really jus get cut
Become all that you can through your faith.
hey thanks guys! Fado is great! any other sweet spots so I don't have to spend a month camped out there?
but over looking the bird poop fetish lol arent they beautiful? lol yes proud mama lol
no problem. Thanks for the kind words!
But I prefer to scream about ice cream, figuratively. This has been my summer of ice cream.
they will come.
TIE -When I put the plastic wrap around the heavy coat...or that first donning of sunglasses on a bright, sunny day.
oh and did i mention that i was 21........
HEY GUESS WHAT? It just got better. #LGBT #ItGetsBetter (via )
About 30 more min until #SugerRush is released! Head over to www.facebook.com/goodluckjane to hear it!
Lmfao , Ricky Tried To Do My Hair .
the beggining of the sentence sounded wrong, OMG . lool.
finalist for PSU job reportedly
cant find u 😔
i am bored somebody
make two dreams come true but following me nd 31
Nice! Thanks for listening!
Really? come on, its 2012. Niqqahs need to grow up. smdh!!
Shoutout to ! Check out , CHAT grantees from #NYC!
martini time. what!
wasnt today like the best day of ur life, i am so happy rite now she singed everything,i love her so much
I'll post, Matt Hunter's random photo. Where's that phonee.. -___________-
I want to go to the beach tomorrow. Someone take me :)
Car don't you fucking dare die on me now. I need you for my damn job. Ill make you scale metal if you mess this up.
Paparazzi and lunatic fans don't realize how dangerous they make a situation.
Caught the gay Easter boy craze for my niece...
DJ Dog Dick. This exists, apparently.
BP says they'll know in 6-48 hrs if new attempt works- 6 to 48 hrs?! What kind of est is that? did they always have 1 of these caps around?
This one's different.
I'm eating breakfast now because I'll be too lazy and busy to do it in the morning.
say hello to the pilgrims for me!
Thnx for following us Rebecca. WE're following you back. WE're living out OUR dream in the #SocialMedia business. :-)
#QuickFacts In 2010-11, CISNC received $5,125,667 in In-Kind Donations! A HUGE Thank you to all who donated supplies to help kids succeed!
hallucinatory ice cream? Reminds me of the movie Friday where Big Worm uses an ice cream truck as a front for drug dealing.
The intensity from a few hours ago has died down, but jeebus, it's already 3:26 PM EST. Where does the time go?
#RandomFact Laughing for 15 seconds straight adds 2 days to your life span
I obviously know more then u which may not say much ha
Thanks for downloading! What's your favorite song so far?? #ladygaga RT : Gaga ioki on my phone omg love
#Gulati par for the course in world football, probably sold us out for $ in our own WC bid.
Dude, great times as always! Would love to help! Thanks for the info, I'll share! See you Wednesday.
The things your mom does while youre rehearsing haha :)
More good advice from Don't get too attached to people who aren't working out. Don't let them poison the atmosphere
i havent watched that show in a while
#eventprofs worst fear RT : Woke up from stress nightmare: desperately packing for 2wk trip to Brazil, flight in an hour.
Grinding till I can put my mom in that Benz and get her the house I promised her since I was 10.
People need to kind their own Business
Tomorrow. Mass ave Starbucks
My heart can't handle this.
MIT Sloan CIO Symposium Selects Leading Chief Information Officers as ... - MarketWatch (press release)
why are you in the emergency room?!?!?
great to hear Tamara Kay at Chicano Studies library on NAFTA and transnational #labor relationships --fascinating!
IMO that should have been a goal
My son is in a good Mood today
With Huckabee, Daniels and the rapture out of the way, don't see much standing between Romney and the Repub. nomination
Yo bro I don't wanna sound like a fag or nothin but dya mind if I just scrawl some 12th c. Japanese love poems on your back for a quick sec
thanks, you too! :)
Beliebers got your back justin !!!
#anygivensunday maybe best #football movie of all time and
Haha hiding the doorbell thing in your pocket and repeatedly pushing it and annoying everyone! >>>
Even tho its only for a week but still its springbreak bitches!!!!!
Movie recommendation is Prince in "Purple Rain"
WE JUST MOMENTS AWAY FROM CRUNKMAS THURSDAY AT KLUSOZ!!! YEAH BABY!!!
The drumming cd I ordered from Amazon came miraculously fast! Inner journey 2nite.
I'm trying to study but my eyes are slowly closing shut :x
oops, I spent most of today working on something not due for a few days, instead of the stuff I need to finish before leaving today...
Adda dash of lemon to your frozen peas to bring out the bright hue!
thank you and please ask your friends we are behind at the moment and it ends today
Teleportal Readings tonight! Hope to see you there!
lol naw you know you my nig. You just too trill for some people I guess.
Hey ! Been wondering what that tatoo on your wrist says ?? I can't tell what it says !
Thank you!!
#BoringMovieSynopsis Cockney gal goes for accent-reduction training, falls for a toxic bachelor pre-Chomskyan linguist. Good night all, btw!
It's so nice out. I want my pool to be opened <3
Men & women gossips religiously u would think they're working 4 TMZ or theyre auditioning 2 replace Wendy williams its very contagious
Yikes! Clearly, they need your help.
#PayWhatYouCan double header today: #MonkeyAdored #Bhutan Come cozy up with us & some wine from the donation bar
i have an upgrade but i still need to pay 200 dollars and an extra 100 dollars for 2 year insurance
Keep It Simple Stupid...Clean your neck before passing..newb
O: lmfao. Well guess what? I just went thru ALL of YOUR pictures(;
Fun fact: We will be changing up our apartment inventory & will be adding 7 new units.
congrats on beat Duke day, now go grab a no.1 seed and beat KY if given the chance.
in the "queue" at the DMV
started work at 5 a.m. that's how you know you are insane ;)
repeating what someone blah blah blah... WHAT?!
when will you be in Miami bro?
Love the commercial
There's $$$ to be Made#AllDayEveryDay!!!
And Canó with a good hit!
I just saw Bill Cosby pick his wedgie. Oh boy!
You're so kind. Thank you!
I wonder how many years grad school is taking off of my life expectancy...
And Neil Patrick Harris...another husband man crush. If JT shows up it's a hat trick!
Are those percentages of FT v. T/TT unusual for private 4y?
What a beautiful day over on 23rd! The sun is out and people are bustling! Come grab a $5 Taqueria Taco lunch and celebrate Spring!...
I looked into it for ya, it's called being Spanish
Out in 69th. Min cash.
- How do you have almost 12,000 tweets? Crazy sauce.
The "Luck" cancellation announcement you posted just ruined my day.
Excellent point! Like the butterfly effect analogy
The Durant strike hurts but I feel better about the Mavs at 0-3 than I did at 0-2. They looked so much better tonight.
RT : What a gorgeous day! The ocean is filled with the most beautiful rainbows!
Ah 515 It's shaping up to be a great morning.
looking forward to the SIG tomorrow. See you there.
Thanks Danielle! I hope we are able to serve you. Take care :)
The Modernist Journals Project now has its own Twitter stream offering updates about new additions, events, and features.
Ur making so much money yet u still live and home with mamma at 22!!! SMH go get u a degree so u can make some real money oh that won't
It's been 7 years since the #Os have been six games over .500
I won't let nobody hurt you..
i hate when you act different around your friends when your with me
Rainy, gloomy day in Greensboro but still loving life:-)
I can see watch it on sunday ticket app RT : New England #Patriots blacked out again.
wht u mean I sent a dm to tht person an they wrote it
wont see my request and i have no chance of skyping him.....
Someone just said im bangable lol
RT : I'm putting out a new video this week, and a new track... Who's excited?
stay tunes for next weeks beating of the boys
so I reside on Blake hill now, when we chillin?
Hi - any idea when the next Comedy Class Intensive will be??
everything just remibded me of you. But its. New year maybe ill be able to put this behind me.
awesome, you?
....Lauren, Lauren, Lauren..........SMH. YOU HAD YOURSELF A RICK PERRY MOMENT.....
Excited to be your VIP Guest #TrunkShow in Charlotte
We made rice krispies treats last night and now they are breakfast. #kiddolovinit. Need to save room for brunch.
thank you so much!!!!
it would be nice.But having removed the white on your own allows the site to run faster. Big benefit for our pros. Time=$
wait you almost got mugged :o
yep, will keep you posted. :)
ahahahahahhahaha... oh wow. people are
Pb & j for breakfast >>>>
Comm plan needs a process or template that you follow every time. Texas A&M has a team and consistent process.
“: morning! Rise and shine” What's good fam. When ya gunna hit me back
Excited for Giving Back Fund's Sports Philanthropy Summit in Las Vegas at Planet Hollywood starting tonight!!
Aw! What a sweetheart!
The Latino Symposium this Saturday at St. Sabina in Chicago featuring the film...The Interrupters...at 9:30 am to 2:30 pm...
Thanks for the heads up about that page!(:
Hey its gonna by a by and large kinda day
Heading east on Anderson & there's a rainbow. SOMEONE in Austin got rain!
Just learned that Yi Sugon was a believer in tripartite division of Korean history. To him, Korea's medieval era ran from 1000 to 1850.
I sometimes wonder what people think when they first meet me, I wish I could read their mind just for that short while.
you know u pay more the longer you wait to pay it... Hahaha
Very dissapointed with the lack of customer service from for business.Signed a paying customer.
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that lies about everything
It would appear that was the only one who understood the joke. "Everyone but Romney camp?" cc
Thank you!
I'm trying to watch a trailor. Damn slow internet!
text me back. Woman.
": #Cubs and Brewers are tied 7-7 in the 13th inning. They play again in 12 hours."
I needed it to God gave it to both of us
Can't wait to see you in Oakland at the end of the week!
I've had this migraine for four days now... It keeps coming and going. #:'(
Serenading is my specialty haha
enjoyed creative economy article & would like to make an introduction to Duke Prof and author Carl Nordgren will email u more
822K ppl given $110MM to classroom projects from 230K teachers at 50% of all public schools in US thru
“: Getting married before 25 is kinda like leaving a party before 10pm #AmIRight?”
God is awesome. He is everywhere, but many of us fail to realize it.
#OREGON Here I come. Hopefully you dont send me back!
Kingdom Builders on Norfolk street..
LETS,GO MIZZOU WE WINNING IT ALL
anyone interested in a THATCamp Bay Area meet up at the Irish Bank this Sat to welcome friends from DigitalNZ & Powerhouse Museum?
good to hang over the last 2 days. Excited about the future of Sugar and doing what I can to help you grow.
This week sucked. Time to relax and see Evita tomorrow!
If you love someone, tell them cause hearts are often broken by words left unspoken <3
I have to aggreeee
Am I crazy or does that new Chernobyl movie look pretty awesome? Who wants to go see it with me?
Happy Birthday Man! Enjoy
HOW DO I GET MY T-SHIRTS DESIGNS FEATURED
Gotcha! I thought maybe it was time for some full-on construction...
The conversation me and are having x')) <3
Study the matchups and maybe you can pick a winner busboy!
I can't ever express how dumb I think you are.
"Success in life is a matter not so much of talent or opportunity as of concentration and perseverance." - C. W. Wendte
Time to sing!
The KW & I just did a 2 hour bike ride out to Smith and Bybee lakes.
How are you, When you reciece this could you contact us ?
he suffered a lot but he had a positive outlook and was stronger then any adult I ever knew
yes RT: In 10 games against the Lakers this season, the #Nuggets have outscored LA by a total of 8 points.
Happy Mother's Day to you also. I'll post another pic.
As a child, I couldn't trust my mother to pick my clothes for me, let alone a mate.
Driving back from dropping matt off at college :'(.. It can stop raining now..
I thought JuJu brought enough estrogen to the show for everybody?
Tht was all becuz of the ump. CC struck out Jackson.
thanks for the retweet!
ONE LOVE
Comply with These Excellent Hints On Health and fitness | Welcome ...
interviews the few remaining people at LGA
#umpiring later tonight!
We will see next week im a fan of all you girls but everyone have there own input.
RT : bro your so raw!
i hate that it's so hard to find Barron's magazine in Los Angeles, everything is entertainment focused but
Alright, 24-hour news cycle: you win. I have officially stopped caring about the 2012 Republican primary. Thanks.
Will have to check it out Mike. RT : Thanks to Paul Dickson for the enjoyable new book on my Dad. Fun read.
thank you to everyone who texted me! i love you all, you have no idea how much you guys mean to me <3
Thank you! Happy Racing Weekend!!!! Woo!!! :) Go
LMFAO. GET UP and go outside then xD
Ever since summer 2010, whenever I eat crunchy foods and I hear a loud *pop* I have a mini-heart attack and run my tongue over my teeth.
quite lovely
We need a lunch and shopping date asap!! <3
I'm not an alcoholic, they go to meetings. I'm a drunk, we go to parties.
I swear these ignorant "all knowing" customers gonna get me fired out here they keep on the way they are. Can't stand yu fuckersz jst kno it
#SMA Service is always on point whether in the field or at the drawing boards :)
Thanks for the mention.
TSOI-LA is at Skybar to see Cults. Guy behind me said he RSVPed for "The Cult" Boy is he in for a surprise.
of course it's glorious
Research reveals eating more chocolate will lower your Body Mass Index, Katherine Hepburn was right!
Same ol' weave , just a different glue. Mama need a perm, baby needs one too. Times is getting hard, tracks is getting loose ha
Polyphonic Spree tonight at HoB. Its been ages since I've seen Tim & Co. play SD. Best band EVER to come out of Dallas TX.
yes i think it will just take some good old fashioned pair programming!
Yes, I remember things got particularly nasty.
Things end but memories last forever
early is the new late
We have quick-fill scholarships on our website :) You should check them out.
It's Earth Day this Sunday, what are your plans?
"Oh yeah? Well, they could be a lot better too." --Calvin from Calvin and Hobbes.
your abs just reached 3k followers!!!!!
It's gotta be more than Dat to bring me down
I missed #StyledByJune on monday but please tell me it's coming on next Monday because I love your
I'm so happy for the Rangers but feel for Joel Ward. Disgusted that there are more racist tweets directed at him too
.'s Kraftwerk-inspired music festival continues today (3-6) w/ & a *very* special guest! Afternoon Dance party in the Dome!
the problem with moving into an office but not taking over the former occupant's position is you get calls for said person. all. the. time.
When comes on shuffle you don't change it
first tweet goes out to all you #mahomies we're here to support you! :D
time is flying by.
Boys better get a goodnight sleep cuz tomorrow is a Border Battle match against the Gophers I would luv to lace em up
"Hot Pink" is the greatest. You must know it!
"lord zuckerbeast." awesome.
just checked your twitter pic. You're attractive.
I recently tried your coffee because of your sample giveaway and it's delicious! I will be buying it! :D
#dragrace #PhiPhiOhara for the next drag superstar #Phierce come on guys RT
so why not one of you?
We LOVE Ya we love ya we love ya and where you go we follow we follow we follow
Yes, I almost flushed my cell phone down the toilet at the Phoenix airport
just working my dude! How are u?
haha smart independent stubborn!!!
What do you think about all the people remixing your songs in dubstep format? Id really like to know if you approve/feelings?
I bet it did!! How precious
Trying to help end workplace abuse, so lets #FW, #FT, and
Had a football meeting today.....the schedule is looking real weak so its time to go to work on this new region
man you really mailed that grantland draft article in!
Get dysFUNKy album for free while you can!!! They are uploading it on soundcloud now. I'll RT links when they tweet or follow
Totally agree! Just funny hearing her learn it :)
I don't know why I am so obsessed with the game Dragonvale
Like what?
I hate when you call a customer service line ready to rip them a new one, but the rep is so nice that you can't.
I think more and more people are shying away from "sleeves" in favor of integrated covers. Can we expect an Ugmonk version soon?
Omg i just want it to play already hehe :]
Did they discover Maggie's body or did I miss the episode?
Glad i was never a boyscout
Super sleepy but I can't fall asleep o_O how is that even possible? -_-
Do you ever plan to do a Challenge from a different Game like Sonic Riders Zero Gravity or Mario Super Sluggers?
Thanks for the mention!
I love carrot cake. :::swoons:::
How on earth did i forget #TheVoice was being pushed back for fashion star??? I'm an idiot.
Per dispatch the deputy is out and okay.
If I was a guy I'm guessing my dick would be a solid 9 inches. /via
the #Orioles bullpen ERA has been Berken'd
I have a hard time believing Zac as a Marine. I'm hoping he pulls this one out. #acting or
Ugly people should save up for plastic surgery.
RT : Dont allow adversity to steal your dream dont even let it conceal your ultimate goal.
searching thru craigslist and found a RoN Gronkowski jersey. ha
FOLLOW US ON TWITTER FACEBOOK FRIENDS FOR COMING SOON DETAILS @ COLD DRINKS,HOT FOOD, BIG FUN!!!
yea i just generalized that its a more useful feature to reduce shine/reflection than increases pixel density to make it crisper.
good morning!
On the way to kings island
They blatantly admit it. RWNJ said getting rid of Obama more important than working together 4 sake of country. They don't care
You know you truly care about someone when you have to try to convince yourself that you don't.
sign of the times, football and now bball....
": Derby week sinus infection, gotta love it.Guess ill just drink enough alcohol to kill it off" or puke it out
We are having a responsive design meeting today. We are very inspired by your work!
Clooney/Obama dinner or @ RadioLab live? No issue, I'll pick Jad and Robert every time.
thanks for tweet!
Thanks! RT : Follow help her reach 1k
A relaxed, inviting restaurant with an interesting menu-not fussy or snobbish, but created for people who simply enjoy food!
every day I hang out with my nephew seems like the best day. ;)
loving the spongeBob pic! As the cats (imagine our fat cat Wellington) in those posters say "hang in there".
I want u to sing to me like that :)
Picking up some of my siblings at LAX then off to the Viper Room in #hollywood for an EP release party for -
A chocolate malted crunch flavor! Why must malt and milk always go hand in hand? I say, malted coconut milk!
but I thought today was a good day😜
Whoops. That should be "extinction level event". And extension level event isn't the big a deal. ;-)
Just climbed a 🗻
lol met a girl who thot X was my last name
The beginning of wisdom is to call things by their rightful names. -Chinese Proverb
I am so thankful to have beautiful people like you in my life. Exhaling.Thanks for letting me aboard your life.I know I'll enjoy the flight.
My soul thirsts for God, for the living God. When can I go and meet with God? Psalm 42:2
i have The same thing (:
It’s never the platform, it’s always the message. -
RT : can't wait for the first meetup of 2012!
Dear god NO. My mom still watches Dharma & Greg reruns. It angers me.
#BackInElementarySchool "Bubblegum, bubblegum, in a dish, how many pieces do you wish?"
Me too RT : I could probably subsist on guacamole and cheese alone.
Kids get a day off from school and what do they do? Play school. Go figure.
UPDATE: Tri-Met says it will be at least 7AM until MAX service resumes thru Lloyd Center... JET RANGER 2 over scene.
Who can beat Mayweather?
“Show me a man who has enjoyed his school days and I’ll show you a bully and bore.” #Robert Morley
word up keep at it fam, just keep grindn I gotchu
Welcome back #HowardUniversity students! 2012 and beyond!
Is twitter officially ready to explode?
thank you so much!
Compassion, communication, and apologies FTW (on both sides), eh?
How come its like time goes by fast when you don't wan it to, yet it goes by slowly when you want it to go by fast?
I feel ya! Mines is more of a Whackberry than a Blackberry or Crackberry. I hate it!
OMG ezio looks too old to be so fluid in his movements in the new assassins creed game.
Today is national dance day!!
lol. Understandable. No one here says it.
He wont make me cookies <<<
that's interesting- as in "not right". MT : Factoid: Fees @ Austin libraries goes to general fund vs the library's acct.
Practicing tonight gearing up for our big St. Patty's Day show! See you all Saturday night at Cafe 322!
Hey... Im following you O_O ... U ok with that? ;)
Has anyone else ever notice how messy Justin Alamia's bathroom is. Lol
send me your addy (amykant @ gmail) and I'll get a sample in the mail tomorrow!
i mean really, who uses a mouse anymore?
I gotta wake up too a blowjob every morning
[Viral Tip ] Have a contest. Hire influential "guest bloggers" to judge it.
Fake people These days.
Insomnia like crazy...
Dnt no when these hoes goin understand that I dnt give a fuck bout they attitudes like get the fuck over it
RT : Working 2 get on 2 talk #engineforshank. Do want him on the show? Let them know!
Are you ready? Tomorrow, something really amazing is coming your way. :)
We hoopin tonight. So, if you wanna lose your lunch money or you and your girl rent money come out.
Congratulations! RT : Done with me freshman year at UW-River Falls!!!!
Thanks for confirming I'm not crazy. Glad I'm not the only one!
WELCOME TO TWITTER HAPPY VALENTINES DAY,WISH YOU SUCCESS. LUCY
what it is?
Must be terrible parents
^_^ I am happy now
On my way to the stadium!
Join us, September 16 - 17, 2011, for a two-day multi-stage festival which features events around the state. www.globalquerque.com
"If you find that you have dug yourself in a hole...stop digging." It only makes sense!!!!
I'm dying of frustration. I wish I wasn't so easily riled up. It's a horrible habit.
canadians are too polite, can't have a proper argument
The artist must train not only his eye but also his soul. - Wassily Kandinsky
...and then I go into the basement that smells like a post-Katrina bait shop and put on a jacket and gloves. Software = glamourous.
I was just asked to review an academic book for the first time in my career...I feel like this is a watershed moment.
(BTW...that's my score on a non-championship course!) LOL
RT : If you have any new/gently used shoes that you'd like to donate, drop them in the Soles 4 Souls box by the front desk by 7/30!
I wont be able to see justins video premiere tonight. 
TJ might have been a Senators fan. He likely hated the Kings.
"DOLLAR DOLLAR BILL, Y'ALL!" -
Pure sadness.
Spent the day listening to great music by great friends. Thanks !
not sure how I feel about nd joining hockey east...
They're not all pure platforms. Even if they were, platforms can't survive without content.
thank you for being on our show. It was a pleasure to speak with you.
Don't be I'n the kitchen if you can't handle the heat.. >.<
The concrete slab has been poured, construction is progressing nicely!!!
. Didn't even see Camille's, but seemed Starbucks & Quizno's was all that was open. How hard is it to f' up an egg sandwich?
I like that.
Blended is use of tech that results in decreased seat time.
“: Can not wait for Vegas in 3 weeks n get the Fuk up outta here” get out
Almost done. only been 6mo. Patience grasshopper. RT : fix your bridge it's been a yr. I could build a bridge faster
Sweetmeats are candies, while sweetbreads, which aren't sweet, are meat...
What does a man consider a seven-course meal? A hot dog and a six-pack of beer.
Reminder to current students: Don’t forget to submit Winter 2012 Registration forms to the Registrar’s Office by Monday, October 31st!
Good football week. Now time for baseball ⚾
Time flies when you're a second class citizen!
RT 'Retweet' this post if weight loss is your New Years Resolution for 2011!!!!
If Montero swings any harder at a pitch, he'll blow a hole in his bat if he ever makes contact
when I know I look like crap and he says I look beautiful>>>>
#Canucks fans getting a little cheeky after #Canucks stave off elimination
is gettin it done.
thank you sir!
what's the latest? You'll find out coming up at 5AM on
If #AustinTo700K gets trending, the first person to tell me would get a DM to Dave and a BIG SHOUTOUT, <3 We do this for :D
I can't believe you're not at # techrakingcir. Bay Area w/o Auggie sighting =
had the same convo with my boy the other day...preach to them, these youngins don't know.
I guess you aren't following me on Twitter anymore either... :(
i have like noo money! and no way to get any! im going to cry:((((((
the kind of flawless i wish i could be.
I remember Firkusny playing Janacek's 1905 Sonata almost 20 years ago - what a performer.
GET THAT OUTTA HERE!
Game Day! Spurs vs Raptors. Go Spurs Go!
giving up an extra bedroom. But in Austin it is sunny over 300 days a yr and warm enough to swim April-Oct
sure. Send me your email address and I'll send you the mp3 files. (I've got several I made from key moments last year)
What's more Cinco de Mayo than a trip on the Erie Canal? Well, lots of things, really but tomorrow will be perfect. Join us!
Wonderful to hear all went well at your launch ! Thanks to and for making it happen.
Goodnight everyone :)
"Bucks fans, Are you not going to the Bucks games because of their record, the building, or OTHER?" << Other = SJax
My eyelashes burn for some reason ~.~
or I want to punch you in the face. Lmfao am I right?
Tyler Perry -- Madea's Studio Goes Up in Flames
If you vang handle it yourself, outsourcing is a must!
Who gots A drive-in theatre in their Cityy!!!
Justin Bieber ♥ & 1D ♥
My momma always told me if I didn't have something nice to say then don't say anything at all! Guess I'm not talking for a few days!!!
hahahha. That made my night
Its funny when something is on tv and everyone post about it on twitter
why no answer? And why must I pay $19.99 + another $20 to exchange a phone that is under warranty and which does not work?
Shopingggg!!!;D I have quite the passion for fashion(;
So when I meet you tonight we are calling so she can say hi to you! kay?
we just got 2 books in the mail to go along with our dental hygiene lesson, so we read those.
Was having a good night. Then I watched the DS trailer. YUCK
Rock so many hats they thought I had a Lebron linin'/ I'm what the games missin': The Colts w/ Peyton Manning
Something has got to be done to my hair. Ew
Noo bull!!.. Id stop breathin if she told me 2!..
happiest high of them all! 😄
black berry I've never liked .. Ppl who like encrypted messaging and the keyboard like it :)
i miss my dad.
I'm at the #cbjDraftLotteryTweetUp and can't decide what to eat
I hate that. Super frustrating. I wish there was a way to stop it
": Found my way to Toby Keiths #vmwarepex" <-- nice to meet you!
RT : A (Jewish) Star is Born: 1898 Mac Baker 1908 Syd Cohen
RT: boom bap effect tonight in shadow. calling all emcees! www.shadowlounge.net
she is so perf sigh
Bank of Texas is hiring Branch Managers - must have strong sales and ops exp. Email me at
Likewise. RT : +1 RT : You know, I may be in the minority here, but I LOVE IndyCar 2012. It feels like a SPORT.
Great article, thank you for sharing! I signed up for the bibliography from www.jnforensics.com. Incredible resource!
If I to be a architect.......haha I don't want
... You sir are crazy ;) lol I tweeted the thing about the AC at like 9pm yesterday XD
I dnt wanna fall for someone who's too busy for me
Pearl Jam - Amongst The Waves - 07:50 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
And because I don't have anyone to care for my files after I'm gone, I don't have a future.
Before everyone passes out or get's drunk, I wanted to say thanks to all of you guys who follow me, this year was a lot of fun with you guys
: When someone stabs you in the back <<<<< did not see it comming
jim carrey is #unreal as the grinch.
Stomp The Yard =)
nun takin I knew wat u meant :)
Feuding Officials Hurt NBA Players Union The labor battle between the NBA and the National Basketball Players Association was an ugly, pr
Two days down shooting a Swordplay for Shakespeare video series. Played Banquo and Cornwall so far. Benvolio is next on the list.
No Matter Where You Go, You Are Who You Are!
What time will you be on the air tomorrow?
no signal! after party
everything gonna be alright, just believe it and pray #TSS (via: )
Is there anything NOT being released today? Happy
I really don't need to develop an insomnia habit.
I haven't tweeted you in so long . Hi. :)
Britney Spears -- New York Bound for 'X Factor'
Grand opening of the Yolo Project. Someone has to chaperon Wes!
Why you calling yourself BARBIE and you look like KEN?
go play your instrument and write a song tonight. It wil make you feel better.
Always and forever a pleasure, Gregg. And yet you keep thanking me. :-)
I currently have sciatica shooting down my right leg. When did I get old...and how can I reverse it???
Ace Hood has me so geeked this morning ...
I have to work! :(
Rodgers had jennings wide open!
The India #turmeric has medicinal properties that help #Alzheimer patients.
Joe Cunningham from UKansas held telecollaborative mentoring btw Americans learning German and German businesspeople. So, not peer-peer.
Mcdonalds drive through guy trying to make conversation.
RT : tulo plays #boyfriend when he comes up to bat! BELIEVE IN THE POWER OF THE BIEBZ!
Not bad... But the maturity level would make it a bitch. =P
you need to settle down!
If you weren't at our show, we hope you went to go see our great buddies in play with Greely Estates.
There is never enough Tina Cohen-Chang and on Glee. NEVER.
be safe!!
I've noticed my cell is getting WAY better service than before... which only frightens me to see my next phone bill.
trust me when you're makin more money it'll all be worth it.
hotel VQ celebrates Denver beer week with the "Buckets of Beer" package. Check it out at www.hotelVQ.com
Another successful Pastoral Artisan Producer Festival. We can’t wait until next year!
buffalo cant handle me and scomes punk rock life. fuck the police
Want better content mktng? Focus on the 3D's: devlpmnt, discovery, & distribution nice, insightful post from
The most #famouslies is "I am fine"
I love the riddles that you speak <3
Storage Wars, yup
La trip is tuesday can't wait to visit some friends and meet some new ones!
who is your profile pix
Having my first Peabody's of the semester with , yum!
obviously Anna and Bates! How could you not?
oh btw I got paid yesterday so I actually bought your EP :P I'm gonna start burning copies. Prepare for a FL fanbase xD
You coming to Sabra's GovGeek event tonight?
“: "is that a bottle of ketchup?" "I don't know, probably"”
I refused the full body scanner @ LAX today. Got the pat down and honestly not so bad. A whole lot better than getting cancer!
you're wise and prudent. I yield to you.
It's responsible for more web traffic than Facebook, pretty unbelievable right?
Prosser's total went from 739,070 to 739,072! They found my and wife's votes in Milwaukee's 59th afterall! Every vote matters!
RT : Incredible #Denver SEO firm looking for candidate w/technical SEO expertise AND client management skillz. @ me.
Testing out tweet archiving
The Galactic Senate suspected cheating when the clones score identically on their standardized tests.
great question Austin I would suggest calling the recruiting coaches with those questions 877-845-6272.
hello there! how's your leap day? :)
Not just numbers, you word-miracle worker
Without faith a man can do nothing; with it all things are possible.
The secret of dealing successfully with a child is not to be its parent.
Received a hand-written letter from a friend today. Wow - these things need to make a comeback.
after a long hard day at school, that's what I'm talking abouut (:
What a beautiful colorado day spent out on.the golf course
did she sound happy when she said I was moving ? :/
current or past episodes?
At Gower studios - Hollywood
Do it! Or just start reading - there are some really interesting academic and more pop culturey linguistics books out there.
I remember back in the days Chris&I would always go listen to R.J. Matthews speak. He knew how2 preach!
We'd love to see any photos you may have taken at our tournaments or events! Please share!
We just hit someone
Heyy How are ya doing today?
Looking forward to 's event 'Chicago Conversations' tomorrow w/ , , &
Sid Meier's Pirates! for Wii is possibly the best video game ever! gamespot.com/915017
Tell the Man to suck a dick.
Tx! We've posted regular messages on our intranet from the Japan team. In response, our employees wrldwide have been generous.
Filling in play-by-play with DJ on the radio tonight for the #Maineiacs vs Baie-Comeau game tonight....French Anyone? Ha Here goes nothing.
just finished 'Disintegration' on kindle for blackberry - great read! Now I can put it down and get on with my life.
": "You get that right tickin' rhythm man & its ON!" Fats Waller #jazz #music"
Hatin ass niggaz kan suck a dick and go to hell!
Who's the top team in the west again??!! Oh yeah that's the spurs!!!!! #NBAPlayoffs #addiction 💜😍
hack me i bored?
You is kind. You is smart. You is important. <3
We are looking forward to a scrumptious meal at tonight!
when your professor's shirt comes unbuttoned and she is accidentally exposing a wide portion of her belly to the class...
Minions, you delight me! I truly Laughed Out Loud tonight! Thank you!
tupac wakes up for a second to check if i'm there, then goes back to sleep, lol :)
At my niece's school for honors night... I dislike middle school. I was such a bad ass, got into A LOT of trouble...
what in the world does that mean? Haha
theyre not :( they have a show in Michigan the next day
Thanks for following! I hope the #BizExpo planning is coming together!
Get 'im while he ain't across the dang room! Gogogogogogogo!
North by KanyeWest
which social media platform to use less important than the movement behind it via
When what you are doing isn't working, you tend to do more of the same and with greater intensity
m so fine plus love the music!!!
I'm impressed by how Brouwer's modernity combines with folk and dance idioms.
Need to promote your company? name? band? Let Siren Promotions help!
I'd rather have her my way like BK
It's no secret I'm older than most of you, yet I feel like I'm supposed to forget my age and pretend to be a monster.
it's not the votes that matter, it's the results. See you after school.ps I have 4 votes now anyway. Boom.
How about them #Dolphins? Can they run off 7 straight and sneak into the AFC east division title? Stranger things have happened!
beginning debt management companies. credit repair in 21 days.
i followed
Love the people/sites that don't understand that.
Sweet, my bro got me a #ucwhiteout shirt from their bball game #BEARCATNATION! :)
Sorry I haven't been on alot. Toenail is really sad :(
Im on my way to go hear my baby brothers heart beat in my mommys tummy ! <3
Scotch eggs and onion soup will cure any long day! And the good beer and service always help :)
Apple iPad2 announced: thinner, faster, lighter. Available Mar 11. Facetime; front-facing camera, cool magnetic cover/stand, new IOS 4.3
Let's also put those people in wacky loft spaces that no one without their shit together could possibly afford.
We the Kings are gonna be the next big thing..
Why thank you!
Got an awesome adjustment from feeling great! If you are in LA you MUST see him!
Hi Hi
"I am healed from sin." (I Peter 2:24) #thatswhatHEsaid tonight
Tik Tok: 1 MORE DAY UNTIL FASHION'S NIGHT OUT! Check out www.fashionsnightout.com to find all the lastest events
good stuff right!? I laughed so hard when I saw that the first time.
And me!
nope that's Tuesday :)
okay, if I can see your stunt ramp, we're not doing so well.
A real leader faces the music, even when he doesn't like the tune.
At the Granada for KT Tunstall...
This time again expressive lineaments exquisite
Dude I'm kidding!! Hahaha :D
so cute!
wanna work on the essay tomo during last study hall?
I swear my phone
Hi there - thanks for following Better Wine Guide! I hope your harvest went (or will go) well!
yeah yeah i know...ive been told one too many times
sneak a pic for us...I dare you
Very nice avatar! will surely approve! RT : Have you seen my new profile pic?
Tyler Farr on the radio?!
love your coverage! Are you hiring? I cover local govt, civic news. Thanks so much!
RT if you just read this.
Happy Mothers Day to my hotness of a Wife Thank you for our 3 babies!! I love you!!
< 4 hours until our Apple A Day Giveaway Kicks Off!
Watching #Smash while I prepare headshots and resume for an upcoming audition. Fun, fun, fun!
As you know, I'm always happy to spread the word about your fine work
Forgot to tell you did watch video you still make me cry. I know not sad stuff but so proud of you!! I can't wait to see you!
Thanks so much for the well wishes!
M lesbian rice krispie treats
im for sure going to check him out on the 5th. The rest of the bill that night doesn't hurt either.
Pedophiles make no effort to hide on Twitter. Why are you sick fucks not in prison getting raped like you should be?
Download links coming soon!
Blah blah blah :-)
i'll be at torrey tom morn for farmers open w/ sd mayor, hear the north is as tough as south. visit, we'll play both and decide!
RIGHT NOW IS GREAT....CALL ME I'M WIDE AWAKE....
#ICantLiveWithout my boys
yes ma'am I am lol
Caps lock isn't big enough to describe how AWESOME The Avengers was. Thank you Joss Whedon for making these past few years worth the wait!
AZ's immigration law enrages Latinos - #BarackObama must be saying Republicans thanks for polarizing the nation's largest minority
so where u from?lol
I need more UK Grime in my life. Who are you listening to?
thanks, Adam!
Put first things first
Congratulations to Aaron Rodgers for winning #MVP!
or we can all just go to California instead.
Its all in the wrist
your welcome ^_^
4 ACES GRILL appreciates the follow!
Random ; i always thought Tupac was cute. The only male that look good with a nose piercing!
So tired 😲
So if we held auditions for guitars and bass who'd be interested in playing with us? let us know what's up.
im watching harrypotter live!
I feel the samee way I'm bouta go to a Massage place lol ..
oh and kill bill! Both of them, one little more than two but still. And Inglorious Bastards.
woke up listen to that nigga 2pac........
Falling asleep at work...BAD...falling asleep and SNORING
Yes! Wish we could rewind and replay. An outstanding workshop!
Yes bro , My mom doesn't want me to drink anything tho -.- & I bruised my tail bone yesterday :'( lmao
Katy freaking Perry. Goddess.
is looking for 3 degree qualified #Junior #Network #Engineers for an exciting company in Seattle.
MT : Spent all yesterday and today scanning Deaccession images/text from August to last week....for show
i bet if they announced new targeted assassination/indefinite detention programs targeted at SLOTHS that people might actually care
alt+cmd+lgroup arrow - expand/collapse all layers including nested ones. cmd+lgroup arrow: expand top-level groups.
I was afraid it was something like that. Thanks for posting it though!
Question - do in house departments monetize internal resources for comparison purposes with external counsel
My knicks look good tonight!
correction: THE MOST AMAZING day ever! The only thing that could make it better would be you cuddling with me right now :(
Malachi just said that he "has too much knowledge"
no maybe that could be the reason. jk. Well I used to have a crush on Kim possible. I loved her hair & voice
that's good kinfolk.
LOVE THIS QUOTE <3 IT IS SO TRUE
Apparently the criteria for living the 'American Dream' now includes being born rich and creating a line of hair extensions.
RT Never expect. Never assume. Never ask. And never demand. Just let it be. If it's meant to be, it will happen.
nice. I got mad slices
im bored im mean really bored :|
I like the medication because it lets me know that these aren't the droids I'm looking for.
Still remembering my little girl !
I hope that the blazers make smart moves rather than being stupid and feeling you need to sign somebody!
thanks for your comments and I am glad U liked it!
I dunno. I hope it's a kitty face. :3
Today #WarisChildsPlay opens-our art show at the Spinning Plates Gallery! The opening ceremony starts at 7pm, with music, wine, and more!
The gatekeeper at the company I just called has a British accent. So awesome. I am a sucker for that.
How that feel when your main squeeze is somebody else's baby momma? I don't know...shit will always hurt tho...I CAN'T imagine tho...
Projected growth in #VA revenues will have to be used to fill holes in retirement contributions and tapped rainy day find
No Xbox. Too poor and not enuf time to really play. My career choice is way more time consuming then people think.
True...but you know the media.....
Chicago is crazy. THE finest girls. THE HOTTEST SPOTS.
Ready for next week
make her sing Austin Mahone he's so better than jb
I will call you back when I get a chance.
most amazingly beautiful & tallented girls!! evss!!
It's an amazing day when you come up with a plan to cry your way out of working, yet, another fucking weekend...
lol n u know this yes u gone have to come hard cause u knw my skill r great whn it come to bbys n um gonna b moven soon
come visit our booth at SD pride tomorrow--say hi and take advantage of some great specials!
TGIF!! RT : Woohoo! It's the weekend...what are your plans #SanDiego? We're excited for some great golfing weather!
Hi ! Enjoy the tweets!
hahaha km.all excited.now. lil I'll ask my mom to take me tomorrow now haha
Glad to see that my Comcast service has joined with Teachers Union in show of support by not working.
Way to play UK..its miller time....
lmao! Yes ma'am! Mickeys tomorrow??
I texted my friend about how Chicago might get a signing for the boys, and she just texted me "okay". WTF? I'M NOT TAKING THAT BITCH
it was fun for us also ... wierd questions and interesting answers xP
you're out school now?! :D
Motherfucker You really Dont care for anyone but you self! are you that ignorant that you think ill will go back crawling to your door?
hell naw, I guess they don't , I'm glad I got TOYS lol
A lot of hate in my timeline towards Canelo, but Jesus the guy is only 21!! He will face tougher opponents.
RT : #Hair Tip: Once done blow #drying, flip your #hair upside-down & blast it with cool setting to set style & add
Dude I guess you'll have to do a solo mission on some fat ass little blunts! Ha
hey fellow tarheel fan I talk to you.BH
Thinking about the fact that two of my all-time favorite movies, "The Parent Trap" and "The Magnificent Seven," turn 50 this year.
You know I still can't believe we both did some things that I don't even wanna think about.
great! lets do it up!! what is your email address? Ill email you the Q&A!
Busy week so far. Working on sound for my short film Rain Dance and getting in to producing mode for a feature film. Read-through this week.
That was a dream right??
The good acoustics outside of the former Library atrium now Star Bucks attract musical students, entertaining mid-afternoon foragers.
hola fort wayneians..im headed back to michigan and I am here in town for another day or two...new phone with no numbers call 727-768-2217
Many, many thanks to new Project 20 Remix backers , , , and You guys rock!
Try not to become a man of success but a man of value. Albert Einstein
ohh, shut up!!!
RT : man... I wish I would've went. I had too much work :(// Str8 Awesomeness!!
or you could just keep ignoring me
I had coffee too late at night! Still up.... good thing I had something of consequence to do.
Going to testing center to sit for VCP5 test
I'm so hungry.. I could eat a horse
LM Mayor Art Madrid hawking city's reapplication for "Playful City USA" designation, all about community wellness
you're so welcome! Those kids were so excited to meet you, I'm so glad it happened.
Bout' to go hit the babershop nd get cleaned up wit the bro'
Everyday I'm shuffLIN MT : Guess this was Linevitable: jeremylinheygirl.tumblr.com
wat u mean easy
Just because you said you’re sorry doesn’t erase the fact that it happened.
every time i treat my mom bad, i think of the days when i wont have her and how i should appreciate her.
watching the documentary again just made me prouder than ever. It made me remember all the good memories, fangirling and all :')
I'll keep my shit protected for a week, see if that works .
my anxiety level has to be at its max right now.
To avoid becoming an identity theft victim, here are smoe tips. Shred all personal documents and or call A1 Shredding (832)545-3949. .
thanks for the follow!!
cant wait to finish actually :)
The ticket inspector on both trains I've been on today has just looked at me and walked away...
Im reportin his ass...He did dis in front of every1 like its no consequences for his actions. Im goin to da Board asap Mon.
looks like today we will stay closed ...puccia fan come back tomorrow ciao
What could be better then the beach and movies... Stay tuned for the L.B.I. international film festival schedule!
Thanks for the support
This year he is healthy and playing well If he continues to play like this no one miss Howard
Who's your pick for Mayweather vs. Cotto???
I have always wanted to live in a tree house.
jump ship
Sunglasses Hut Credit Card
omg my new puppy is soo cute
I want to think that all of the conflicting symptoms on this schizophrenia ad are accidents... But they're appealing to my other self. # ...
,i loove u
gimmie something tough to spell, that's easy.
Just need to go pick it up. :/ lol
#njdevils. Are shaking.3rd period is the most important right now #flapanthers. You can do it! Defense and attack!!!
I voted no on HB 5005 when it come through Economic Affairs Committee. Thanks for your support-keep making your voice heard!
Quark. I'm sure he'd know all the loopholes.
We will be playing at The M Room Friday November 25th!!!
ikr how old are you?
N btw your hair looks awesome!
DC: Desperation -noun: the state of being desperate or of having the recklessness of despair; the GREEN team..
Watching "The Hours". This is too intense.
The gym hired a fine new blonde girl while I was gone, I'ma have to ask her out tomorrow
missing the AMA's but I wish and good luck at the show... you're amazing no matter what <3
LOVE it!
Just wrapped up my meeting to launch my show on a new station #Clear Channel's #WLAC. Promo has been cut! Sundays, 10-11AM CST!
Oral Roberts just made the Sportscenter top 10. Wow!
G.M.N.I.: Caress a woman's mind & you'll make her legs tremble.
Harvested kale, cilantro, lettuces, mustards, chois and herbs this morning, come by for a taste!!
goodnight y'all
I wanna feel reckless. I wanna live it up, just because. I wanna feel weightless, cause that would be enough. "Weightless" by All Time Low
Awesome playoff games this wknd featuring 5 SB MVPs: Brees, E. Manning, Brady, Rodgers, and of course, our own Ray Lewis...
Hope you enjoy our Hoosier Hospitality! Welcome.
About time we solidified that D.
It;s late, see ya in 5 hours.
Have a good weekend, everyone!
Awesome tour & mtg at today. Really cool space & an awesome addition to the Boston/Cambridge #startup community.
Prediction: In Detroit, the tweets per second after an Inge walk off homer would exceed that of Obama's gay marriage support yesterday.
I thought I was the spice of your life. Or Rosie.
Thanks!! Feel free to use any photos on our facebook page... facebook.com/iamskele
please let me know : ) my students really liked the texting this can be another way to review or help assess needs
it say it in my mags I'll bring one in tomorrow so u can have the address u can also send letters to other stars to
If you are a "foodie," this will be a great estate sale for you... TONS of small appliances, Wolfgang Puck cookware, knives, baking supplies
Sirens going off everywhere
religion is pretty warped. But some of us sincerely believe in God and not man's institutions
I wonder where I can find that Harvard Jeremy Lin jersey in a kid's size.
I'm so excited!
#WW Thanks for the mention!
Yay thank you!
I wanna write "I miss you" on a rock then throw it to your face, so you can feel how missing you hurts.
right? But Samuel L Jackson looks good
i don't like you anymore.
dang you got it!
do u know when they are being announced and is he starting the tour with the US cause i heard its a world tour?
10 years since #NYC was attacted..my beautiful city is stronger than ever
I need constant reassurance!
YES 5EVER ITS LONGER THAN 4EVER
RT : Thanks for everything you do!! Your staff did a great job:)
Just cause its gross I think
RT : Hate has no place where God dwells. Let LOVE rule.
ditto! See you around... The last day of the conference.
aw, thank you!
They're little mini Tampico jugs, perfect for a quick thirst quench ;) Lol, we absolutely love those little guys :D
I don't care if you like me ! I'm not a Facebook status !!
Nothing in life comes easy
Health Related Articles Blog: Narcolepsy Diet Program - Foods That ...: Narcolepsy Diet Program - Foods That Heal And Foods That Kill...
For how many yards loss? RT : Sky sources: Liverpool have sacked Kenny Dalglish. More to follow.
Vote for Paul George in the dunk contest! #GoDogs!
I hate to see you leave, but I love to watch you walk away
if anyone pinches me today, i will burnt their house down.
Excited to have a booth this year!!!
Bruno Mars and Train are not going to be enough to get me to return to #Preakness. They are a step backwards from Zac Brown Band.
The weekend looks dicey starting with scattered showers on Saturday. 64° inland, 54° lakeside. Keep the umbrella handy!
Walks and talks highlight CU&#39;s variety of trees
Classy move by Xavier coach Chris Mack addressing fans and alumni before the game today
This is a calling to arms. We cannot face all these decisions.
Sent out first proposal to our first choice of director's for BEIRUT. Will hear back early next week!!!
are you producer?
All artists in New York & New Jersey give TKO a call at 404-610-2511 to talk business
New articles up!!! Get them while they are hot!
119 seconds. (the appropriate time delay between pouring and drinking a Guiness)
but he's a really nice guy! i mean he likes michael jackson too ;) that's all we talk about is michael jackson :)
Save an additional 20% off ALL sale items! Use coupon code: EXTRA when you checkout. Don't miss out on this big sale going on right now.
Wisconsin is gonna miss you! You've got a really bright future ahead of you! Hope to catch you on tour sometime soon!
I know we've been spoiled here in Wisco this winter, but one snowfall & single digits already has me ready to get outta here.
Pew Research Center's "State of the News Media" report forecasts news gathering trends and the need for more digital mobile content.
thank you and same to you!
Basketball game
Hire character. Train skill. ~Peter Schutz
Hah very true.
amazing you guys...one of the best performers yet!
I was the one who came up with "Filthadelphia."
aww tyler is hosting the #newyears thing for mtv :)
Hell yeah! It is going to happen!
you're* & yes I live here.
Happy birthday to the amazing, phenomenal !
An anti-abortion group from St. Thomas Aquinas is now lobbying to be included in the 2012 Hampdenfest.
The sound is so good I might cry. Just been to so many shows with so-so sound at best. But this. Yes.
what's good my nigg! you remember a dude named "sly" from ny? He Said he's known u for years. He was in the airforce.
PAIN Promo Shoot today 12pm to 3pm. Then FEAR rehearsal tonight ! Busy day. Lots of progress 2 be made!
Surveillance video shows suspect robbing dollar store in NE Harris County - KHOU (blog)
“: Just remember; someone loves everything you hate about yourself.” somebody else hates everything you love about yourself
You should slap that on some t-shirts and bring them to
Welcome Denise & Sheila!!
apparently you two are part of Nevada's History according to historyNevada's twitter.. lol HAppy happy! :)
will have an official site up the end of this month and will be signing bands in February like stated previously
That's a nice touch. RT : Much love for the fans: there are 12 feathers in the neck and pant trim.
Watching the Japan disaster show on Nat Geo.....in absolute shock.
#IfTwitterHadAPromIdTake If he'd take me(;
what ever!!! I remember saying that last year
Duh! Of course.
Pierce joining his Celtics teammates in halftime shootaround. Walking fine.
what a wonderful cause... happy to follow!
thank you for your support. We will keep it in mind!
Thank you so much, Karen. Very glad to hear.
Hey people good morning follow me ! tnx ;)
Alice, omg. You're so pretty.
YES. If you like sappy romances.
I love you too <3
The left called Bush a chimp. I thought that was racist and dispresectful. Don't you? LOL
Be sure to follow for your chance to win signed DVDs, posters, & t-shirts from !
So cool! I wish I was there. You guys are great.
FINALLY SSBB is getting a price drop to $29.99 on June 10th
Expect more speeches if I get a B in Pre-AP English. Four. More. Percent.
and if anything bad happens then well ignore it lol
Amy Whinehouse died. All my prayers go to her family
but at least Cox is good.
Math test & Health Quiz tomorrow ..
Not by looks, bc Lubick much bigger, but John Havlicek...dude made money off of setting picks
fuck yes ;D u ready to get down and dirty with these boys ? Lmaooo and u ready to kill some 6th graders ?
You better feel good about that.
Thankful this morning! sometime prayer shouldn't just be when you want something. once in a while you ought to do nothing but praise Him!!!
Can i get a fucking donut???
My Windows Phone is now running Mango, so sweet.
Sitting on the porch, drinking coffee, eating frosted flakes and enjoying the weather. Nice last day in Kentucky
Glad to hear you enjoyed the exhibit!
hello girl thanks for following :)
man i just realized i had plenty shots last night
jordan 4 Holiday at the Electrifying Amsterdam houseboat to browse ...
Boston Bruins!!!!!
insulted by booze breathed woman on my bus ride home. what did i do to deserve that? she said i was rude for blocking her view. uh, crowded
NUGGETS MUST BEAT THE ZEBRAS
why does Kansas/self struggle do much in tourney? Continually underachiever.
People on my tl cant spell .
Fall, my best season.
Is it just me or is this Floyd Manny fight overblown. Neither in their prime, early mid30s, hasn't MP won a few sketchy decisions recently
Mtv movie awards!! #teamtwilight yeahh buddy!!
We can't wait to hear them! Good luck in the "lab"!
i wanna go bar hopping again on friday! that shit was too fun! :)
Tonight, Monday, April 30th! Meet me in the city at the Boocoo Monthly Blues Jam! , 1823 Church St., Evanston, IL 7:30pm!
I wonder who's gonna win Monopoly! The rules are simple!
cool, always love your comments :)
Bronson says was flight attendant of the year 3x in a row from '06-'08 out of 3,000 Delta employees based out of Detroit.
": The devil keeps on testing me but God keeps on Blessing me !"
haha no problem its my job to make sure you don't loose your popularity mister. hahah jk :P
Shower beer??
Got my daily email reminder from my fitness meal tracker website....while I was eating a cookie.
nope. I'm stoppin that so I can put some more real shit on my resume lol
Whether you call it a challenge or a problem it is still an upstream thought.....go with the flow.
“: Thanks for the follow Kate!” WOOT!!!! Kg
lol your welcome love you too renee
haha, yk that would mean we'd all have to match, and I have to get too corsages.
happy happy happy birthday <3 :*
Blake Griffin and Reggie Evans high fived each other over an opponents head they called it taunting it was just silly
nice haha that crazy series. Good luck to em tomorrow don't wanna go back to Pitt!!
...a home for some on center-left that was separate from Labor, which is still widely tainted by Oslo/Arafat association.
that would be awesome!!! I heard about you and Andrews trip your taking! Haha
We're back up! Thx for your patience!!
Kudos to everyone who helped Lotties Lounge raise $300 and 300 pounds of food for the Rainier Valley Food Bank!
went to guest house for the first time today to help serve a first-saturday meal -- pretty intense & amazing place. i'll definitely be back.
Normally I can trace geting sick to lack of sleep but this thing just seems to be coming out of nowhere.
Still have any KBS?
update 2.0: [ ] knew what dime was
True that!
A woman of 35 thinks of having children. What does a man of 35 think of? Dating children.
Don't b racist b a panda they white, black, n asian :)
Everybody, it's time to get #stocked!!!
I agree on the buffet avoidance. Room service instead? Room service best part of a hotel stay.
Yet another snub Jules ! ;)
:) back atcha! How is the new house?
I had a bunch of beer today and most of them were from Chicago! Win.
Thank you!
RT : Practice loving everything and everybody all the time but hang in places and w/ people who lift u up
When did the History Channel become the dumbest channel on television?
: "May twelve angels guard you while you sleep. Maybe that's a waste of Angels, I don't know."
"watch out now" -
new beats at coming...
Start the day getting rid of 507. Strength and core!
Worst call of postseason leads to 14 pt swing in favor of Packers.
Think Kreider wishes he was back at college? NOT!
Lol, you are cute my crazy friend haha!
I failed that last one. I must do good. So so hard to study!
I got to listen to more of cassidy.
merry christmas to you as well.
you need more potassium. Eat a banana today!
I didn't even know we had a 2 hour delay...lol.... I'm not going anyways.
BIG UPS to . If you haven't swung by the lately, check out their remix sitting @
Nice! I have the grey wolf-warrior (used to be called navajo) and it's gorgeous! The brown bear is my all-time fave though!
good luck with your book signing today. Wishing the best of luck! If only I could find a way down there to see u :(
PickUpLine: I'm scared of getting pregnant, so do you want to go up to my room & test out all of my condoms?
#workconnectsusall with this chronologic tyranny "business hours". #20hourworkweek is what we need, not #sxsw online vulture capitalism.
I hope has an awesome day too haha don't let anything bother you bud :)
I don't like those odds.
Prediction: 9 months from tonight, Greater Los Angeles will see a spate of BBQ Sauce Babies being born. LOVE WAS IN THE AIR I'M TELLING YOU
i need more followers who wanna help me out
exactly, my dear. Romneys folks were handing out fake slates in Nevada, trying to trick voters to support his delegates. Ick
Mobile content gives control to student, more social, goes hand-in-hand with the cloud,
#Austin any questions for a Latino? I can take it.
Working on a law firm marketing department analysis/realignment report
Ill take it
shag rag!
Sad Story, NASCAR on Fox host Chris Myers' 19-yr.-old son died in a car ax.
take good notes!! Let me know anything good!
S/O to new follower
Watching a re-run of Antonio Cromartie struggling to name all of his kids is comical and sad!
I love Water for elephants...
haha me too :(
(1) Things we ought to do (2) Things we’ve got to do (3) Things we like doing.
nice and now we have them both
I saw at Clyde Common last night
Jersey shore at nine yayyyy boy
Long time reader/fan. Would like to get your opinion on A.Smith's champ game. Appeared to miss 2 throws, wr's no seperation.
I just haven't had a good day. I need to talk it out but it seems we talk to. Much so idk if I should come to you....
#20thingsaboutme 9. I didn't like American Idol until made me watch it when I stayed with her near the end of season 10.
thanks mike
Holler! Gotta hit up #Chaps in the morning! Have you gone to #raw yet?
okay first of all i'm not a bro second of all shut up i could care less about your moving picture!
He'd film homeade porn in the locker room. Lisa's busy smoking weed with Method Man
Just heard someone refer to nerds as Nerf herders. Pretty funny.
Here's your daily hint for the Santorini Winner! - She referred at least two friends somewhere south of St. Paul, MN.
Award: , producing concerts for kids that will include pre-concert learning activities.
Good point, I'm sure they can make up some rules, add variances, and even compete in 2 or 3 man teams. Again, great shares!
Im sorry yall but some people make me SO mad but im ok :)
good morning tweeties :)
i need to vent
": Omg i wish I could take pictures...just seen this dude with plats with the big wooden beads on the end"<> u not serious lol
Lucky, man. I'm hugging the back wall because I need a plug. Also, beware the White Queen.
UIS: If you received an email with 'New Secure Message Regarding Your Georgetown University' in the subject, its part of a phishing scam.
RT : Given the success of the Tupac hologram I'm now considering going on the road with Bob Hope.
This damn dog is aggravating as fck. I wanna tear out her vocals cords. All that damn barking n carrying on. 😒😒
literally got the text to go out right after I tweeted it.
RT : RT : Want Phree stuff in and around Madison? www.phreeps.com where you can get free food, drinks, entertainment
Don't u just love this TZ fake stuff! Masterfully done n b/w! Timeless. @
FOLLOW AND I'LL GIVE YOU A COOKIE :DD
my daughter has made some out of strips of paper to some effect. Tho I bet yours would fetch more in eBay.
Ah, I finally unfollowed Guy Kawasaki...I was getting so sick of his dozens of automated tweets each day!
I'm fantastically well! how r u?????
I don't remember that last time you said something nice to me
pretty good(: what about you?
Just left great meeting. Sat with potential new client and we sat there and talked about life. Not so much about business.
Well you know my motto on that. Lol RT either way I would do whatever I wanted.
What up fam, follow back ya boy J Notez.. God Bless
I'm bored. Someone entertain me.
My to-do list no longer looks like a shoulda-been-done-weeks-ago list.
RT Citation is a politics. When you cite Heidegger, for example, you're also "downloading" his network
Maybe he left it until today to give it more visibility to the manager
When a hair brushes against your shoulder & feels like a mosquito. So, you smack yourself repeatedly until you realize it's your own hair.
Did I just hear that correctly? #PlayBook OS version 2 is now available for developers?
Good morning Monday
RT : Can't find the right words but I love you.
RT : RT : Almost time for dinner!
you did great!
Toronto doesn't count because that's Canada. All they have is shitty #CFL and #NHL teams there in Toronto.
I know a couple of Mexicans without their visas, but they trying to arrest me for unpaid tickets like I'm the alien.
I put an aftermarket pipe on my bike. And I'm not sorry.
: Twitter should have a Like button :)) #thanks for sharing
Ta'amu! Yes peace out Casey Hampton
please tip me
Hahahah I think I might have an idea
It's Fat Tuesday! Maestro is fueling our creative energy with fresh, delicious paczkis! Yum! How will you indulge today?...
Haters Gon' Hate!
Life is short...live it well ;-)
ENKG... STOCK OF THE YEAR
I'm listn 2 a Smiths CD that I rented from the library... Now, I'm going to download all of their songs in mp3s (again)...
I had lost my password 4 twitter & so have not used it for awhile. Glad to be back!
Keep spreading the love and follow my documentary !
I'm gonna keep my eyes peeled. Looks horrific / awesome. Thanks!
How is it going guys? Will be here for the first half then have to head out
yes and no power. You?
Do you mean the go go global & makura in Chicago? Very nice
Titans favored just twice in Wks 2-16 on opening lines at , but 3 games were PKs & TEN likely to be favored vs. JAX In Wk 17.
If cleaning your own stone do not use products that contain lemon, vinegar or other acids, as these can etch the surface of the stone.
Zayn is always hated on ppl saying he's a terrorist -_- well people say I'm a russian spy/terrorist just cause I'm russian japanese irish
Ok so the steel band done packed the Martinis in Ft Wash..real mature on a Sunday...
Also I don't usually replace numbers with letters but Twitter was cutting me off.
Awesome! RT : Hair dresser just asked me "do you have a wife at home?" when I said no she said "oh, can I trim your ear hair?"
Looking Foward to our Performance Showcase Tonight at 8pm!
been in bed all day to sleep off my illness..hopefully tomorrow I feel well enough to go to the lake
I believe there is a generational divide among Black ppl when it comes to LGBT issues. No wonder sum their churches look empty these days.
Staring at the bottle, then her nails: "Mommy this isnt purple enough!" She felt duped & you could see it in her eyes.
New So far, awesome! :]
Im The Weird Gurl At Skool . The Gurl Who Gets Bullied Just For Loving The ICONic Boyz :/ Just For Being An #ICONiac & #GRANDer :'(
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend who always have you ctfu !
Last time I checked, "no" still meant "no". Did this change when I wasn't looking?
happy friday..
Glad to be home
* iNeed Me A White Girl
lmaoooooo niggas disrespect and broke the floor
Hey I love you booboo ^.^
Dear President Dilma, please save the rainforest & protect our climate. Veto the new Forest Code!
Cool just got told 3 times lol I'm leaves *wipes tears*
MIKEY!!! I LOVE U! Cant wait to meet you in April! Follow me!(:
Stay away from gossiping friends. When you're away guess who's the topic of their conversation? That's right! You!
what a lovely thing to have!
Thanks so much, we have been working hard to make things easy to find. Awesome therapy materials offer coming very soon!
the vibe is thick in Chicago - The Jaws theme quietly in the background
Thanks for the heads-up – we'll look into it!
You never lose by loving. You always lose by holding back 
Want to make a deal at #RECon12? Use the hashtag #REConDeal & will help spread the word!
Watchin #TheWood on till I k.o
Oh...I love that idea...I'd need more orange and yellow though!
Business travel will keep me away from most games this season, so it's better for a season ticket holder to run it.
USHER CLIMAX IS DA PERFECT SONG
syllabus syllabus syllabus silhouette silhouette silhouette oh oh oh oh
Sending this to Lori, Get to work douche-knocker you are on the public's dime right now.
word up do it u ain't going to miss shit in jerseys
It is as simple as you told me: I love you and you love me. Hold on to that and never ever let go.
your the only BOY in this shady world forever stay by my side and for you i will ride till i die cause ' BHABIE I GOT YOU .
What does it say about my life that I know the codes for 3 Starbucks by heart?
Break the MOLD!
thanks sweets!!
Aunt "Yall married right" Cousin "....Yea...?" hahaha
I WANT A #NATIONALCHAMPIONSHIP RING!
Fantastic day shooting the diner scene and museum scene getting ready for nights this week - gotta have a lot of coffee :)
Oh, that sounds lovely! And I am, thank you. :)
Headed back to the lone star state ;-) ..
I'm in desperate need of a new writing chair.
Walking around in cowboy boots in Pennsylvania. Haven't felt this conspicuous since I was in Chile... wearing 100% normal clothes
I suggest the Mophie. Not only gives you extra battery life, but also protects the phone.
at least you get less done in less time...
Hey! The market is open from 10 until 3 today. Come down early and stay later. One Drum plays at noon.
There's one positive to lizards. They eat bugs. For my case as I'm terrified of bugs, I'd invite him to visit, but not stay!
"RT: We will NEVER allow a few folks out their talking nonsense to detract us from the commitment to social justice"
Proud to say you all had my vote today for #AD77 on Central Committee :-)
tell her to get in here
just unfollowed every newspaper. twitterfeed nice and uncluttered by already-read headlines
Just watching a movie now!
No more #ABCScandal and no #BFV (heavy sigh) TV is real bunk right now. I miss &
Ok. Now I'm going to Dine Out for Life. While wearing my I <3 Buffalo Football tshirt.
RT Everyone is invited to the presentations today - 4pm undergrad capstones. 6:15 pm grad student MA's. Conference room.
make a friend request on facebook
working hard as always
Only you ♥
how else is he going to make you nervous about the incredible destructive force and beauty of a thunderstorm?
May the 4th be with you!
I can't buy you expensive stuff, but you can bet I'll show you love. Show you how much I care. If love is here, then I'm right there.
when are you going to let Roku use the HBOgo feature? We pay enough each month, figure this out already
neatly bizarre. naw, it's cool, for real.
We #Welcome #NATO and #Occupy have a good meal..see a show!
thanks for the follow
i thought it was amazing how he out did him self instead of someone else
I've always been good with words, but sometimes they insist that I treat them badly. /via
nun much n miss u 2
haha thanks. I really don't care tho. I just hated the class
Meg and I are heading to LA this summer -- I'm joining the faculty at USC. Go Trojans! (Except when they're playing UT.)
Ugh. You are so right. Meteor game.
Hey sunrise.
lisa is done...went too far with everything
Money Can't Buy you Class but it also can't buy you love.
what is it called?
that will affect him throughout his life. Seems a little strange for a parent to willingly inflect that on their child
Only one sport enables a team to stay in its back yard for a full regular season and win a "national" (cough) championship: college football
This birthday is turning out better and better.
YOU! i've iss you!- i love ssaying iss and not miss-
we went to Matt's for lunch, it was great. Night before, Truluck's with just immediate fam.
What the fuck is that smell???
My verse + new instro =
Wine night do over, but this one is on the roof! It's so nice out.
I know somebody who can help you with marketing! Let him know I sent you :-)
Practice time :)
gotta thank u and grant for bringing Audrey Napoleon to my attention!
FYI: British fashion company Burberry is the fourth-fastest-growing company, behind Apple, Google and Amazon.
i feel bad for your sister. she's never going to have mr. coombs as a teacher :(
A favorite running song of J is Aqua Barbie Girl. Throw it in among a lot of other randoms and it is sure to make you laugh.
NY and PA had the largest fleet of steamboats in the 1830s/1840s - by far. It seems someone should write "Steamboats on the Eastern Rivers"
evidently they thinking its Yahtzee...its not a pretty sight for whoeva them shots see...lol ..classic line..
is it really snowing?!
FOLLOW BACK !
thats awesome! RT : my son likes to do the #2weekchallenge work with me
I read an ad looking for cooks on the hot line as looking for line cooks who are hot.
#TeamBreezy FOLLOW ME ILL FOLLOW BACK
Money dnt make me i make money
dude...nice little downpour at the compound right now.
What, no Outback love? We're crushed.
Book your appointment for the holidays early. We are filling up fast.
I need something to eat
Im looking for a comedic agent???
it's to send good thoughts to the families and working poor living there. :)
Hope everyone's having a wonderful holiday season! C+S is busy busy and will be making some big moves this week! More info to come...
Get Pizza in a Kone today 11:30-2:30 Hwy 40 east 75 next to Atsides Rest. Supply ingredients local teachers get free beverage w/order
June, could be early June. RT : when is jorge de la rosa's eta?
Great week to you too Mick!
can I have your things if you land on the island?
So tired! 
I hate going to funerals. My mama always make me go.
no fan of Keynes, here's what he'd say re groupon: Markets can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent
Next Friday we'll have our first Summer Sports Series with Volleyball, BBQ, and beer. Look forward to seeing y'all there!
RT - Wily Mo Pena / Arizona Diamondbacks' Wily Mo Pena hits walk-off pinch homer to beat Cleveland Indians
Carlos Tevez is a dickhead
Ugh....Drop dead Bathtub Boy. Don't you realize how fucking stupid you look with all that make up on. STFU Pancake Face....
The one weekend I decide to come to OK is the one weekend they are predicting a 'violent weekend' of tornadoes.
Fred Fiedler & Martin Chemers Improving Leadership Effectiveness
Sic Semper Tyrannis => Thus ever to tyrants, motto of the State of Virginia
PLEASE ROBERT FOLLOW ME! YOU're VERY SEXYY!!!! $
13? That's tomorrow! What's up?
#BeavisandButthead werewolves of highland and crying was the funnest thing on tv
Swag swag swag on Lou Niall by the fire and hes eatin fondue Liam knows about me Harry knows about you so say hello to DJ MALIK in 3 2 FLICK
what up hilarious one.?
No they aren't wasps there just the regular variety bee! Lol, they hve nest in desert they don't sting just annoying :/
Yeah, you may talk to me, make me laugh, and say the sweetest things. But how many others girls do you do that to?
You must go out I demand it.
you look so gorgeous Ashley!
always a txt or call away!
thanks, it wasn't so much an attempt to define authentic, more like bringing awareness to overlooked variants of dishes.
if you're out there, give us a follow! i'm curious to see who uses this crazy twitter thing.
My new phone case came today, but I can't get my phone out of the old case.
Lost the other half.
Awesome win ! Glad I stayed up for that!!
xD de-di-ca-tion! haha. I need to get back into writing something. I feel as though I've become such a crappy writer.
when will you be droping an album or mixtape?
nice...I wish I could say the same. Mine is just getting started, but I'm good.
I heart us Reds fans. :-)
You should do it for sure!!! Make a video and drop it on Youtube. Step one to going on your own DJ World Tour!
Let's be friends!?
Omg. Beauty Bar. DJ Red Eye. My fave Saturday nights ever. Just beginning.
Why do I have a sinking feeling that the Steelers season is pretty much over before it's begun... So many injuries.
It's about time woman......... Now I can get my day started
YOU freaking rule! How was your thanksgiving?
Do I become a Grizzly's fan now that the Preds are out, or do I just go to sleep... z
Yes, it sounds...Just. Like. That. lol
yeah who doesn't , he is nice . But Domo is who I bump the most cause he funny af
hey just wondering people at #ComicCon can PLEASE PLEASE get me a pin of #mokingjay THANKS
Have you checked out the latest issue of I Am Entertainment ()? Great features w/
Might be Taking my Talents to Florida
OMG<3 i talked to Him today;♥!
From moisturizing Shea Butters to Black Soaps made by West African Women Cooperatives
my hair is long... I kinda want to cut it... but I know I'm just gonna do the same shit and not be able to grow it out super ass long.
traffic sucks.
Wow, just wow...way to start the day on a horrible note.
I really need a thirstbuster to quench my thirst...
Aye Ralphie you a pervert too, don't front lol
Fog is burning off - Ocean Beach here we come!!
Perhaps at the end of May; plus really excited (: RT When will you start filming Bling Ring & r u excited? <3
I want a purple lightsaber and some kfc.
We were talking about Alabama in US History today. Is it strange that my mind immediately when to ?
The block is hot!!
don't you mean "alleged criminals?" ; P
oh around lol my phone has been legit stupid lately
Have NOT set an alarm ALL WEEK!! FABULOUS!!
Progress might have been all right once but it has gone on too long.
ahaha oh yes enjoy it :p
Whatever that means RT : No Turkeys Allowed
Its nice out side but its cold out there some b's but I'm Anit mad I still got to go to Work anyways so enjoyed the day
hits #1 with Drink On It - Blake, when you come to Fort Wayne, we'll "Drink On It" too! Congrats from your buds at K105!
how do you explain girls that love cars?
so, what really makes them great is what the leadership/interested parties have to do to get their war.
I dont regret anything
i get my 1st beer from a GIANTS fan WTF!?!?!
Doing Crossfit again. WOD: Chelsea. I hurt so good.
Haters can´t bring me down!!
Check your coat pockets. All of them.
Had the PB Blackout from The Flying Cupcake Bakery yesterday! A #mustdo if your sweet tooth kicks in on your visit to
PS: I still own and enjoy a 7 inch Droid tablet. It's decent 4 what I use it for. Books and Web browsing.
#musicmonday Tyrone Wells!! He will be playing a concert Saturday night at the Games June 5 '10. www.tryonewells.com
little dragon beat go boom! Good luck on the mix down!
If u don't know the half, then u don't know shit.
call me fam
thats about correct..probably about 2-9 bc apparently this was an all day ordeal....
Love Selena. Makes Me Cry A Little Everytime I Watch. Great Movie.
i need to take a nap, and by nap i mean go into a coma for 10-12 hours.
shut the he'll up
It's times like these I begin to miss it
I broke an #ARROW with my #NECK at
I know
I do it because I can, I can because I want to, I want to because you said I couldn't.
Ready! RT whos ready for round 2 on #NextIronChef? Will be tweeting live thru out the show at 9 PM EST. Stay tuned!
Robust search of training catalogs in Plateau6.4 - very helpful for users to target the training they need.
"A person with a reason will always find a way."
I am so lost! What is in two days?
Happy Birthday Jetson!
haha, that's what abhi, niyati, and I are doing too haha. those old guys killed it
out breaking the bank with
Action is the foundational key to all success. Pablo Picasso
Long day ahead of me. Gotta setup for the party weather looks good so far hopefully it holds
msnbc and NBC are not truth seekers! That's why they're viewership continues to decline
Is kind of a nutty question to ask, huh?! Backlinks, SEO, etc...
Big congrats!!!
It doesnt seem important now but what does your water bottle brand say about you?
It's been three days now since I last checked how much money/equity I've won or lost. Plan is to check my results once a week max.
yeah I was told that this morning.
Haven't been feeling right lately...... ;(
** With People Aplenty, Twitter Aims to Cut Through the Noise [ Bits ]
ik right! it's so good, takes a spot on my top 10 of all time lol
R.I.P Joe Frazier u will be missed. Thank u for all u have done in and out side of boxing.
video shoot right fast wit
the next
Hopefully i get a b-day greeting from this girl
I believe the color is coming from winds on the front of the rain storm kicks up dirt into the atmosphere. That's my guess.
:P love you
LOL RT : Reports of my death are greatly exaggerated. Again. Signed Cash.
I'll be there this week!! RT : missed u Sunday night homie!
I've been reading the blog his mom writes for a year and a half and it has seriously changed my life.
EVERYDAY DIS WEEK....
You're only... what... 6 hours driving apart? :) I'm like... 3 days away... man America is big
My life would b so much more peaceful if I didn't live under a unruly 4yr old...smdh
The #Yankees are the only #MLB team yet to win or lose a low-score game (i.e., games w/scores of 1-0, 2-0, 2-1, 3-1 or 3-2).
New Year's Eve cold is 99% gone...that was a nasty little bugger. Working on answering weird/crazy questions this morning.
Good morning everyone follow me and I will def follow u rite :)
lol we're about to have some phat wallets !
Have you read John Jeremiah Sullivan's essays in "Pulphead"? Great stuff. Also Wade Davis' "Into the Silence" re Mallory et al on Everest.
when I go on my computer next, ill hook it up
Hell Yeah You Know
Watched RJ Berger... LILY WENT CRAZZZYYYY! that was so good. an cant wait til the new season of Fantasy Factory :) so excited
Just Keep On Loving Me.
He's an architect. It's all leading somewhere (in addition to the bank).
whatever. I'm just so tired I never wanna wake up again
I want an exotic animal someday..
It's early, but the K-zone is very normal today.
But those would be political questions, not legal ones.
Lady: I'm a temporary appointee to my reference job, and I just applied for the permanent position. Fingers crossed!
The World is Dieing,
Helping center grove and Northview pull out their tarps.
Grandma Chelo called me a junkie before hitting me. She then said I hit her. I need to get out of Dodge. I have enough on my plate.
most unromantic thing I've heard all week!
Digital Services Seek a Captive Consumer
My kinkiness comes from deep within. What you mean is, now we know what I see in David. ;)
I couldn't even go jog this morning<<<
Horribly funny. RT : It's mother day.... So, I need to hit up a cemetery and pick up some flowers.....
I really wonder where people or how they find my instagram.... imageisamount
i shoulda never even said anything this morning....
we have $2 ic lights all day everyday now. Our contract with coors light expired.
Lunges, sprints and jumps on roller skates.
FMIG Students: Come to Med-Dent NE201C now for a conference call with Fort Defiance Indian Hospital to learn about rural medicine.
You bet!
I'm sorry April. That makes me sad. I'm so thankful for everything you did for me in making the case for me. It meant so much
Thanks for following! love, yoko IMAGINE PEACE: Think PEACE, Act PEACE, Spread PEACE IMAGINEPEACE.com Direct message sent by Yoko Ono
My mother is a happy soul!
I worry about this regulation. We need something, but I'd like a better sense that this is that something.
Its not about da fight sometimes when we trying to succeeded, its more heart and courage and knowing da best is yet to come
keep dreaming big, my friend
Speaker says "face the fact, our Hispanic pop has grown." She says new services are needed.
Thanks for the comment!
Hi Carol! Thanks much for the RT. Missed you at Ballard. One day...
why did I call him boss D: ?
trying to figure out the best route to be a military pilot
And everywhere I look, you're all I see, did you mean anything, can't you see you're my everything?
DO NOT TALK TO THE COPS
What does your friend teach?
our pleasure! hack and snack
Desperation is the raw material of drastic change. Only those who can leave behind everything they have ever believed in can hope to escape.
I'm an exception for almost everything. I am so specialzzzz
When you were all talking to me in the back of my car after that Knitting Factory show.
My mom just told me I was an orange..
Ill be at 11,000 FOLLOWERS TOMORROW NIGHT !!! s/o all those SUPPORTING ME and my MUSIC !! tell ya followers GET AT ME
Going to the summer music festival Plaza? Stop by for a sweet treat!
*~bored den a mofo rite now in joncas classroom with Belser and....my class:P bored den a mofo rite nw~*
I'm hanging in there. Pretty much in a brain fog. Funeral is Fri then celebrating my dad's 85th on Sat. Roller coaster wknd.
so wat up
. wrapping up another great week in our traditional way: Beer Friday :) What are you guys up to this weekend?
Real Eyes Realize Real Lies
Who remembers what today is?!?!
Thank you back. I looked your reel... Interesting to say the least. Keep doing your thing.
The only thing I can't stand more than people who dislike are liars.
The role of the wagged media who while being duped lapped up the sensationalism. The parallelism is amazing.
Loving Chef Adam !!
[GT]PSA: #Community returns tonight! If you're not part of the audience, you're part of the precipitate!
must have had a long night because i am actually up before him <3
I love you!! Can't wait to see you perform this week! Follow me?? :-)
RT : Saw Sam Dekker play in all-star game. Reminded of Keith Van Horn playing at Utah. Versatility perfect for Bo.
Tiger's in contention. I'm definitely watching.
The raccoons are making me lose my mind. I'll be spending tonight in the mental hospital, where hopefully I'll get a good nights sleep.
my sisters have a game so I gotta watch them both and sit with the Madre. :)
i'm always creepin ;p haha
Mason folks: myMason is back up. Total outage around 15 minutes for this afternoon. ~1 hr for the day.
Can't wait to see the new concept #Ciel in person-I NEED one!
IT A BEAUTIFUL NIGHT TODAY BUT IT A LITTLE COLD .........;)
If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dreams.
ha! I'll even fly the pussy to me!
I can paint your portrait, work with you on price www.leocortesstudios.com and email
hey, our shows are at the Freshman Centre on Thurday-Saturday at 7:00pm:)
either Tampa or Ft. Lauderdale??
all the good ones are taken
I'm insane? Fucker, I'll show you insane! #gtfo yourself.
I'm a lame
What probate
- I suppose the other early knowledge of them would be Goodbye Goodbye from Fast Times. Great song & placement in the movie.
The bottom line is that it's all worth the trouble!
should've asked Ron if he is getting tired of seeing Gordon Hayward plaques everywhere he goes...
Man needs to keep in touch with his primal urges, whether through sport or through violent movies. Otherwise, we'd end up like Bill Wyman.
He's so greedy, he JUST ate
Of course this is not say, working hard and smart was not involved. But learning to manifest was key!
u should really come to texas!!:-)
thanks so much for following! be sure to checkout <3 have a fantastic day!
hope you have a lovely Mother's Day complete with pleasant dreams!
sallltyyy i forgot about the concert at UC tonight. 😠
Quote of the day, "Give and you shall recieve" -Luke 6:38 and coffee this morning at
"I Have a Degree in Liberal Arts -- Do You Want Fries With That?"
Oh, my ears. This crap is horrible! Now I know why I haven't watched this show in forever.
Thank you for the kind words.
Strong fathers in the home who are involved, solves the issue. More family, less greed! "Disenfranchised Dads" at lulu.com! CARE!
they have a good business school too
BigH Mantra: Accomplishment trumps fear. Every grain of accomplishment allows me to discard a grain of fear.
Everyone here at #TheWorldsMostFamousArena would like to wish a very Happy Birthday to Superstar !
I'm excited to see my girl #NataliePortman tonight. #Oscars She's still my #1 celebrity crush.
my mom's all like "turn the movie for your brother when there's an inappropriate part" he's 9 mom he needs to figure out the nasty somehow
This feeling is terrible, make it go away.
Pink haired guys that you yelled jkiehjuijeuih to XD
hey will all of you TRUE directioners out there follow this up and coming singer on youtube for me she is RT when u have
Khaleej Times Sport - tennis
All it takes is a little faith,truat and pixi dust -peter pan
what do you got for us tonight? Any new tracks?
"So What Instrument Do You Play?" Smh I Am The Business Behind The Operation, Not The Talent...
danielle has no twitter...
I want to be a sardine and change the current. Anyone else feeling the need to swim against the rest of the school?
Mrluga you're right, but I find that people are much less forgiving because you should know what you're doing... and I clearly don't :)
Yes! Different than Trocadaro... But great!
Just saw some #cosplay peeps downtown. is this weekend obviously.
. is great! It is difficult to humanize a figure who is so polarizing. You capture CT's perplexing character with grace.
i put up my 1d poster
I take no vacation from your presence..
Hello! Thanks for reaching out. It's good to have allies.
How is OPT things?
Vegas! RT : If Khloe & I take a city what city should it be??? #Kim&KholeTake...
RT : Gr8 presentation by guest speaker! // Larry is a great speaker.
OMG! That sounds so good. I can't wait.
OK so I've had enough with these Lexus commercials- ANYBODY who knows anyone who has ever received a Lexus with a big red bow for...
follow me if u want baby to stay on youtube 16
we love you bro!!
- Good point, Luis! What are you working on today?
Indigo Girls concert tonight with my 15 year old dd, motion hearing in the morning. Good thing I didn't lose my voice.
New Ink coming soon:D
Of course now it's going to tstorm hail RT : Getting wise to Texas 'fall' weather. Wearing sundress today so I don't fall over.
SHUT UP! I know how feel, Gelare! It's really sad when they leave! :-(
how about we trade for someone who can put a ball in play instead of pitcher
Thanks! All the best to you as well.
Good luck with your #SYEP application. We started in 2010 tweeting about openings you can intern for
and we take take take it for granted that we'll be the same, but we're making all the same mistaaakkeesss
I want to go back to the days when Devon Sawa and JTT were the teenage heart throbs.
4 keys to video games: immed. feedback, choose level, positive reinforcement, mastery. Apply to learning! Alan November
If You're Going To Have Doubts, I Encourage You To Doubt 1 Thing....."Doubt Your Limits!!"
www.themoaningnews.moonfruit.com is a hot magazine that featured Yhai Portier from Houston. Go team Yhai !!!!
• I see a fair amount of minor leaguers with protected accounts, they almost always grant my 'follow' request, so why not?
oh...i aint watchin it! I thought u meant if i'll watch it at the movies or on the internet :D
It was pretty awesome. For the 2x header we were in section 134, 4 rows off the field w/ ALL day sun. Temp: 105. = burnt skin :)
Getting ready to hit the gym today. Late start but love my Saturday mornings with my wife.
Goal for the day: slow down
If Debbie Peagler had been charged appropriately, she would have served 6yrs max, but she served 26. Crime After Crime helped free her.
Make sure your portfolio reflects the position you are shooting for, not just the position you have.
Dreaming of bbq
The idea that have-nots are really soon-to-haves is a fantastic lie that keeps the never-to-haves in line.
The really frightening thing about middle age is the knowledge that you'll grow out of it
This one is confusing. Subject: Germany Gets First Strike With Extra Inch. Msg: Hit a home run every night with your gigantic bat.
Go to 59 Canal Street tonight sometime before midnight. We'll be there partying for Miles' birthday. Bring your horns too!
Been riding in a car for 6 hours!!! It's driving me nuts! I just wish would follow me and make the 6 hours all worth while <3
I HATE the sound of these damn birds in the morning .so annoying by my window
that's awesome!!
I wish I had siri! Damn iPhone 4 -__-
Interesting to watch how is using her Win8 tablet almost like a teleprompter.
Headphones? Check. Going for a long walk!
Happy birthday to poet and City Lights founder Lawrence Ferlinghetti!
That homeless person that asks for something to drink, yup, that's
why is amy fisher on celebrity rehab? Since when are criminals considered celebrities?
Hm...we're coffee people and not so much tea people, but we'll look into it!
"I think personal bloggers tend to be under presented at WordCamps.
you are gorgeous! Look like a young Helen Hunt.:-)
so awkward lol
all I can say is that #yourebeautiful (: please follow back!(:
People sometimes mistakenly believe that factoring is just for manufacturers, but factoring is for virtually every type of business.
That banner gets a straight red from me.
where in freehold?
I just lost my temper at the TSA. Never a good idea, but especially un-bright the day before Thanksgiving.
for sure! Just let me know when.
FCP X | Creative Rebellion via
What is your favorite thing about English?
marlon perkins' wild kingdom sponsor
you should tweet me because yolo. c;
“The only disability in life is a bad attitude.”
thanks for the RT!
. big bucks for anyone who invents way to sync your Twitter feed on screen with DVR'd program.
RT Advanced People Search.....I've found shoe designers,onomastic experts,you name it!
Then embrace the change Darling Clark! Each turn, each bump only makes us stronger! And you www.clarkcoffey.com are amazing!
First terrible film of #SXSW: "Silver Bullets" My high school film class made more interesting movies.
u a clever mtf man
TWEET ME .
New Nissan Altima, to realease in July, to be a hit
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer
too bad I got it off today :)
EL OH EL WUUUTT??
tough with kiddo
“: Wonder if we can all agree that Phil Pressey should have made the Cousy Award finalists. ???????????????????
Another great day is in the books :)
Thanks for the follows
well at least it'll get better eventually.
I can't watch Never Say Never without crying.
Spain, but they're both Spanish speaking so it's close!
Most requested song on my fanmail is one less lonely girl by the wonderful keep requesting at !
awesome!! They won that game the day before my 21st birthday SO you know I was one happy girl!!! Lol ;)
u aren't home?
Had a nightmare where you distracted me from my to-do list with dancing and arm-flapping. Priorities, you know?
on my list of things we have to do when you visit!
Sounds Like Flynn working deal out with Miami.
Wow!another friday!But with a meaning.........(US).
2nd day @ #ala10 and still no lanyard, what gives?
I'm tired of all these #dumb ass #insecure ass females with Da #fakePROFILE that shit lame #AF DUMB HOEZ LOL I hate u #bitchez real shit...
Thank you for sharing your story and Happy Birthday to Serenity!
Don't forget it's Meat Lover's Wednesday tomorrow! A pound of meat for $8.99 just for being awesome :)
That feeling you get when you realize you'll have a bad ending for the year because Jason won't notice you.
Sampling Free State beer on Here and Now on right now.
Today's lunch special- OYSTER PO' BOY SANDWICH with french fries for $12.95 (served 11am to 6pm)
what??? That is messed up!!
Love your costumes!!! Congrats to third ward team for winning the contest! Happy Halloween :)
Me feeling frisky tonight. Frisky = cum dumping in your dookie chute, while sucking on your toes, giving you a reach-around. At Chili's.
Love aint love anymore
They better be!! (P.S. Way to be a leader off the field, too.) RT : noo the young dudes are ready
If you have connections to free or discounted food you should start calling my your girlfriend now(; #amireallyputtingthisontwitter?
I was sad to hear is against the minimum paid sick days. Forcing people to choose between money and health is unacceptable.
I think so!
Catching up on about 10 weeks of The Economist. Thankful for spring break this week.
He is the wind beneath my wings, I am flying high!
lol! Your too much fun hahaha
Skinny nigga but I do it large like a 3X
A2: bring examples to the table....site maps are great, Wordpress examples and designs that you like
that might be an issue :)
awesome, thanks, and nite ;-) what time is it there?
can't say i know the answer to that.
People are so damn shallow smh
Have a great night guys! Come back tomorrow & try our strain of the day; J-27; great for depression, nausea, loss of appetite, & focusing.
Awww poor baby,just leave lol
Hijacked again! Sorry everyone. Please ignore that weight-loss spam from me.
this shit is too easy - freakin Brady
Damn you, Grey's!!!!
Not too bad, UNITY is growing doing some awesome wishes! have you seen lately? Glad to see ya doin what yer meant to
let's go DANCE!
then def. don't see the pics on getty of his mom outside his house.
Radware Collaborates With IBM to Help Customers Achieve ...
I would like my free burrito now
oh yeah. I want to volunteer to wash dishes or something.
stupid football is depriving me of watching on 60 minutes. Ugh
How you manage to fit 4 cuss words in one sentence amuses me.
Facebook/Twitter fans: Come get your FREE SPICY CHICKEN SANDWICH all day today! Show this message to get yours.
they got a p90 app? :-)
*Sigh* So bored. What do I do?
So tough! We actually have a post coming up soon on this very topic. Stay tuned! Best #nachos in
RT : Cancer or Pisces. People should appreciate them more : Which sign get screwed over the most in relationships?
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency reports that some 30% of buildings’ energy is simply wasted.
Dam Mya don't hurt nobody my favorite!!
Sure I am, Spammy. RT : Your a lucky March Madness winner!
Lane, you PIMP!
Starting my night full of meetings... Im so ready for this weekend come and be over already!
You can be first to market, but "best to market" may be more valuable.
social media networking media soon - and I am tweeting about it!
yes it is the problem ia that its due tomorrow amd I havent started my outline just gathered ATON of info
that's awesome! RT I got my tweet read on the morning show. I am such a geek!!
would love to hear your expertise on the subject- great handle! Caught my eye
Just 72 more measly hours.
As much as mainstream fare tends to disappoint in general as of late: it's somewhat offensive to see how Austin Powers 4 is a trending topic
Thank you to my new followers!!!
facebook in pirate talk? How do you do that?
“: On the way to DENVER!!!” find for that fire
I've more or less eaten nothing but toast and celery for the past 3 weeks.
SHOUT OUT TO YOUR TOP 5 FAMILY AND CORPORATE TEAMS !!!
How do you know when the stage is level ? The drummer is drooling out of both sides of his mouth
The more I live the more I realize I love country music.
they have women's too.
ayoo what happen on da block
RT Women in #STEM panel @ #tcbwomen w Anita Borg Inst., & Weather Channel... thx Keri it was great to sit on this panel
I feel the only benefit of suffering is being better equipped to help others with theirs. Can't wait to exchange hugs. HNY <3
I still can't get theses to understand that i'm a write-in candidate, the next person that says to me "I din't see your name on my ballot
Every day I'm shuffling
Why must i love someone so far from me? Gahhh i love me tard and love hearing his voice in the morning. 2 more months
": Everything is boring now, not having you around" aww thanks bro
Hey British followers! Just wondering, what are your images of American girls? Be honest, just curious :)
Discernment is not about feelings or emotions. It's about being sensitive to what God is trying to impart to you.
haha quite a late response. I was all about updating. Haven't noticed a difference yet
No. Going now.
ah...i love fridays, RT this if you also love fridays.
But I can see how some might be confused.
AMAZING WOMAN. excited for tour. i'm gonna pay the most expensive prices. I hope there are VIP tix to meeth er.
Getting excited for fest tonight! will be in full effect!
Just racked my latest batch of beer. Home brewing is fun. Cleaning up isn't.
I swear my 11 year old sister is THE best!!
Duffy is my choice. I hear he looks great this Spring.
So the Red Sox saw Scotty Pods' .289 OBP in A and thought "we need to get some of that?"
TOMORROW NIGHT THE TRUCKS WILL BE AT SEMINOLE HARD ROCK CASINO. Don't forget to check out
All mfs do is lie now days.....
Hes everything I want and more(:
You're Not Alone
#cnnnye Anderson lets see you swim with Michael Phelps again take it off like Kathy!
I want to know what Obama thinks of Pakistan inviting China to view our helicopter! Pakistan is NO ALLY!
Football is #1 IMO no question RT : ...best sport on earth??? Uhhhhmmm....no.
I will look for him, thank you.
Knocked to the ground and attacked. A sexual assault victim hid under the jacket attackers used to cover her face until police arrived.
DOJ Clarifies Meaning of 'Rehire' for I-9 Purposes
Another beer? No, no, I couldn't possibly.. Oh, you insist? Well, in that case, it would rude to refuse, wouldn't it?
Didn't even question it when offering first bite of big Mac that's how you know...
You're going to love it! Celeste did a great job!
So Happy For you!!
thanks, Amy! Hope you & Snoop (and your other boy) have a great weekend.
Hour seven in hospital - now waiting for Cindy to get her room after surgery. My productivity is waining. I need a job or a glass of wine:-0
Marcum is becoming fascinated with business models for digital projects; libraries need to caretake scholars' digital work.
...come to the city that never sleeps of corse...nyc!
thanks for coming tonight & sharing your passion with us students! Big thanks for making the connection too!
Ten World Champions limited edition prints of Nelson Mandela signed original artwork released in USA-details at MandelaArt.com.
There's so much I want to say ,I'm trying to hold my composer.
I want to get drunk, but if my best friend can't . . . that means I can't.
HOPEFULLY SHE GETS THE POINT NOW
Hopefully I can download #dreamchaser2 before school tomorrow
back in H-Town after smuggling 1,000 wet books thru the SW & starting 4 Underground Libraries. R History won't be erased!
How you feel on the inside reflects how you look on the outside and vise versa.
Congrats on the #webby for best magazine!
Yonas and Jake Miller are pretty good... But they aint got shit on Childish
why are you sad
another thing, when or if i get a bf, i need a guy who is like me, goofy,funny,laid back,down to earth, and of course cares for me and DGAF
it looks like Austin Public Arts is a hot topic right now! Don't forget that we need to support all aspects of culture, not just live music!
Tweet o'the day, LOL RT : Iowa fans about to storm the court at Ohio State.
Lord & Taylor is mophing to Kohl's with incessant sale days so that I always feel I just missed something or should wait until tomorrow.
The Blackhawks had a great win against the Red Wings, do you think they can keep the roll going and beat the Stars?
Like taught me- all it takes is 20 seconds of an ounce of courage to change things. :)
Thanks for the follows! Keep in touch.
Started finals today and finished my first one in ten minutes, feeling like its going to be a good finals week.
Grammar: the difference between knowing your shit and knowing you're shit.
Day 1: Watching a Japanese pitcher with a $100 million contract. Day 2: Reading how the West commodifies Eastern visions of itself
aww so cute, but uh... fill me in? What the heck is Upfronts? I have never heard of it & I have heard of most everything?
Sometimes you have to be clear with people when getting a point across. For example, that butt lift looks stupid.
I would die if you followed me!! Your my idol!!
#Tito should have been the #Sox manager for life...
Game on Blue Team! MT : Good morning, Virginia! Are you ready to see and ?
OKAY RT : "Let me show you how your pussy works!"
Vote for AT&T Goal of the Week, Wk. 21
You should follow ! :D
there was a suspicion that the teacher was y.
Hey guys!:)
hahaha, it's all out of love, ask my brother and mom LOVE her accent :P
I love Kyrie Irving. Is that gay?
Haha my life sucks ass :)
MT : It's always about the people - and embracing innovation with no fear of failure.
Nothing beats being woken up at ungodly hour by a text to landline message from a wrong number ... Except jetlag. :p
Feel better, but sleepy! Ttyl.... Goodnight!
Good luck to all of tomorrow's #BostonMarathon runners!
So long as there's Fox 'news' I guess this is needed. Boy are we a bunch of educated ones. Not.
Well Kasey fell asleep on me. Some friend.. Lol
Stuffing my face with cookies.
“: #GetOutTheRelationship if his jeans are tighter then yours”// then I should be out!
Oh....school clothes, not "play clothes"
Remember yesterday when Joey Votto hit 3 HR's and the last one was a walkoff Grand Slam! Good times, god times!
I'm learning not to put 100% faith into what someone tells you. That way when they let you down you don't feel as hurt and dissapointed!
Coming up w/Voices For Children: April 30 = wine tasting at , May 21-22 Soccer Tournament, June 1 our #bowling event!! Stay tuned!
If no one says "swag" anymore, what do they say?...
My 92 year old grandma is staying up later than me tonight. I'm cool.
I'm Blowin' up now! I was just offered to work on a project paying a $6.25 an hour!!! On a show I can't even find on google!
Had a great show at The Playground. Thanks
A1: To me it means living life with no regrets! On purpose and with purpose!
Indians R#1 I do belive folks.
Leaning about tourism and geospatial technologies from
Join Amy Zeldenrust @ Green Valley Lib tomorrow @ 10 a.m. to learn how to grow a great garden in NV. Tomorrow's topic is water conservation.
how do i do shoutouts?:o like what do i say?:0 sorry im stupid:o
can you tweet me a bigger version of your icon?!
My mind-----> completely blown.
If you bite my lip or neck, you better start taking your fucking clothes off.
#Mexico :D
DJ Omega mixing the Salsa at the Monaco Tonight.Howard The DJ with Old School Salsa on Thursday at Madrigall.
Glad to hear it arrived :)
LSU Tigers fall short in bid for sweep of Georgia Bulldogs
Joyce's Ulysses: Someone should piece together all of the issues of the Little Review that contain chapters in
My bad hair day is giving me horrible anxiety. I just wanna hide in bed.
Pacquiao leaves for Los Angeles for more training
when is it?
yeah, i'm a nerd
'You drown us in misery'...
cool . and i'm good
alright duck
son what you doing?
I wrote your name in my book ,your last name my first im your miss's <3
Psst! What are YOU wearing to #Fusion2012 ? Dress is Upscale Business & Cocktail but have some fun! Tell us how you plan to get "creative"
I am going to see the Yankees play the Tigers today. If Delmon Young plays, I will boo him
Government issued rock provided in separate package for your convenience....
lOl! Gone make it a mission.
Good music, good food and good company = MELI AMERICAN BISTRO tonight 8pm
Oh eeeeh oh ah ah ting tang walla walla bing bang
With the risk of 2-3" of snow, I fear Portland my never recover from the destruction headed our way.
what's going on
#3wordsforyou how it taste?
Now will the president go to the P g family BBQ
> pocketbook issues even though they don't have paid jobs (where Rosen's wrong), but *Ann Romney* doesn't understand them cuz Mitt's rich!
Yeah ! I sent you what they said!
Bored , text.
One word to sum up #packers draft: BLAH!
Really just want school to be overr. I'm so lazy to do anything! :O
hahahaha no problem:)
Great finds today!! :)
“Hu Honua” means to “come from the land”—We want to create sustainable energy, reduce imported fuel dependence, and stimulate our economy.
kinda mad I sold my copy a few years ago. That thing NEVER pops up.
Kindle FIRE=good yet bad. I thought I would read, but I've been doing a lot of playing.
They still require immense amounts of energy, which I do not have.
RT TheSameOG Good fuckin workout and to think I wasnt goin to go because I hurt my hand. Mind over matter and money over bitches
What a great night!! Very busy working and had Bible Study with my besties via skype!
"Night time is really the best time to work. All the ideas are there to be yours because everyone else is asleep."
lol thank ya thank ya
Your very welcome! Thanks for following back :-)
haha well shit sounds like I get better connection on the streets of Dublin. Don't worry the city is average at best ;)
Agree completely--Nebraska can't explain away this loss at home to a team that got dominated by UCLA--at home.
I scare myself sometimes, lol
Will Phil even make the cut?
Get off the train! No, get back on the train!
can't wait to see you this weekend! we're gonna have fun!
Out dancing tonight!! Good times!! Feet don't fail me now!
Fascinating people following me that are totally worth following:
LOL yo I feel that!!! RT : It sounds like fuckin RIO outside!!!
I'm not home to watch #PLL :( damn. I gotta get off twitter bc people ruin it!! Can't wait till 9 haha
Dear - That was pretty much hands down the best review of SD! we've ever received... (con't)
I wonder how liked my homemade hot dog this morning on fox 6 Milwaukee.
I am currently a half hour into Terrence Malick's film The Tree of Life, and I have no clue what the F Im watching right now...
nice...let us hope it becomes biggest grosser.
Craig hasn't been drafted yet, but he's still a darn good player. Fun story about how he puts in work outside of school tomorrow at 6&10pm
Tweets be having me rollin !!!
Joe Johnson got an MVP vote this year. J.R. Smith got a sixth man vote this year. Stephen Jackson got an MVP vote two years ago.
I Beg Your Pardon, Sir, But Have You Any Knowledge As To The Whereabouts of My Automobile?
“: You can SEE and hear us now - So tune for a special report on animal cruelty coming up in just minutes!”
#13 Evelyn's Place (YES!) - New Orleans, LA
I came. I saw. I conked out. What'd I miss?
Fire has always been and, seemingly, will always remain, the most terrible of elements... ~H
do midgets qualify????
I love my baby mamas, they get my highest honor
Tonight son is playing baseball, I hope they win 0-2, he has never been on an 0-2 team for any sport he plays. Probably not a playoff team.
Making yummy tilapia! M (:
I sold merch at a show for the first time last night and my feet are killing me! Major props to you, kid : )
pull over and call me or your father.
no names, keep it under the table
Levon Helm in Central Park tonight! I love New York!
you ladies rock my socks right off. here's to boingboing handshakes and awesome projects moving forward
RT Any fact facing us is not as important as our attitude toward it, for that determines our success or failure
#striving for those As
Swing by the social media command center & see what's trending ! Don't forget to tweet #SXSWedu & #LAUNCHedu hashtags!
Yes we do! 818-754-2556 voicemail or contact us from webpage in profile, thanks
On the Metro North and almost home to spend the weekend w/ my parents in NY. Been a long time since I've been back to Montrose.
nope nothing at all <3
This summer is Grind Time!
so you Rollin tonight?
That would require having complete access to those numbers...
And just like that, Joe Biden became the most influential man in Washington this week.
Its seems like a good day
sam hurd screwed up but lets focus on this new year time to clean the slate#cp3 lets get on that real ish
I choose not to open to people anymore just cause i dont wanna seem weak.
Yo #Chicago - one of our favorite bands, plays Pancho's (220 N Calif.) at 9 tonight. Be there.
Get a U-Haul!
V For Vasectomy
You should stop watching now then if you want that to be true.
Happy birthday Sofie! You're the best!
Way to go Felix from for great cust service! My food was 15 min late and he solved problem, and I get $10 gift certif to boot. A+
lol so how have u been sexy abs???
I hate crying infront of people. Fuck
NBA - Knicks coach Mike D'Antoni resigns
IT WAS SO AMAZING. MY NEW FAV SONG<3
I'm sure we'll get somethin goin again soon! Off to sleep gentlemen! Up in 5 hours!
Kinda cool that the #GoldenGlobes happens like 10 minutes away
should follow Girl changed into a Belieber because of Turn To You. She can't stop playing it. :)
How do you model reporting on someone else's assertion without asserting it yourself? Adding another tuple doesn't do it
totally agree my friend. More offerings of grace and you get more understanding and forgiveness.
Cmon Stink Nuggets beat the Laker bitches
Markets do not need a reason to move down. They need reasons to move up with fresh money. Wealth can vaporize before our eyes.
I just got a job at Walmart, working second shift. I wanna hang soon!
“: Female? London area? Would you ike to be spanked? DM! (your limits respected, everything consensual)” ~ Wow. Just Wow!
!!! i love that (1) my suspicions about gillian anderson were true, and (2) FOUR separate friends have sent me this
dinger is a fucking idiot for that
Suh is a big bitch.
Ma daughters b off that 2 Chainz ... I'm ridin Roun n I'm getting it smh
i just heard #FlyUnion new song it"s nice af
#DOPE when eryody know your name
I'm working on this narrated pres for a class project.I'm damn near yelling into my laptop&the audio play back is still too quiet. Any tips?
Come get a taste of the classics with our Strawberry flavor at Porter Square, we are also sporting Pumpkin Pie flavor until Turkey Day!
"I kind of blame Hot Topic in a way."
thats a lot of years les
The only problem I have in the morning is what to wear. * opens closet*
i hate when people type, skewl, skool, schol, NO ITS FUCKING school.
SPAZZING is cool as long as it isn't at someone else's expense. SPAZZ ON!
Fat Tuesday Wash that Shrimp PoBoy down with a Tallboy PBR or Schlitz on special tonight at LoCash!
ROFL!!! You tweaked a little bit then
Did that this morning, with the added bonus step of emailing the resume to himself first.
just give them a shirt advertising your twitter. Free publicity. ;)
sup boss who was the donkey of the day you funny as fuck i luke to hear you clown on rappers
I love getting new spacers because they're so soft.
April is national Alcohol Awareness Month.
but he needs to stick to rapping - not singing like in "How To Love" - awful singing, good rapping.
Sean penn is a perfect example of real charity work. What he's doing in Haiti is extraordinary.
SATs that day, pretty sure ;(
hell yeah... Both! #CAG and Clippers! By the way, who's confirmed for Sunday?
Alternative School Again.. For Tha Rest Of The Year, I Hatee Hchs . Ughh.
I have a friend who punched his ceiling (we were in a basement) when Favre threw that INT against the Giants in 07.
This Dream Is Too Good
Fist bumps for RTs, thx! Have a great TGIF!!
So excited for my Saint Etienne xmas 7" single!
Thanks more love and peace!
Thank you.
I will meet and play music with SOMEDAY. I swear it.
perfect! Thank you :) and yes i can
Get off my fucking TL. Lmafao!!! “ How do you place a midget "under arrest?"”
Fine, but who will need you to clean up his yucky poos his ENTIRE LIFE?
From working for years in video stores, I learned that there's simply no accounting for taste in movies, including your own.
Parting thought: life would be much simpler if everyone molded their plans around me.
you would lol
Court is as empty as it's been since #DiMasi trial began. Defendants/Attorneys in rapt silence poring over proposed jury instructions.
Left your credit card at the bar last night?
That pretzel was so good.
Great choice for outdoor furniture RT : Teak can age for years and restored in hours
shouldn't be the only motive!
i followed him! :D .
Thank you!! Enjoy and of course if you have any issues let me know.
Really funny getting me to call that hotline. Trickery! I knew it had nothing to do with anything! I'm getting you back. Watch out.
Libertarianism worse than conservatism:They tell me the seriously-injured poor ="not my problem." But they'd be left to die? That's wrong.
Breakfast for dinner...Brinner! Turkey sausage,fried apples,eggs,hash browns, and pancakes
Sometimes, if you aren't sure about something, you have to just jump off the bridge and grow wings on your way down. ~ Danielle Steel
You're asking that question as a joke, right?
You better be there!
I rant a lot.
I have one of those names that everyone needs to say my whole first&last name every time they see me lmao 👍😁
For all the media hype surrounding King Sveum's bunting tournament, Cubs pitchers have been abysmal at sacrificing so far this season.
Thank you!!
I don't doubt that!!
Welcome to the team Bobby Chu, Christin McMahon, Dylan Harvill, and Antonio Gonzalez!!!!
just fyi. I broke a mofo. Obnoxiousness gone...all flowers and rainbows. W/o even a touch. Willpower? Or just P O W E R lol
O lord,its gonna be one of those days...silly ass mofo's in this house..folks got the jokey jokes going already
you're too young to be such a prude :9
Chaperoning the 8th grade class to see Hunger Games = a great day at work!
We riding we rolling
What is this?!
Holy Crap Vampire Diaries! Seriously!!
Adverbial Phrases
Lets walk to the walden market, get icecream, then walk to the pool! Deal?
I pray for blessings for you today.
I just heard Blazer G Jared Bayless is going to play Oregonian writer J. Quick in Ping Pong. And maybe at the Lizard Lounge. I got winner
nope, was at Signature Theatre in Shirlington seeing the Xanadu live stage musical - I loved it and HIGHLY recommend it
Danny O'Brien to the #Badgers should be a great 2 year starter, then we'll get 3 years of after he redshirts this year!
RT Waiting for "Watch This!" episodes to come to youtube :) I used to want to be on the show <--Yes! Great idea! We'll do it.
#icantstandpeople who don't fix their hair. .. fix that mess.
i wish so many things. for my friend, and for everyone else who feels like there isn't really any reason to keep breathing.
C:\Users\Geoffrey\AppData\Local\Microsoft\Windows\Temporary Internet Files\Content.Outlook\VT45KZUS\email (3).mht
Heading to NYC to tape an interview w/ re: Muhal Richard Abrams, then on to & Bill McHenry at the Vanguard.
What to do about another mom in the waiting area of gymnastics who is doused in fragrance? Offensively so?
": Most people work just hard enough not to get fired and get paid just enough money not to quit. George Carlin"
Well I'm about ready to release my World Cup tickets back to FIFA. I just don't think I can afford to go this time around.
i know. but i still have to lulz. to keep the appearances up.
Wanna make ur dreams come true wake up
All I want is to go to a ranger game.
Reds bench, as we knew from Day 1...z...
The smile is a little scary "you want some candy little girl?" kind of scary!
Don't believe so. That's how Google makes their money!
is there anyone in your billing dept. answering tickets? I need assistance please from yesterday.
I don't believe you wouldn't believe I wouldn't remember
girl yes this is the longest game of phone tag in history. I'm about to say freeze!
need that. Any idea where I can get that
Crap. I have to get a swab done. I MIGHT HAVE STREP. NO
Stomach hurts...ugh....
I am forcing my exercise routine to stay put. If I can pin one routine down, I can usually get another one in, too!
My first love
When i meet you someday, i wanna say sorry cause, i cant help but stare at you cause you look like an angel.(:
Was too eager to try 4.0.4, gonna try for a while. Build 31 looks good so far, we'll see how it runs for a few days.
“I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can't accept not trying.” ― Michael Jordan Get in here and train!
I'm a rebel bitch , I'm blowin blunts !
It's Friday. I'm home. I'm relaxing. Cat is with me. Bliss.
lovely avi :) . follow back :)
hey..checkout my bros music vid on youtube...supra-My Dreams Are Our Dreams..hes a rapper who talks about real things..
FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "BAMBOO" to the bartender and your first drink is free. Mahalo
I feel like John Wayne would have attended Texas Tech
Thanks for the shout we're excited about this opportunity!
About 30 or so hours till Rangers Caps game 7
RT : Great presentation fr Adrienne Cochrane on how National Urban League helped prepare her for CEO role. More:...
And yet again, I bless my luck at breaking through this season to become a proud Twins season ticketholder.
Hope so--I checked your calendar and mine, and we'll be at the TinCaps the day you plan to be there!
where are you moving to?!?!
Order a guacamole for me!
Oh no, they threatened to do it and they did. I hate this new facebook timeline.
Dr.Death must have hit Lauranitis with one hell of a Lariat to have injured his throat.
and we love you Amanda.
We're a few steps closer to 1,600 followers! Thank you for following us, it means a lot!
Perused 15 recipes (ARGH) for grilling lamb chops on the parents' grill this wkd. Delicious, but didn't come out as hoped. CC:
lol me too thank God for
Applause decibels x length of time clapping = Steal my Idea presentation score. This is cool!
I LOVE THAT PHOTO.
The mainstream Western view until ~1850 was that you should save love for your mistress.
Emmure is awesome(: & Yeah is so fun. Chelsea Grin headlined over them last time but they brought more of a crowd
AlixPartners meet should produce some good insights into state of market for companies in #packexpo packaging space.
Thanks Joyce!
All 3 U.S. indexes end week with gains on strong corporate results. #Dow adds 1.5%. #Nasdaq rises 2.3%, S&P up 1.8%
You inspire me for all the INCREDIBLE things you do. Blows me away!
You are creating prosperity when you share in prosperity. President Barack Obama
Chilly, raining night in Denver. Perfect for snuggling in and reading a good book. Just curious what you are currently reading...
A pretty face doesn't mean a pretty heart
Beings homeschooled was without a doubt one of the best decisions I've made in my life. I can honestly say i'm genuinely happy now.
Happy Labor Day! WSWB will be closed today. We will open on Tuesday at 11am for lunch. We hope to see you then...Salud!
happy birthday son! ..enjoy..Ty
oh yeah. you know it.
Nahh. Im just not constantly on twitter. #GetALife;D
you are correct :)
Hearty congrats from your friends at &
Was Moms too?
Department of monumental expectations and minute allocations-tech depts of most schools. Go to cloud.
nice work!
I ate an ENTIRE pot of jambalaya today... I made it today at 12!
4 days until DC! Have you posted your ideas for afternoon sessions on the blog yet? Do it tonight and get some feedback
No Gym Flow tweets today I see..
Actually the GC does provide business cards, but only for Level I students....maybe we've had this conversation?
the twitter-o-sphere reporting Fidel Castro's death, but it isn't on Drudge yet.
One Direction are like fucking magical unicorns!
Is it December 13th yet? I need to graduate and get out of college asap.
We are ready, come on down!
I'm hungry!
When the stress on your body exceeds your ability to adapt to that stress you get injured. Most running injures are training errors.
you shld be precise, embryonic stem cells...Catholics have no problem with adult stem cells
Chocolate milk ❤
I always work better under pressure, or maybe that's just my excuse for procrastination.
Next up, the amazing Vicki Clark!! I just love #juniorleague consultants!
So ima sit right here and wait for you to talk about it.
he hates me cause i called him gay -_-
"If all my friends were to jump off a bridge, I wouldn’t jump with them, but I’d be at the bottom to catch them."
Imma stay up all night searching for f@#k To give.
#DistractionoftheDay - the photo of that posted earlier
i see(: and thank u(: i do modeling for a store here is vegas
HP And IBM Need To Be Very Afraid Of Dell - Forbes
It doesn't matter. Mitt and I both pay too much.
please follow the lead to raising #autismawareness all around the world
Had great phone chat w for next column about when he was a stay-at-home dad and author.
MT : A4: has launched a blog called History There is a Grad Student/New prof section. I'm an editor.
Wow - we hit a thousand "likes" on the Darkwoods Facebook page. Yippee! Thanks, everyone!
well, Ur my inspiration! Your talents and how ur into sports just wows me! I look up to u prob cuz ur taller lol -ur biggest fan <3
#Success is not to be pursued; it is to be attracted by the person we become.
Excuse the douche .... oh wait
Hey, Im from #Memphis!
PS - how was the talk? :)
Just got to work last night saw breaking dawn OMG
Fast paced, furious, love 's new show #ROME upgraded my U-Verse just for this channel/show the wait is finally over!
Polly tried to eat a dried earthworm the other day. Blech!
HEALTH NEWS FLASH - NEW REFORM HEALTHCARE PLAN @ YOUTUBE SEARCH FOR HEALTHINSURANCE411 (STOP BREATHING RX) TELL EVERYONE YOU KNOW!!
ok then
Kiss me and you will see stars; love me and I will give them to you.
I just want to do everything Kerouac wrote about. Take off chasing falling stars until I lose my mind.
Send us your footage so we can share it!!!
What's happening now? Lunch? Thanks for all your work.
She is so sweet <3
Bout to go eat.
I remember Rev Jen from my 2003 internship. Hi!
I know!!! Kendall was tweeting about it today, that's how I found out about it! This should help Cody get more votes ;)
Mike Kidd-Gilchrist is out. wish he can come back bro.
is helplessly obsessed with the idea of a large, heated, bamboo frame, back yard dojo... background threads working overtime on design.
Thanks to everyone who donated during 's Give BIG fundraising event yesterday.
apologies, meant to tag !
They are available in bars, blocks, discs and chips
What you on Mil?
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step ~ Lao Tzu
shut up Na
I do not understand twitter. It confuses me.
Facebook page created for upcoming attendees (only) facebook page. For Travel/hotel rideshare coordination purposes
Np : New World - The Clips
I've been doing well reading guides and adding good people from matches, just probably need to learn new roles vs AI.
Tragic irony that it is great evening for run along lake in Chi but can't b/c busted knee slipping on ice on bike on Greenway just week ago.
probably not I didn't ask off work
Quantified Self tech? RT : Am I only one that lives in fear of online eating disorder communities embracing Quantified Self tech?
let me know u guys land safe See yall in the am. Holla
At Jim n' Nick's BBQ with Claire, Kaleena, and Sarah(:
off again 2day
Why I recommend Premise from : When I ask questions, support answers are fast, thorough & NICE! Thanks!
Two weeks until
:) have a goodnight
#FirstDateRules u only get 1 chance ta make a 1st impression so bring ur A game!
Thank you so much to everyone who came to a show and saw us on tour! We'll be going back into studio very soon! Who wants new music?! ;)
thank you! Whoa, you're in Nashville? That explains why I didn't see you yesterday to say buh bye?
Watched on the voice because he told me to. Made my night, you never disappoint.
i'm going to look for one this weekend
I ate from the food truck at the #InnerHarbor #DowntownBaltimore today, it was so good! I will be back!
The best portion of a good man's life is the little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness & love. ~ William Wordsworth
Broken Tweet-Link my friends!
i just woke up.
"Without change, something sleeps inside us, and seldom awakens. The sleeper must awaken."~Frank Herbert
McGhee: "Close your eyes and see the world you want."
YOU NEED TO TRY OUT FOR COLLABATSEAAAA!
I am a #catperson because I love their independent spirits.
Hate is only a sign of weakness, but showing love is powerful.. even towards your enemies!
Manic Monday specials at A1 styles book ur appointment asap 916-304-2663 check out A1 styles of facebook
Going to the Crossing. Join us. With KC, Laura, and Jac.
Arsenal or Man City?
finals already?!?!
I now officially work at a recording studio! Feeling so blessed right now. Thanks to those who believed in me =]
#NYCSportsReport: Crushing It: The New Jersey #Devils & Even Strength Possession in the 2012 Playoffs
If yo girl come home and he chin smell like ball sweat and you ask her how come she dnt wanna kiss you?
Ugghhhh I left that ass
I only tweet that which the voices command.
Congrats to my friends at on their successful Kickstarter!
Sitting in our villa w/ at listening to AWESOME.
The Avengers was awesome - action packed, I suggest seeing it. And there's a high chance I will have to marry Scarlett Johansson
Bad day :( kallie had to go and screw it up as usual
I kove the whole Manning famiy. Great job Eli.
Idk what college to pick
Floyds cocky as shit but backs it up. I'd be fine with a rematch, but would rather see Mayweather vs. Pacman
Getting ready to attend my first faculty meeting at ASU
That moment when you want to actually iron your hair but there's no iron. Lol just my luck.
#3WordsOfAdvice pray every night
#GodGaveMeYou for the days of doubt. Preach,
I (ayjay) just stubbed my toe into the metal leg on my bed. OUCH!!!!!
Wonderful Saturday w/ riding bikes in the Bosque and gal pal things. ;-)
Haters come with painted faces trying to clown on me knowing they are under me trying to talk down on me,
There's way too much sugar hanging around in my house right now.
Awwwwwwwwwwh said he missed <3 i bet he does
You are your own first customer. If you are not happy with your work or using your product, no one else will be either.
#iwca encourages wcenters to increase reach beyond current mission (harbor) to new projects (the sea)
Just wondering how long this line of traffic is
She too sticky & dirty right now...
btw just went through another bottle of your dads hot sauce it's so fuckong amazing
Watching IRobot & will smith had to run up 2,000 steps to save mankind... Um No not I
it was great seeing your work in person today at #ArtWalk & good talking to you as well. Wish I could have bid on the auction!
Heat are about to get Linned! RT My Heat play the Knicks tonight... I know its gonna be a lot of shit talking!!
That is RIDICULOUS.
Great panel discussion of marketing series for Phila AMA
hoping there will be decent waves to surf this weekend.
chillin at my crib in my room, dumpin #KiD CUDi no class till tuesday,just work work work
really?!? That's so cool!! U should if ya want! I would!
RISE & GRIND!: "If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude." ~ Maya Angelou”
Thx bro. Whats up man? Hit me up dude.
Just finished TYE and have pages of notes & ideas. Thank you for sharing your passion and perspective!
Damn, i seriously need to quit fucking w/ broke ppl..
good choice. Wouldn't want suspension...
missing keg/panties in the kitchen/pants in dining room/hungover this morning to ernie from sesame street this afternoon..
You don't know the limits of your anger, sadness, and #Love for your child until you find out he or she is being
open house to Great Saturday afternoon.
LaHair, my guy!
Sometimes high comedy is not funny.
Wish I could wish you the best.
Spring cleaning :)
Thank you for the inclusion, I appreciate it.
Ducati wipe out at Ward Pkwy and Meyer circle... Fire and medical on way guy looked confused
Yeah Bitch
Look for opportunities today to share a word of comfort & grace - perhaps through a story of what God has done in your life.
Or, the illusion that it is not!
I've been showing him the ropes. Been a Sensei of sorts.
what bad memory would you erase?
not if you're blitzed out of your mind...
hey what's up??I like your twit icon pretty nice
Why do I feel like I'm always doing homework?
I had a chocolate croissant yesterday. That will have to do.
Failing up: when everyone knows you suck except the person hiring you.
English is, I can't even speak it right haha.
Julian you were amazing!!!!!!!!!!!<3 You did awesome! Love you so much. xoxo
El Cajon Council votes to put proposed charter adoption up for special election on June 5 in hopes to change from general law to charter
No problem! PS. I am currently obsessed with the 50 Magellano. One of the most beautiful, unique yachts I've ever seen!
got to sleep it. felt great(:
I Found Out that is...
Happy Mother's Day to yous.
& Are SOO Pretty .., I'm forever jealous (;
Why We Broke Up, by Daniel Handler and Maira Kalman
is a bassstee:)
Hey everyone
We live far too simply and far too selfishly. We're ALL guilty.
Almost everything around you is die cut: the gaskets in your engine 2 drink coasters at your favorite restaurant
thanks and congrats on new babe!
Does anyone try and figure out who Alan Sugar is firing next week by his pointing direction?
You call it "jealousy". I call it "fear of losing you"
Staid up all night and slept all day -_- yeah I don't feel good
I never want to be a bad person, but I just know what I dont need in my life. Shutting you out is one of them.
miss you dude!! how've you been?
School bus drivers are very educated because they technically "go to school" everyday #deepthought 🚌📝🍎
Ph.D. bouncer tames bar, woos doctor, cleans up town.
Two more wickets, and #Surrey will be following on after lunch.
Sometimes I think the best place to meet women is in the single serve frozen food section of your local grocery store. Think about it-mk
how's big pretzel and ? sorry I couldn't help you guys out back in Feb, I'm in LA now so would love to connect
Banana but muffin w/ banana cream oatmeal.
completely forgot it was cinco de mayo yesterday. lol
Good for Philip #Humber of the Chicago White Sox - just pitched MLB's 21st perfect game! That's not an easy feat by any means!
But I do hope the second (& there will be a 2nd... Just don't leave right away when it's over) will be way more better.
I'm in the mood 4 sum cereal.... Homey but Cheerios here I come!!! Haha lol
Get excited at the Vol De Nuit Belgian Beer Lounge. #skejidea via of
i just hope its all the exact questions from the quizes
Any poker affiliates out there? I'm interested in filing antitrust lawsuit against Wynn/Pokerstars/Caesars/ and a few others. We got case.
the most effective leaders are those for which leadership is a way of being. - Ambassador Joseph.
this is great!
Pretty much.
At workGetting to the MONEY
your best addiction is my beard ;)
Good morning to you too!! It is a beautiful day!!!
haven't started, i have a final today and a paper due thursday. wanna send me yours?
News channels 4 and 6 have been here today... what about you, Ch 10? Great photo ops for opening day! Watch for us on tv!
New journalists have the hardest times with potawatomi, oneida, Wausau, Menomonee...ETC. We should start quizzing ppl b4 they hit air.
Off to try the new in Frederick!
are you gonna do a part in all my movies? Think uou need to now. How is it being a mom?
#GETAUSTINTOTOPTEN <3 He deserves it! :D
What about 2319 W. Augusta?
what a terrible time for a bathroom break! I need to fine tune my body.
Oh, it is a merkin.
then come on over to Casa de Culotta :p
Overrated! Over.....rated!!!
Today is my Friday, so I wish everyone a WONDERFUL wkend! Mom and Dad should get here @ 8PM and the fun will begin!! Have a good one!
doing well. You must be just waking up?
Shooting a wedding for someone I knew for over 30 yrs priceless
this is why we love the internet: we make each other's days ;)
you & the should select a loyal STH to go to MSG to represent… like me!
thanks for the RTs!
Nissan Says Hackers Stole User IDs, Hashed Passwords
Gah! I'm such a freaking nerd.
yay, thx! We so appreciate all the work that goes into it
the source is myself sadley! but it will catch on soon!
Good article, advice. : "Are You Ready To Win? It’s Time For CLASS." bit.ly/mlDbZ9
Grammar is important! Capitalization is the difference between helping ur Uncle, Jack, off a horse and helping your Uncle jack off a horse.
I love all the social media facts you're sharing - thanks! :)
what is up? Welcome.
good luck!
OH THANK GOD RT : POTUS weighs in on comments in regional interviews.
Happy big appreciation day to the best big in the world
I know when people are talking about me. It's obvious...especially when they TRY to not make it obvious. You can't fool me!
me but I have school tomorrow ;/ so goodnight ! (:
shit yeah its been ages!! Miss your face momma.
was just cutting a rug to the Commodore's Caught in the Act record she just bought me.
Gas prices are soaring again - is this changing your driving habits? Tell us what you're doing differently today..we'll share your answers.
I guess I can make an exception and follow 1 UK fan...
Thanks, Nikka, for sharing our project! :)
Headed to Rafters
need lincense? birth certificate lunch card finger prints moms name elementary teacher name social sercurity card shoe size
James is right, as usual.
Yes we won
I expect a photo update :) Most of my doodles happen on DrawSomething haha
absolutely! I'll have to have you over to see our new place.
Good luck with everything! Let us know if there's anything we can do for you.
: indeed! Plus some new small plates :)
Thanks luv!! Btw didn't know you're from #Antigua? It's on my list!! :-)
how dare you forget. How dare you...
great news for the #49ers RT : Gates expected to miss Chargers' game Thursday vs. 49ers
In Oshkosh for Alumni Night at Valley Christian High School. Let's Go Warriors! Beat Montello!
Yeah it's a good thing the #NFL wants to do away with kick returns.
I think its so cool that one of favorites on JS, played soccer like I do:) awesome!! soccer is my life <3 Tweet back plz??!:) ily!
Time to head to LIVESTRONG!!!!!!
Right? Cracks me up when that happens.
Basic app features for a local chiropractor? Provide helpful easy to reach information to your clients
Im obsessed with the obsessed show.
we all know that combined score was a guestimation
Feelin like garbage
#Replay #Milwaukee may be one of the worst bars ever.
You should make one for Buffy too...
#powershift Michele Roberts breaking down the Environmental Justice history in room 202B, oh yeah!!!
That urge you get when u want to write "nobody fucking cares" on someones Facebook status.
An 11 pm damage control statement makes me think guy in Wetzel's article was expressing what FSU is thinking
Advertising may be described as the science of arresting the human intelligence long enough to get money from it.
Rough day already. Would love nothing more than to cram about 5 cupcakes into my face-hole, thank you.
and I may have found something worse than taking to the casino. the humane society.
Good morning Baltimore. Working hard for you!! Getting ready for the primary! Votehenrybrim.com
I hope latimes does story on ladwp ability to serve city in disaster after #lawinds blew their pants down.
Toot It Nd Boot It
hahah well you should! Im listening to them now..lmao whazzuupp
me to and so is my dog Bo.
lol it's goodnight for me!
Is it too early to talk about Russian Vodka + Caviar? Good, I didn't think so. is where it's at.
#PeytonManning please come back home to TN!
Im sure it will go well
#MadisonCounty is under a severe thunderstorm warning until 5 p.m.
EOCTs Day 2: Math : Kill me now.
I just didn't realize it was that serious ladies will come if they see you do good work but guys know i'm icey and stool won't try
And this memory like a stain cnt erase all of the pain
What you working with?
I don't even know what is tweeting about from and I'm supposed to be co-director of this group!
hey guys, we just checked out your music and we love it :) Keep up the good work!
If you dont Follow you a kid
Got home from #skywatching at the #park around midnight.
the 2nd Charles Daniels song of the day. Devil went down to Georgia! Brooksville, KY is jamming today!
spots available for 2 this Saturday??
!!!!!!!!!!! “: Hey Ryan Clark, before you ever talk shit about anyone else's team, man the fuck up and beat Denver, motherfucker.”
Certainly Eric Deggans, our media monitoring chair is good
surprisingly there are a lot of people out there that don't find fault in it.
Then it must have been someone else (more smart tweeting). Wink wink.
Waiting for to take the stage
Why is summer going by so fast! Plz slow down.
what im saying is u r slighting the 3 2b players that finished ahead of Anderson > Keys Va Wesleyan Hayes Guilford Allman EMU
It's morning in Las Vegas. Lead, follow, or pick up a copy of the latest BLVDS and develop your perspective first.
A family is a place where minds come in contact with one another. If these minds love one another, the home will be as beautiful as garden
laugh when I do something funny... Like get drunk enough to think about voting for
Just another Tueday just like the rest, what will you do to make your Tuesday different then last?
you will get through this...be strong! hahaha!
#Caps Hamrlik it looks like
When I picked my son up from lifting, he informed he just had an autopsy, lol. I guess I don't have to feed him dinner tonight.
finally some rain :)
1 day someone is going to break 40 seconds in the 100 yard free. And that will be a crazy day. It will happen.
#HowImGRAND always staying positive of course ☺
We’re Officially Official (according to the NFL Players) blog.starstreet.com/post/119550879… via
Happy birthday you can legal drink for the second time
Wow i really need to go to bed...
I guess I just see Staal still as an asset, regular season and post season
Love it when Customers ask to get a picture with me at Abercrombie and Fitch
GHOST: The Musical? It's official, Broadway is out of ideas.
thank you for following im following back love
heh, you may need to hire extra security! you know, for those rowdy librarian students...
Thx!!RT : I will be following them in a second and you too! :-)
Go to my reverb and listen to Just Wanna Be and Problem
What are your favorite Greek wines?
Council, city workers talk efficiency at goals workshop
That's what we like to hear!
haha im writing part 3 right now and that is when i introduce everyone :)
watching how i met your mother until i knock out. goodnight everyone (:
Data data everywhere, and not a thought to think!
ugh I feel like death=(
#FF have an amazing weekend
Yes i do jow do u think i chadr down the ice creamyruck RT : wait, you have workout sneakers?
Drinking a glass of cheap a$$ Icehouse beer that my father bought while at work... don't worry I own it so I can do that!!!
The pick Riley Reiff.
You have such a big mouth; you could eat a banana sideways.
totally underrated
I should eat, but I'm not hungry. Only I've got a friend convinced I have an eating disorder (UNTRUE) who's checking my diet like a hawk...
Watching Fever Lake with Corey Haim and Mario Lopez.
I'm inadvertently wearing Ohio st colors - ew ew ew.
This page intentionally left blank verse.
thanks for the post yesterday. Have a great day today.
OF COURSE Cee-Lo has a sequined choir robe. I'm surprised it doesn't have "The Voice!" emblazoned on it.
Thanks for the link; it was great to meet you!
Karma is a bitch.
Mom always finds a way to mess my mood up.
Jarod Uthoff gets what he wants. He can go anywhere outside of the Big Ten. A big win at today's appeal for Uthoff.
I hate whiny bitches... cowboy up boy!
They just do..(: call me crazy but they do(:
"I ordered a dirty chai and I didn't get my shot of espresso. Thanks for the steamed milk, biddy." -Girl in Social Theory class
totally agree...can't complain if you don't take advantage.start transition out 1st day you begin
and then I smoke two more!
Spelling bee with and :D
You know you're depressed and self-destructive when McDonald's seems like a good idea.
Is it the real Scumbag Steve, or an imposteur?
Only spend quality time with quality people
ARE YOU SERIOUS? WHY LEAVE HIM ON THE FLOOR!! We are up 12 with a minute left. Kiss the championship goodbye. BYE!
your alive?
Where o wanna play
Life is great. Happy Tuesday. Wednesday now. Fuck it
surely; lots of problematizing of nerdom going on right now; happy to read your insights & criticisms -
Sometimes I feel as my thoughts to real for a fucking tweet.....
“: The rule that says a ball that grazes a guy's uniform should count as a hbp is ridiculous.” Why don't players wear XXXL?
yeah! I'm trying to get some too! Just let me know what you decide! We need to do our rooming early if you do.
only because I don't know you
Really? You'd eat a foot-long breakfast sandwich? Doesn't that seem ... excessive?
Politicians: 4 my vote, if u get caught cheating on your wife, I will personally bitch slap you. Get caught being bribed, ur nuts will go.
I just got a handwritten letter in the mail from
i like skool a little bit
me too!
well played sir
Sweet! New dev environment is up and NYCoders are about to get busy...
Best to you on your birthday, doll !!
Can't go to see on the 22 bc of my brother's wedding, but my mom can buy me tickets to the Phillies game for the same day?
just started the second book. Great, easy read. Don't start it at 4:40 or you may not sleep. ;)
Bloodbath - Like Fire #nowplaying 'Cause that's how I roll.
Nights as in 3rd shift??
Come on Rockies!!
I haven't been tweeting lately
Coffee and a bagel will always remind me of those days at Plymouth.
IT'S ALMOST FRIDAY!!
lol of course!! Share the wealth 👍
RT : Profs are often said to resist opening up classrooms to outside world. My experience: students resist it even more
Risky move Instacast 2.0, taking a feature away and putting it behind an IAP. Not sure it will pay off.
....Waiting for the program to respond. Well fuck. It almost never does, and there's no way im closing the program.
watching each train go by is like a cup of coffee to my eyes they keep me awake, so I wouldn't have a chance of-
hey every1 I am over tweet limit on :(
I love it, thanks to those who follow me, I hope someday I can follow my twitter :)
It hate it. I just keep tellin myself I'll be done sooner. That is my ONLY motivation. Haha! What are you taking?
glee singing one direction tonight...lets see how they wreck it up -___-
Such an amazing opening night! Love the cast & crew!! Can't wait to do it all over again tomorrow! (:
this weather fucking blows...and I'm stuck at the DMV...doubleblow.
OhJeez :) just thinking of the things I would do to Dean ;) so in love with him <3
Josh Beckett is awful. Too early?
Thanks for this. I appreciate your help in my getting out the message. David
that face is just so attractive
It looks like something happened on Grey's Anatomy. No spoilers, please! I'm not going to watch it. I just don't want to hear about it.
WOOHOO! RT : Bring on Indiana we got this
Tired, man...so tired. And sporadic, apparently.
IV. Thou shalt take thy protein pills and put thy helmet on.
RT if you love roller coasters
Welcome to NM! RT A massive duststorm just hit visability is low im still a couple of miles from it
I have the book on my kindle. I will read it and post a review.
Ohh! How'd that go?:)
Someone text or call me since nobody else has time for me *couqh couqh*
Im a little worried about it
MT from audience: why are only centers getting checked for fraud in milwaukee? There are 72 counties in the state.
yeah no kidding man
RT : Firing librarians because everything is online = firing accountants bc everyone has a calculator on desk.
Time to start this mess of a Friday
Does want to be cuttin' them on the tombstones. Look here all around the throat had been torn open as if by some wild animal.
argh! I weeded @ 4K titles since I entered... Maybe more. Some were gross, many useless.
we gon beat dem' * invisible *
A let's go #shark chant in Pittsburgh? Can anyone confirm?
You're very welcome
Serious MTA struggle this morning
Don't forget, we play next Thurs at Six Flags Over Texas; Good Times Stage 6-9 :)
What an HONOR to be presented a Grammy by this trio!
Yeah, okay, the Avengers looks amazing.
“: S/o to my new follower ” preciate ✌
No more winter weather. When i wake up tmw i want it to be spring.
Thank you!
HA! “: Anyone still making excuses for Heckert/Holmgren...please go cover yourselves in gasoline and light a match. #Browns”
Karen, did you order color Daughter & not receive yet? (We are mortified at the possibility.) Or did you order b/w edition?
5 o'clock somewhere
Listening too: 'Assimilations' it makes the day better & is one of my favorite albums in the last 5-7 years. 'Dope girl' is my jam
Donald Sutherland isn't completely to blame for his car vs
ITS TIME.... FOR AND THE MAVS TO CLAIM DESTINY AND BEAT THE #cHeat !!! #LeBrick SUCKS
"Higher ed moves so slow that it makes government look like it is fast,"
Catherine Zeta Jones is absolutely gorgeous
train all day
The Prestige – In Time (EP Review) » The ILLIXER
There's gotta be a better way!
I'm convinced GDOT has no clue what it's doing. Emergency lanes open for rush hour traffic?
love is like a rubber band.. held at both ends by 2 people.. when one leaves, it hurts the other.. :(
With that HR Cano just hit it looks like he is starting to come back around
Watching the nuggets game with my uncle
My former colleague Tim Roberts and I wrote the grant that brought that to Western Illinois Univ!
I know how they feel. It's scary doin that online, but it's a secure connection and I'm sure you could send it in.
Massive downpour in Apple Valley! We need the rain, just not an entire's months worth in one hour!
#ImSickOf waking up in the morning <<<< 😲
Ok so I just Michelle Obama downtown....*Speechless*
RT : APD and AFD responding to a four vehicle accident on I40 Westbound @ San Mateo.
we've got a little mafia going on…
BANNED IN NC!! "Marriage between one man & one woman is the only domestic legal union that shall be valid or recognized in North Carolina"
Today was a productive day.
Don't have much reception during this lockout...
What is your favorite place in the world
RT : One day at a time
#ff Thanks for the retweet! love your posts!
I write my dates like they do in the UK :)))
With my freeze ray I could stop -- the world
can u get on oovoo?
“You are the sky. Everything else – it’s just the weather.” - Pema Chodron
You HIP ! RT '' I don't care how many games they lose, #BLOUSEnation forever.''
Thanks! I'll submit.
Wow! That's amazing. But I can see how it would impact everything in your life too.
Yesterday was such an amazing hard working day with the cast & producers of ! Pilot rehearsal & last edits. Can't wait for...
"after 32 years job security is the most important thing" O'hare worker
and are flooding my Instagram with their photos the need to go somewhere we don't wanna see y'all lol......
I hope today is the day that austin follows. I hope he notice this tweet.
syquest disc! wow. i think i still have one of those with my old band's first album artwork on it. in pagemaker, i think.
I recently started playing "Draw Something." Now if only the morons I'm playing could Spell Something.
he is as he does. Your love is at home.
turn the light off.
It's a full-moon driving kind of night.
I wish I had that kind of day planned! asked me my favorite spot in #firestonedistrict. I just can't pick one!
Come see the Creative team's new collection on Main Stage this weekend at
National Police backs national ID system - Business Mirror
I'm absolutly convinced Zydrunas Illgauskas is not a human being
Get STOKED on BEWARE THE NEVERENDING, von Wolfe, Frameworks, Stay Killer Design and Clothing. They shred the gnar!
Our people are dependent upon this generation to stand on the shoulders of giants. The #WSP holds this promise. -Walter Echohawk
- Just b/c U say something over & over again doesn't make it true. Prob B of course will cost SD $ + leave workers w/o Soc Sec.
Happy R Wayne is back. Too bad we lost everybody else. Even if Luck is great, gonna be a couple years before #Colts are back to form.
Hoping xboxlive Gold would be free, because of all the advertising now !! And, now gaming companies are charging for servers
NBC better renew #community for another full season, or else I will write an angry letter.
Haha:) RT My brain is a jerk for getting that "Friday" song stuck in it. Damn you, ears!!!!
we're open sunday's www.licensetooill.blogspot.com
Recording my Students band today at my home studio
When we ride its cool. IM straight on you...BAMBOO
body wave?
I've ben cool ..just living life
I run shit here!!!!!!U just live here!!!!!Thats ok......Cause imma burn this muthafucker down.....
im with you!
hey luv!! howv you been? Hope ur enjoying the new year in #Style thanks for checking in on me I feel special.. really lol (:
I know right! Lol
if Rodgers had as many attempts as Brees, Rodgers woulda shattered Marino's record with ease but he's about the W not stats.....
solid. timoreilly- Repeated at #pdf10, : activism beyond registering collective opinion; get people together to DO something
I woke up in a good mood today!!
do you refer people to specific caterers in the area? We'd love to connect!
On the 7th day of Xmas, my true love gave to me more hours.
thanks so much for the mention. We'll be in soon with a goody.
Thanks for the shout out! Good luck on your Oct 1 fight in AC.
“: lol we won't plan - may not approve. I meant we will plan a wine segment together :)”> good catch!
Soo I'm Guessing That Almost All Of Team Mindless OKC Members Is Going To See Jacob Latimore BUT ME!! D:
Doing some research and stumbled across this kid from the uk fux with the uk heavy, wouldn't mind taking my talents there.
653 - idk you that well but I do know your sweet :)
Thanks for the follow, Mackenzie.
haha.Yes I was. But it's not like I was a die hard fan! Hard to be a die hard fan when I'm not from there or ever liked them b4
happy bday - hope you're celebrating!
"I had an epiphany that will blow white suburban women's minds..." - ... Yup, we're back to work.
Hummas and veggies. Cheese and crackers.Anything and Marshmallow Fluff. (There's no "e" in marshmellow? Who knew.)
It was leaked out today, doesn't get an actually album drop until next week.
Or the time she drowned and a lifeguard had to save her..... 2 WEEKS AGO!
Have any tweets for me? Tweet it! <3 -Samantha P.S.- Im on the Samantha's Life show for optimum TV only!
Good Morning!
RT : i really dont like that show.
There's a Rails meetup regularly on some Wednesdays here at OneUp, which is good for people of all levels.
Why post a picture on Facebook with the caption 'OMG!! I'm so ugly' and then get annoyed when I agree?
Hope everyone had an awesome Halloween :]
NIALL!! PLEASE TWEET she's loosing her battle with cancer quickly, she needs to know you love her!!!!!!!!!!
Tasting at Southport Grocery & Cafe on Sunday from 12-2. Come have brunch & chat with Miss Kaicy about syrup! It'll be fun!
Oh goodness what I get my self into...
#LiesThatAlwaysWorked I never got your email. What did it say?
I'm gonna start calling you Debbie
Write your injuries in dust, your benefits in marble. -- Benjamin Franklin
#rebhan Remember to say "Good afternoon." I've made that mistake when practicing in morining for afternoon delivery. :)
just heard this on the radio, so sad!
The Grouch w/DJ Fresh, Mistah F.A.B., Fashawn & Exile 12/11
Blondes everywhere rejoice! #Starbucks is soon releasing a special blend just for you!
scott walker saved my teacher money,
Hunt: can't exclude ppl with the guns from the table, but can get a bigger table to include women, youth.
so it's not that we forgot about you, but maybe we just got real sidetracked last night.
for sure, that chorus is money
Good lord I'm tired all of a sudden. Oh. Must be the wine. I refuse to sleep on this game yo!!
ask one simple question and you going to say IDFK mean
I'm going to DM you.
you are so pretty!:)
No nigga u don't feel me.
what about any states close to you
Happy Bday to me eventhough it was spent thanks for all the bday wishes
Dancing around in my room to 90's pop music.
Someone come rescue me please
Those who do not seek the ultimate state of liberation pursue their selfish interest for material gain.
I just became a citizen of district 11
Las Vegas this weekend to film and possibly do a bit of comedy... Not excited for the bloody heat wave I'm about to put me body through!
How is this day almost over already??
Cuddled up and ready for bed. Tomorrows a
im saying, Ty acts like a white guy any way
I believe that it is an interception
hahaha ohmygawsh thanks(: lol yeah it was funny. I just laughed with my bff & then he texted her all sad & I replied to the
Cant wait for next yr.
CSS Jacksonville, FL is looking for a Lock Box Coordinator/Payment Processor $12hr, temp to hire
Happy Birthday, Soony Saad. A goal on your #SportingKC debut. Have some meat from
Beware what you set your heart upon, for it surely shall be yours. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
People are so uptight about everything. You realize we a atom amongst billions amongst billions.
Thanks so much. We certainly agree with you!
Thought for Today: Move More! Make it a daily challenge 2 move your body.Moving your limbs isb;t hyst a fitness tool, it's a stress buster.
Scuba was solid. I got there really late coming from another party, so I only caught him and Thomas Melchior upstairs. Good, tho.
I found a new drug: slurpees - an extremely powerful stimulant. Cheaper than booze... and you get the headache out of the way early.
this is an incredible documentation!
Making sand castles with my hubby and little brother at the beach.
Thunder well yea i keep on forgetting about them. we will see
too long! lol
thanks for stopping in!
Personally I know some gay couples who are more committed to each other than some straight couples. Have no problem with gay marriage at all
From Naked Lunch: The Rube has a sincere little boy look, burns through him like blue neon.
Congrats! Vancouver is supposed to be beautiful.
Happy New Year everybody! 2011 is gonna be a good one!
A guy with heart, income, and a pothead !!
And I'll bet that's what you want, too.
search the names of your local source farms, +Reno. Restaurants will brag online about using them.
Hv U checked the score in the last few mins?
shouldn't you be concentrating on driving and not tweeting?
It all comes down to this i miss ur morning kiss
It is the basis of the website success which leads to sales of products
Your House Sits a Long Time on the Market This is every homeowner’s’ biggest fear. Your house will sit too long on the market. It sounds
haha what was his recommendation
He should lose his license
Follow me, I follow back!!!:))
« #iHateHowSomePeople Can't admit when their wrong ...»
S/O Spring Will Go In!!! Styrofoam Rocket Ship!!! NASA Shit!!!
Scary and exciting, no?
Spurs take the lead. Let's go!
got my autograph yesterday, thank you!!
Appreciate it bro, lets kick it soon tho! RT : " Gotta respect yall grind"
Went to bed last night feeling fantastic. Can I carry that feeling through today?
Do you have a #dream for the #future? Kids are our future. Thats why started Dreams for Kids - a #youth #empowerment program.
Off your usual beat and path...good for you! Answer: No, it is up to them, historically justice hasn't been in victims favor.
Birth control pills work on gorillas lol?
you should join my gym!
TRAFFIC ALERT: Crash at Hwy 19 and River Road in the Waunakee area. Use caution in this area.
Had a thought earlier. Many shopping malls have failed, why doesn't gov't take them over, lower rents and only allow local merchants?
I always appreciate when shuffle reminds me that it's time to listen to BUFFY SAINTE-MARIE.
Its march, but its still snowing
anyone have BBM for blackberry ? if so, message me your pin number
Four letter F network went out of their way not mentioning our name after Q match ended. Unbelievable!
I thought Clay Aiken died!
um no.
just picked up a galaxy nexus gsm last week. Couldn't resist the price drop and Nexus status beats quad core in my book
Get Rich or Die Trying has been on tv a lot lately.
Also check to make sure that he or his wife can make some decent eggs. We wouldn't want James Neal to go hungry.
Having a poor customer support experience with Universal Remote
Frakes, I would love to have u call in around 7:30 to give your thoughts on the 6th and 7th region districts.. 627-0953
did you ever have those moments when you responded to a potential client and totally misspelled their names
"He can really rebound. He's really long, he's really strong." Brad Stevens on Roosevelt Jones.
or maybe
elderkitty has come out of her shell and is roaming the house ... very nice
Online Gambling Film ‘Runner, Runner’ Will Star Ben Affleck, Justin Timberlake
Getting ready to roll to PHX so all the "driving idiots" on I-10 please take the nearest exit and get off the freeway.
Jealous!!!! But keep posting those pics...really enjoy them!
Or me. If you ever hear some guy that starts screaming at people who stop walking near the bottom of an escalator, it's me.
I'm sure that Dave & Lorrie are very proud parents. They've raised a beautiful, humorous, & talented young lady, Elizabeth Egan Gillies.<3
The Fray's new cd comes out tomorrow! SO excited.
Good Morning #COSrings. Its time to kick of a new week. Looks like we are starting out with a full house.
Stay tuned for analysis of latest San Diego County jobless figures by He'll post and update today!
“: I got my fan going I'm a wuss when it comes to heat” ... Same here ... 2 fans lol
Maybe not today, but perhaps someday... :)
that's what I said!! But the source aka thinks its brilliant.
It was a butterfly wonderland outside this morning. LP too or is it a #southside specialty? Bums & 🐶s too
Tracy McGrady scrubbing it
CHIME IN: Have US schools lost their leading edge? Are countries like China to gain the upper hand? You tell me.
May your love soar on the wings of a dove in flight.
Challenger Attacks Houston Mayor
may i get the ridge racer gold pass please?
cool my dance teacher is amazing she teaches us hip hop theater dancing its really fun
whats the move son?
Thanks! (and glitter)
I clapped like a retard when I saw him. awesome! however, the cgi on him was shit.
Enjoyed and learned during your Mindfulness,Compassion & Self Compassion Retreat today. Became more aware of that "moment".
Today’s Pasadena Specials: Soups of the day are butternut squash and white bean. Sugar free lemonade is pineapple coriander.
lots of good reference today at , geotagging training, sanborn fire insurance maps, reference manuals. now it's
of course :)
A bit startled to discover has 63 followers, despite no updates ever. Patient friends: will tweet some steve news soon.
it would make my night if u would please please tweet me back pretty please <3333
your song Boyfriend is stuck in my head. Cant wait till your album comes out. You inspire me so much wish to meet you one day.
just me!
Am I now?
thanks for telling me about #dish2011 slideshow. Referencing it in my #MW2012 paper on dig project management.
Goin to the US :)♥
Thanks Tonya - I will check it out and repost with an updated link
U hafta wonder if are better without Machine Gun Melo just like ?
Whoppi! Good job on Glee, I don't watch the show. Tuned in to watch u.
Express yourself.......nobody else can do it for you
is tom kenny dead or alive,
hi. RT : It's #JackFriday. !!!!!!!!!!!!! FREE SHIPPING! Hundreds of styles available!
Hiya Dave... Still in Denver?
Anyone wanna bet me that the new giant-baby-looking N. Korean leader won't look like an old lady, as his father did, within 20 years?
Behind the scenes with Top Chefs! Excited about
Having dinner at Macaroni Grill in the OC :)
in life you cant do nun but try man!
You guys are the best <3
what do you do again?
how was it? I am thinking of reading it myself before I watch the movie.
He poops cinnamon rolls. ": Brad Pitt is so perfect. Do you guys think he even poops?"
.. will be shocked if doeboi dont be d.o'd for his 2marrow
You the only one with experience to do the job
It seems that moving lots of items to and from chests can cause the game to crash. Has happened 3 times now.
Home sweet home! 🏠❤
If you want to know a websites marketing strategy or wish list - Just look at the <meta name="description & keywords" in the source code.
great idea. Taking as action 4 me. “: RT : Q4) Share conference hashtags | Have the home team participate... #lrnchat”
Thx for organizing the BOS HH. Glad to be back in purple + gold territory!
I'm following his thoughts are uplifting.
I just got 56 spam msg in the last 5 minutes!!! -__- hate it... lol
“: Idc who you are, if you talk about my mom; You will get dropped.”
what happened
Hey Mike! You have to check out the tea aisle. They have some amazing new teas!
Mechanical bull + a line of beautiful women in NYC .... Good way to start my weekend
dude, you're so lazy. I got you on beer and shit if you get down here. swear
Thanks for sharing this post. Lesson learned.
please follow me ple3ase
Poor City comtains three dedications: Roger McGuinn, Susan Alcorn and Terry Riley
Time commit's are an issue. Perhaps continue trend of more workshop-style panels at AAS, building towards bigger.
Living life at Jazzbah!!!
Headed to the ZOO. Doing a broadcast with - see u there!
Interesting: Whole Foods ties preparing meals at home to the eat local trend in their new Valentines radio spots. Will u eat this yr?
pretty weak
Goal of the Day: Not quite spring yet, but it's warm enough! Start spring cleaning by committing to clean out 1 rm/wk until the job is done!
Though an adult should never puke (unless it's from too much to drink), I think I feel better now? Hope I don't throw up in court.
so proud of you!!! I can breathe now--glad u went first!
Tonight, your mine.
RT went to KFC n asked how much was the bucket on the roof
Rogers new book is a book of essays...
It's been a long day! I think it's time for me to go to bed now!
#sportingkc lost today...let the overreaction and doomsday talk begin!
I haven't been myself lately it's weirs
Want to make cibreo, anybody in Milwaukee or Chicago know where to source cocks combs?
Ready for a bubble bath and a glass of wine. :)
Dolphins trade Marshall to Bears. I wonder how this fits into the race for Manning.
thanks for #believe ing & retweting #faith being d supreme medicine..prescrptn. take faith daily, with a full glass of gratitute
My roommate is currently using a blow torch in the living room . . . Stay tuned to see if we blow up.
love to dicuss the future of PLE in schools in Portugal. Can we skype? Mail Klaas .com one of the seven fantastic tools
cowherd should really take his act on the road.
haha monumental moment
Omg the sierra ward just retweeted me lol :)
Love that! What a great welcome to the team! :)
going to miss you today at #halo won't be the same without ya!
I'll check with Nisha and let you know, thanks
Our company started last June and we have already serviced 200+ in SD. Call @ 619 335 7523 for the best all inclusive prices around.
I really want to try to go to the in New Orleans in March. Is anyone else planning on going?
The rain delay known as #Orioles #Rangers RT : Tell us which game you are watching right now.
It would be awesome if the #D3 beta worked.
Promise I will. Medyo pilyo but super bait minsan moody. I'll tell him sa monday.
I love Lucy but she is so... weird! LOL :).
Mothers day #gift -give $50 get $50
I need to get to Rivers Edge for a class asap! I am also addicted to arm balances & am graduating from TT next month! Woo!
Youre a great mom :-))RT : Mob Ties #MobWives sippn Mai Tai's....WHO'S READY FOR THE SEASON FINALE...I will be live tweeting!!
I would pay close attention to detail if I were you, you might miss your claim to fame.
Thanks for #FF..Its yankees baseball day!
Basketball at JC and Racquetball at Seaton!!
How was your #Alaska #Easter?? We had a BIG BUNNY on R trains.
NBA is back!!
think I'm a hit the wait room up today .... Get back in shape
Rehearsing Alina's piece Tcahora tonight at Hot Yoga. Looking to perform this piece in the near future.
Ok headed to the gym now do make sure your getting the "beach body" in shape for your first bikini day xo
Will our children look back on 2008 as a test of capitalism?
the green ranger was just dat NIGGA man. he was called ONLY if the rangers were getting raped. even then he might not even show up
iv gotten a tweet a RT gotten an autograph & meet him in person all I need is to see him Live & all my goals will be complete
Need to find me a valentine, is it u? Lol
Rusty is a water dog that HATES the water. Yup, he's a crazy pup.
Did you know: a third of all cancers could be cured through early detection and proper treatment? Help support. www.socialimpactinc.org
What our mind places there is far more terrifying than the threat itself... >:)
What's the funniest April Fools prank you've pulled of at the office?
there was no need for that study. Years & years of research shows that tech does not --> higher scores.
lol. They Come Off That Way, but Taurus Look Past Book Covers. They Turn You On Like A MF Tho, but They Be So Confused!
Congrats to your mom and the proud daughter!
i woke up this morning hoping that everything bad that happened was a dream .. :/
Every young man would do well to bear in mind that all profitable business stands on the foundation of morality.
gag I just got off... Still people there?
haha goodshit gotta stay focused...thats one thing we didnt really do. at least me
#conahec was great today great speakers like et al Eyeopening!
#thankful for :P
“: The anorexia rate in men has increased by 16% since last year.” My manorexia becomes a statistic. I hate being so petite! Haha
Cant wait for my new logo! These veggies are starting to drive me crazy :)
Who has seen "Act like a Lady, Think like Man"? Is it worth seeing?
: also there are tons of Fear and Loathing references in this movie.
TONIGHT! Join us for a heart-healthy Happy Hour in the Pearl! Complete our passport program & receive a Yelp swag bag!...
I need to thank my wife for a wonderful dinner. Let's get ready for tomorrow
Some interesting uses for tile in the bath include shower benches, soap niches and tub surrounds.
Watch out NY! I'm coming to take over with a little help from cuz he's been running you for a minute. Who gon' check me boo?!
we're helping Miami's Haitian community get access to legal and public services, but we need your help!!
Yes it is pronounced "Keeeeeeeenwah"
Thanks Cord! Glad you liked it :)
#Np never be the same
I should just put dayquil in my mug and sip on that all day.
Happy Tuesday! "First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do." ~ Epictetus
If there is free money involved - I want some!
My first PR boss just found me on Twitter! Nice to hear from you Roxanne!
Thx for the retweet. You are my hero! :-)
Alex is sexy (;
Imagine ON THE RADIO- i'm sexy and i know it. Austin-points at you and says "You're sexy and you show it" (:<
“: As it turns out, does not age. Mama's rockin' it out, looking amazing!" You can't be serious.
Bodacious Broad party tonight......
Pretty much the last person in the world I want advice from on raising my daughters is John Mayer.
I didn't have a chance to meet you :'(
I hear the beat of my heart getting louder whenever i'm near you
Been a pretty impressive comeback here in the second quarter.
I am me. psshhh who else could I possibly be ? :)
It's going to be GREAT!!!
“: They say before you succeed, you gotta suffer” Amen. That's why you gotta keep going.
After my workout I discovered a wormhole in the fabric of time- my shower. What I thought was 5min was really 40min. Now running late 2 mtg.
My Thanks to all
it's time to get a shiny new one;-)
remember when Rodgers came in vs Dallas a few years back....Flynn is gonna kill it
my boy needs some beats
All packed up & ready for tomorrow's Flea Market @ Eastern Market. Sending positive thoughts to the gods of no wind.
This weather almost makes us want to leave the studio.
If you dont use it, you lose it.
Underwriters: At this point, I sort of wish they'd ask me for a pint of blood instead of more student loan paperwork.
hey i am a huge fan of the hunger games, no lie. also it would mean alot if you followed me back and i love your videos. =)
think Rees might be done... Assaulting a Cop? Good lord
unless, well...it actually is soul searching. Your cynical assumption doesn't leave room for that.
Im hungry.
Yeah ikr i just finished too..I hate it, there are too many questions and CL is so frustrating
Back at the beach
it's okay haha I could know?
It's actually Rachel but nice to meet you!
it's the economy, not you 'governer'
I hope you do something fun then.
@ This club/bar in HARPER WOODS wit rollers in my hair & they talkin SO WHAT? BIG PROOF wore pajamas Y I CANT wear rollers?
Pay NO attention to people who talk sh*t behind your back, That just means you are 2 steps ahead.
Walker Rebate Wednesday! Ride your bike, take the bus or walk to VIA for 20% off your bill today.
just until midday, then back to London. :)
He who smiles in a crisis has found someone to blame.
This has my back hurtin
Preparing a presentation 4 an interview 2morrow about "you, your experiences & capabilities that we have not learned from your resume"ideas?
You know it's time to do laundry when you've been borrowing your boyfriend's socks for 3 days..oops!
Im not down with the #yolo movement..
Of course I forgot a fork for the salad I packed for lunch -_-
it's awn... RT : save the date: THATCamp Bay Area Oct 22-23, hosted by Google. big thx to
I appreciate you T-Bird
cual es la otra,pork la ultima vez que yo cheque you are my one & only big sister named Yessica, & YOU ARE WEIRD MY LOVE!!!
Leave you? I'll never need to
so over this bitch
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen you tweet lyrics..:)
That last RT made me LOL, for real.
Can't wait to pick it up. Let me know your reaction.
they are pretty awesome.
It's a holiday. I'm at work. Good times. This place is so weird empty. Creepy!
Hahaha you gotta love it...
first time ien seen u brush since January 27
A4: LinkedIn groups is a great place to meet people.
Lunch break. Guest star focus is next in my weekend intensive. Finished 1 liners.
but will it be podcast today? I love listening, but its difficult for me unless delivered via rss feed.
Also, please remember to wear your yellow shirts at the rally at the LAUSD headquarters tomorrow!
hey didn't u message me about anita needing a bassist?
Oh, and be sure to tell your (many many) friends about OpenStudy! The more the merrier! :)
When people tell me that I need to move on <
Welcome to Hollister, would you like a flashlight?
is the weirdest kid ever. I swear. :) haha i love you
To all the ladies who didn't get this text..."Good morning beautiful!"
#continental original staff called to complain saying boarding pass with gold was all id needed. "That's what we have computers for" he said
what's going on there?
OAK ML
Congrats Ryan! You are the winner of a dozen free Auntie Em cupcakes!!
All these young ball players losing their hair.
Good thing the RV salesman isn't here with me. There are three flies...five flies...
We are truly amazed at how much great music is out there!! :)
I Need To Go Summer SHOPPIN ASAP>>>>>>>
what comment?
Don't feel good and can't sleep....but I'm back on twitter for now
Complimentary tickets to Paul Rabinow's Anthropos of Modernity lecture at Schnitzer Concert Hall on May 26, 2011, 7PM for Staff and Students
Banging korean rest across from my crib, remember Sputnik? Now Bi Bim Bop yummmmeeeee
Never a dull moment.
Don't call me retarded , you started this tweet war.
Haha! The snacks were obviously the best part! “: haha hey at least we got free snackies!”
“: Never thought I'd be blast'n Beiber but feel'n his song "if I was ur boyfriend" #dontjudge” glad you decided to join
Haha more to come man...more to come... RT : thanks for having good shit to play!
hahahaha, Who is that, You know who it is haha
How is at playing D?
I could've gotten an extra hour of sleep.
red wine :)
Great Song! Who doesn't like Nelly???
you shouldnt even have a sancha, save your money lol.
Hello lovely!! I know, been crazy busy with school, then I come on here in hour(s) long increments lol how have u been?
Good Morning world ! On the way to the beach wid my loves --- planning on having a good day (:
Dear , I will be thinking of you all day. Wish I could be there to see you knock the socks off the folks of Douglas! Much love!
That's right volunteerism saves millions to city and guarantees transparency. :-)
Its about time that get some radio time in the nap I been talkin about the kid for a minute
#nowplaying Big Bang-Beautiful Hangover...
but the idea that you should pay 10% of your income for 10 years and then get it wiped away is STUPID.
i want more followers. follow me bitches.
other than the sauna, I think we had the same taper plan :)
Our better block volunteers are tired of cheap pizza, can anyone help us out with dinner tonight?
lolol, i bet you put cover up :3 lol
I've partied in Puebla before. I would see your set there than im my hometown of Las Vegas any day!
okay I want to sleep early though so you have to let me know when ur gonna start Italian or algebra or whatever haha
Ending Wed, buy any full-priced espresso beverage before 11am, bring back your receipt after 2pm same day & get 1/2 off any espresso!
pretty boring friday...
LA Sports Fans Frenzy Kicks Up
"The fear of the Lord is to hate evil: pride, and arrogancy, and evil way, and the froward mouth, do I hate." -Proverbs 8:13
Having a stuffy nose <<<
No problem! You guys provide a great service for #Madison!
Spice Gurls are kind of like McDonalds. Good every few years
Daily Muse: "Every great story on the planet happened when someone decided not to give up, but kept going no matter what!” Spryte Loriano
Suddenly I felt a misty consciousness & I somehow knew that w-a-t-e-r meant the wonderful cool something that was flowing over my hand....
"fascinating and spooky" sounds like an oxymoron.
nothing listening to boyfriend and planning how were gonna stalk austin! Lol
Just one of those days when nothing would fall. More motivation
I love you just the way you are...
Gov. Jerry Brown proposed cuts to poor MedCal patients as part of his plan to eliminate a $26.6 billion deficit.
Chesterfield's Denny Hamlin #11 on the pole tomorrow! Bring home that Checkered Flag
"advertising is the price companies pay for being unoriginal." RT via
Its 11:11 and I'm eating soup!!
Let me ask this: what exactly does one tweet during a play?
First time at the shake shack. Inhaled my burger in 2 minutes.
we want to see is "Rock of Ages." There is a half price ticket booth in Times Square which sells 1/2 price tix day of show.
Need some one from Ohio for my internet business!!
Why Tf Am I Nervous ?
Well deserved Tom! Thank you for all your kindness.
Just what the #Rangers needed after last night. Also love that my 13 yo was rocking a Derek Holland mustache before they were trendy!
Happy #worldbooknight Chicago!
I've participated in NaNoWriMo 4 times and finished twice. This year I'm using it to write, but not a novel.
Well, I deleted your message, so the answer is probably "No."
!!!!! RT Pain shouldn't stop your praise...that is very true
“: Lol, thinks I'm a disgusting barn animal 😁😜” u wipe ur hands on the sofa & ur tshirt use a napkin!!
Think my account has been hacked. Trying to resolve. Sorry for the crazy tweets.
We can, we can break out of here jump on over there where the air is clearer we can, we can forget the pace win in our own race become a
Weather is Fabulous Today for a Rooftop Happy Hour at Eden Lounge. Join Carl & Zita for the best Grown & Sexy happy hour. Doors open at 5pm
guess that's why I was afraid to ask... ;( let's just call it fur-ish
Why are you such a bitch
yes. Not even close.
RichmondNightOut.com has a special this week for ANYONE who wants a MONTH LONG rotating Ad -ON OUR HOMEPAGE- for just $25 - call 955-7257 !
Happy birthday to First edition hit news stands130 years ago this week.
I am in incredible shape.
instead of promoting people who already have 10,000+ followers, why don't you help people who don't? LOLL
I miss him too. He was so damn good.
Wish we got to support her performance! We're thrilled Jean Butler sent us a good luck message!
Lmao!,its like.... Don't they know about the show by now?
Henny n Coke in my cup thats what the fucks up
We also have; Bacon and Eggs.............6.95 Chicken piccata .........8.95(lunch)...10.95(dinner) Soup of the Day----vegetable barley------
At the Cloud Road show, HP acknowledged the iLO and embedded lifecycle mgmt had fallen behind competitors, trying to leapfrog now
do you have a personal fb that you're adding fans on? Just want to be sure its you!
Happy Birthday! I hope there is cake somewhere in this day for you. :)
I'm like cabs but have found some great blends too!
Satisfied needs never motivate people to perform at a higher level, only unsatisfied needs. Have your systems set your people up to fail?
Casa de Lara on State Street is a well known Mexican Restaurant in downtown Madison, WI. www.dealoria.com
This man is having a ball with his no teeth self...lol
Back at #AEA ready for some workshops!
get boned broseph. hate that :[
damn dude, over 7300 tweets. You need to get a verified account soon. big timer
RT : Advice of the Day RT : Keeping a message simple is the best way for an idea to spread.
Yay! No school on Friday:D
New "SNOCLOTHING" Shirt Coming Soon!!!
well i wont give up on us god knows im tuff even tho we still got alot to learn God know we r worth it<3 Love you please follow?
I see myself as sexy. If you are comfortable with it, it can be very classy and appealing. - Aaliyah
I need to pray because I dislike you so much right now that if the Lord came back at this very moment I might not make it!!!!!!!!!!
Rs are in the majority. Don't count on them.
Did everyone have a great day today? xA.Lx
omg I totally thought I was already following you! Done :)
#KONY2012 - He recruited kids to kill other kids in public. #HORNY2012 - He killed his own invisible children in public
Listening to the new album! Too good.
"A woman needs to always be ready to get undressed publicly" - my mother, ladies and gentlemen.
what the hell?!
Garbage garbage garbage garbage garbage garbage.
daughter--my thoughts!!!!
RIP Levon Helm
Ok. Hope everything is fine and you feel better soon then.
I know, really disturbing!
Just met a charming professional head hunter while waiting to board my flight. I gave her my bosses name to find him a job.
I couldn't agree more ! Disney is just not the same.
thanks for the #FF mention :)
Like the Black Eyed Peas sang, "Where is the Love?" for Alshon Jeffery from NFL decision makers? A.J. Green really? AJ GREEN?
"and if she starts to have seizures again don't give her Ativan.. She makes them up" lol the dr said this to me and I died laughing
With the uncertainty about the future of small businesses and what the government will do next, it takes hard work, and a success...
I feel crappy.
Great lunch and service with a smile!
is it possible to meet u? i'd love to <21
lol this dude on fb is just stupid.
VA weather is a trip. It's been sunny and storming all morning and afternoon.
why are everyone stop following me?
thanks! Lol your a whole 10days early though! Lmfao
"White and Nerdy" ROCKS!
YOU BEST STAY AWAY FROM ED YOU DAMN RIOTERS. FUCK OF. ugh such a bad first impression Seattle...
Any suggestions? : It's getting close to being stout and porter beer weather.
Really looking forward to this fall. I guess it is time for me to finish up my faraday cage. ;)
if youve got a fucking problem with me .. why dont you address it to my face instead of calling me a bitch OVER TWITTER .
lol! Ur welcome dude! :) I'm catching up right now. Any wait to c the new season!
RT : My eye is fine, X-ray is negative. I should be ok for the Raptors. (Good news.)
Not just awake.... Wide Awake....laying here thinking about nothing...& often.
Good tbl change. Except i get min 3b by old guy. Flop OESD and have to fold.
I can see why you would be scared but you can have an intuitive reading to connect with your past & spirit guides.
Happy Mothers Day to my mommmaa ❤🌺🌻
Ever since I cut bangs again I've been getting evening headaches. What does it all mean?
Sweatpants, hair up, curled up on my couch under a blanket.... Aw yeaa
a real Mexican would know that Cinco de Mayo isn't a real Mexican holiday
Romances, tanlines, parties, memories.
its a tweet inside a tweet inside a tweet inside a tweet inside a tweet...
Thanx for the shout-out for our #PAS2012 Sat AM session on Web Tech in your Twitter note!
Just finished reading "The immortal life of Henrietta Lacks". Wonderful read for all who use western medicine.
I'm feeling so bad for this lady who's trying to groom Dash's face. Smh ohh gosh he is the most stubborn wiggly dog ever. Do you tip them?
but maybe pet shelter web site redesigns are in order... it is all relative...
where I work, if you don't get the job done, you get fired. I'd like you to meet
Snoop Dog? RT“: I haven't met anyone who drinks Gin in years. What's their marketing secret?”
Ugh...I wish I could clone myself.
Just got my track uniform...its DISGUSTING.
RT when you going ..if I do go around 5
Complimented by for flossing habits.
We went home , and how am I pimp ? We needa hang sometime for real ! Lol
agreed. And tweet amended.
Haha, your back and forth is cracking me up.
Crucial action step for U helping to keep heart healthy is to maintain a healthy weight.
Also Alicia Keyes and Bonnie raite
I look really pretty today.
wait no one is mature here.
oh that'd be hysterical on BART...
When my grandson asked me how old I was, I teasingly replied, I'm not sure
very true everyone needs to learn how to spell.
go occupy your butt
I dunno, Per. That sounds like a lot of work... ;)
Heard of "flash projection" advertising? A bright light sears a logo in a viewer's vision and it lingers even if you close your eyes. Um..
Someone teach me about hockey!!🙏
umm...i'm just guessing haha x) hope it's true
lol thanks but why?
Great beer tastings with friends tonight. After IPA, pumpkin, porter, stout flights, Dark Lord is still my favorite.
My fortune cookie: romance is likely; strike up a conversation.
Bring the kids to #Easter fun tomorrow! Hop to the Bunny Train and take a trip around the market!
Very sad to be missing
Oh, okay. Um, I invented Post-Its.
oh ok :) that is just SO sweet!! you just can't imagine how much!!!!! <3333333333
Interstate Bridge Lift Complete.... traffic moving again into and out of Vancouver...
People been blowing my phone up today too bad I didn't have my phone..
a bad night turned into a GREAT night!! i love the bandd!!
Mr.D's painting has been serving San Diego county for over 25 years. Look us up on the web or call us @ 619-562-5848
Good morning...
Have to say we have the best event planning intern on the planet!
...stay here and get the stuff kicked out of us or we can fight our way back into the light. We can climb out of hell. One inch, at a time.
is a loser!
Literature as high-fealty cognitive enactment of dilemma. A similar theme can be found RE: history in Clausewitz's On War.
There is no better feeling as a yoga teacher than putting your mentor to sleep during Savasana
oh my god, yes. hah.
This saturday im bout to be at bikestyles jus chillin b4 the show, come on up from like 2-5
RIP Grandad, I will NEVER forget you. And I will ALWAYS love you. I miss you. <3
OH MY GOSH WHAT IS WRONG WITH US
On eBay, there are an average of $680 worth of transactions each second.
Dolphins over there juggin. Fuck y'all man.
Great Music equals Greater Times...PALI's music can be a soundtrack to YOU life!
Orioles need some runs to win this second game
Thanks for your kind mention. I've been slacking on Twitter recently. No particular reason. BBL! :-)
"Sorry Timberland , but P. Sanders is bringing sexy back" c; <21 -
And it doesn't really matter if you break my heart, just as long as we're together and don't fall apart
Tom Hiddleston might be my new favorite, if only he didn't have to compete with Mark Ruffalo and Thor.
you on Maher,I thought u were reasonable&able to reexamine ur own mind-interested in ur opinion on abortion&gay marriage
i actually just saw the video game you have set to release online. looks awesome and yes i love the show
ohh you hanging out at Edge Pool? Have fun ladies!
Hi,I'm preparing to launch this product and would love to know if you can help me. I'm looking for vast exposure.
Every minute you live presents a choice. Whoa! I'm not sure I can take the pressure. Think I'll just live and not worry about it.
let us know what u think :-))
👍the beauty of it RT : You can never tell when a #Capricorn is serious or not. That's the trick.
Got my I voted sticker! Remember when we all used to just vote and not judge other people?
Runs deferrals... I like it RT : #Phillies may want to save some of these runs for the Mets.
Wise words from RT Nothing amazing has ever been accomplished by staying securely in your comfort zone.
2 more days! That's right 2 more days and then you will get your chance to dance! RSM Auditions this Saturday!! info www.rocksteadydance.org
After waiting through a rain delay, and following the game throughout the afternoon's tasks on #700WLW, I am AMAZED at #Votto #REDS!!!
Hang in . Be your best regardless of others.
raise it!
The best thing in life is the memories you have been given because no one can take them from you.
it may be 2:00 before I get to my hotel.
Thanks so much Pat! We are so glad that you came to the show!
Gonna get my hair did!
Pounded a chicken burrito bowl & now I wanna pound some vagina birth canal
what type of attorney are you looking for? Business law, immigration, divorce support custody, etc. ?
Won't let me message you back b/c you don't follow me. Address is 818 S. Gammon Rd. Madison, WI 53719
Forgetting Sarah Marshall. Perfect movie right about now.
: That's three minutes of my life I won't get back. Read further into the piece and the guy becomes nuttier.
That whole "just sayin" shit is really starting to get on my nerves. The time for it has passed. Let's move on.
They say love is like a bar of soap. Why? Because once you think you got it, it slips away..
Lol! RT : MadBum you cold blooded magnificent son of a bitch
I'm finally back like I never left.
ok gosh chill!
#FOLLOWMEKIANLAWLEY if not ill drop dead
CLO...I <3 it! Thx for following and be sure 2 chk out 4 the latest in marketing, advertising, pr & graphic design!
thanks for following us! nice website!
We were just talking about storytelling songs on my Facebook is My Mix Tape group page. Must be something in the air...
I am. But maybe standing in the taco line was someone's fun time with friends or family? It's all subjective.
“: in a recent survey it was found that 59% of people like to check their emails while using the toilet.”
May your neighbours respect you, Trouble neglect you, angels protect you and heaven accept you.
Stupid Drunk
#YoureCuteAndAllBut you're a bad kisser
herb and sushi, oh my god, my knees are weakened..but i cant do it 2nite
First RHOA, now Homeland!
we usually sing and hang out in the basement.then have like a 5 minute talk about God at the end.its sweet!
Listening to XM Yankee games, Suzyn Waldman & John Sterling are the Jerry & Elaine of baseball.
All three New York Public Library Systems are definitely needing funding and support to save their libraries. So support is a good thing!
I'm not the one that you want. I'll always let you done.
Congrats again. What a great opportunity and life experience. Happy for you.
Thanks for the chat and the info
Oh lord, I just got 7 hours of fresh air and exercise. I am going to sleep like a thing that sleeps really well. Bedtime is now?
thank you!!!! It goes off sale tomorrow.
Banged out lots of fliers, but 2 Hennies too many
Hey Eugene, glad to hear Mom & her BF are OK. Accidents suck! Cars can be replaced, people cannot.
I snickered a bit on that one.
obviously if you tweeted about it..
Its live as fuck up in here
You made me laugh so hard you gave me a double chin batman!
That Robinson guy is a total douche.
That moment when you're taking a shower and the power and water go out.
Awesome, that sounds like you're doing something right for sure.
Corporate Fraud: What is worst case that you know about?
Lmao RT : so, does it irritate u to hear non-djs like lindsay lohan & wayne being called djs & being paid for it?
This hoe is a cornball
#Walmart, because going to #Target requires a shower.
Hillman judge S Meiselas is missing #OWS to award the Prize for Photojrnl. That's commitment. Her shutter finger is itching.
Juicy lips >>>
Thanks to all, for the personal messages and positive thoughts... All the support is overwhelming, to say the least
Thanks for the input. Sounds like I should check it out. You participating in all the Cardinal revelry later this month?
tjx Donna. Guess what tho, I am actually 25 away from 1000 because I read the # wrong and I am a dumbass LOLL :)
Huntsman: Greater transparency in Chinese politics today
Dayton wants jobs bill and bonding bill passed this session to get Minnesota's unemployed workers back on the job.
RT : "Failure is an important part of development. If you never fail you aren't challenging yourself."
Mothers all want their sons to grow up to be president, but they don't want them to become politicians in the process
Congrats to our own for being named on the board. Looking forward to more great events and inspiring thoughts.
In Mississippi 80° and beautiful
I'll be gwaiting ... *combs goatee"
no. Not all of them
Shit needs to be like it was back in #TheOldWest After you get #Convicted of murder rape or #HorseTheft You get #Hung from the closest tree.
Is there a certain time each day or a certain task that sucks the life out of you? Why do you think this is happening?
Ruijssennaars concludes lecture. Many were in attendance; more between 50-75.
Chillin with the radio on :)
/// I miss Scott Gertner's wings...
": RT hey hun how are u~ I'm good boo!! Chillian like a villian!" That's good miss u guys we gotta hook up
Cool beans...id b interested in research connecting anger and nutrition.
#Bleu is looking for an online editorial director . If you are interested send your resume to . NY residents a plus
Just got off the phone with Patrick Calder running for Congress in Maine. Neat guy. If you live in his district you need to pay attention.
got another leadership thingy to Washington...
Kansas with the
Featuring Jeremy from win there cd & a McDonalds Shamrock shake listen now on
you're a music aficianado. How's 's band?
Dang is real friendly making all our guys laugh over there on first!
DM so I can give u my Cell
Allegro is packed and ready to go --Clarksburg WV Sat 4pm Performance on the Main Stage for the www.wvihf.com --see you all there!
S/ to my president an next baby daddy for giving n xtra$100 on my food stamp so now that's mo $$$
It follows from the logic of some of their arguments, but no specific cases.
Sittin at work, cant wait til' thursday to get skills out of the way, and then taking registry a week from today! SO CLOSE TO MEDIC LUCKY!!!
Great sign & a perfect shot of it! Thanks for sharing the photo.
Now i wana skate....slow and in a rink of 10 people lol
Merry Holidays y'all! Butter!
~Kudos on your professionalism w/ the post game interview with Miles. Love how you know what and when to ask.
hes in the lineup
agree. I like the quiet guys that just get shit done. It's all about executing… but hey you know that
leftover artichoke and spinach stuffed bacon wrapped chicken o'clock!
Drive is the most insane movie, I think I've ever seen!!!!!
love life while you here
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength; loving someone deeply gives you courage. -- Lao Tzu ()
can you download songs . I need some
Am I supposed to be happy, when all I ever wanted, it comes with a price. You said that You would die for me, you must live for me 2..
LMAO yeah I meant "Oh damn it Brooks Conrad is starting!"
Nope, but being there for the Easter Regatta is on my bucket list
Sneezy morning! Please do not be a start to another cold. Ive got some traveling to do!
#APtest in T-minus 4 days...
Checked in w friends in Hawaii. They are bracing for possible impact from #Tsunami and wide spread power outages.
thanks for the follow michelle
Such a good day yesterday on the lake w/ you guys! Glad you, Ty and I got a shower/bath while on the boat! Haha:) love u friends!
love their stuff!
Should we start a Kickstarter?
Congrats to for winning at ‘Aipono Awards Gala. I think me, need to jet over 2 Maui and congratulate!
If only creeped up on me, THIS VERY SECOND . . . hmm.
new email!!!! ask if you need it :) ciao xx
#Bazinga... Having a little withdrawal of #TheBigBangTheory. An episode will be in order when I get home tonight.
thanks to that special someone...I really needed that nap
RT : Pretty sure Han Solo had himself encased in Carbonite just to avoid Mondays.
indeed.. feel free to browse www.peoplewithcriminalrecords.com and share ideas
HELP!!! Anyone? Anyone?? Bueller???
lil harsh don't you think?
I guess Hardin of an Elbow! Ha!
Watching the Lakers with Mike Brown reminds me so much of the Cavs. Talent all over the floor with as much flow as my rapping skills
U coming to the shop 2day ? Bring them Ur2Girly accessories with you :)
That was the first time an NFL player was happy to see Roger Goodell in the last 364 days
Students! Get into any of our shows for $1 this weekend. Just show us your student ID.
covering the NATO craziness this weekend?
Thanks for the follow!
You're awesome, Thanks!! :0)
Awk already tweet that movie
Tryna change my ways
living the dream!! How are things in your world?
RT : If you are going to Taco Bell for a diet, you have a bigger problem than your weight.
not sure about app, but I believe does that on the website
o of course young sir so when I get out of work we can chill wit delilah and then skate
I want a milkshake and I have to ask the pros
um, AWESOME!
Is anybody out there? I feel like I'm talking to myself, no ones seems to know my struggle,& everything I've come from. Can anybody hear me?
#TradHome #AADLA thank you! Table will be on display thru Sun. is fantastic!
I finished all three books of girl with the dragon tattoo and hunger games... now what do I do with my time??
thinking of you. text me.
that sounds amazing!
I don't think we're allowed to have heaters. And in the next couple months I'll be needed a mini- AC!
bea-stie boys
Thanks...but there was no skill involved. Pure luck :) RT : nice job Anna!
you told me you loved me, so why did you go away?
At the Georgia MEA convention. They love the Brio! Flute with the Sheridan head down in these here parts!
Respect those that Respect themselves
then you gotta spell it right - Donny*
hah of course, we can talk at lunch tomorrow
yo you get my text?
What if I'm wearing a hoodie and butterfly wings?
I'm eating Runners. This is my breakfast.
Can't wait to join you again :) have a great dayy <3 <3 :) x
do u still go to Shiloh
the internet...enabling creepy men for 16 years and counting.
Actually broke it last night....
is so beautiful!!! Love the Boyfriend video ~
Just wrapped day 1 of the I Wanna Go video. I-I-I wanna go-o-o to my b-e-e-d to get some sleep tonight. -Brit
I need some pho in my life right meow.
Thanks for the shout out!
Maybe because u have schools like texas college and paul quinn etc.. dat rip there students off
Time for some cardio!! Pylo P90X! Love this workout!!
ARE YOU IN PORTLAND?!
happy birthday to my favorite amazing junior gymnast :)
lol he's the most talked about athlete, I love joking about the hype of him..!!
just listened to Michael Irvin's take on why the #packers should go for 16-0. it was the best i've heard yet...
Yes ! Ms brown my home room teacher !
you're 16. stop having kids and getting engaged. just be your age and have fun. go fucking party and get in trouble while you can
Down there, more like a Tea Party Rally
what do I get for guessing the amount of pitches Braun would see in his first at bat?
“: Yellow customers in VA heading to DC, Blue Line trains are less delayed than Yellow (not single tracking on Blue)." Not true.
just watched Abraham Lincoln vs. Zombies good movie funny shit...
Impressed with attendance on potential snow day.
No one life is a peachy so bitch cut the act🎬
The way jaylen acted in the store <<
Ah, $2 Bombs all night long at Big Bar.
"Your Love is thick, and it swallowed me whole, you're so much braver, than I give you credit for... That's not lip service..."
Okay I got u:)
Since the casino is opening up, I'll be wandering around town looking for Danny Ocean and the boys...
I've Decided To Be A Beliber!!!
Call me maybe? STUCK IN MY HEAD!!
this NDC 20 % off clearance is so clutch right now
about 30 miles south of Monterey. Julia Pfeifer Burns State Park. Not enough superlatives to describe it.
"that doesn't make any sense."
nah, it depends on him. :( i hate when he lied and covered many things.
Haha- thought I was a real person until u questioned it...now I'm thinking I might be a robot after all. Can I get back to u on it?
“: trust me, u definitely dont seem the thuggish type lol”u sure I feel like in a different life I cld be a thug
Tan lines from track are the worst! Im thinkin' beach this weekend!(:
bro we got two days I didn't forget
No library weed
any time! Show was good and rowdy. Just like we like 'em.
with Linus on my plane I'm pacing!
follow me on Istagram Loves ~
I just want to find my comfort zone...and watch Cable Guy
I'd much rather lay in bed watching ridiculousness with Michael than participate in the party going on in my apartment.
yo dude stop flirting with blake!
Exactly. Your tweets should not read like Prince song titles.
It's bad manners to say "I love you", with a mouth full of lies.»
the downside of coming back to the mainland: i have to start wearing shoes again.
LOL !!! ": turn off the sound and watch certain music videos,it looks like groups of people going crazy ..."
you are the reason I am married.
BTW, great to see you again. AND to meet your husband!!
Go Louisville, go bebe!!
Three way tie? This is a fantastic ending to the #wellsfargo tourney! Come on Rory or Ricky!
Looks more like 'magnum' - seems like all of you are trained in modeling! Walk-off at 's #ITCmeetup?
I wanna know who crushes on me i would love to know single life sucks.
if someone would create a generic Holiday channel on Pandora, I would be much obliged.
It continues 2rain n Atlanta. Perhaps the rain represents the tears of heaven rejoicing with joy of the return home of TheRevDr T'Ofori-Atta
How many "Real Fans" do you have? How many would travel at least 200 miles and pay to see you perform?
get some chicken nuggets, & chapotle sauce with it
hey just got my cast off, so im pretty ICONic today. How are you? please follow me?(: 3
Children: Spend the first 2 yrs of their life teachin 'em to walk and talk, then spend the next 16 yrs tellin' 'em to sit down and shut-up
My dog just perked up her ears to figure out the loud sound that startled her awake. The culprit? My mom. Ha! You've been out-snored puppy.
hit up Beasley and Hastings... Sure they'd love to play
digs won't let me connect to hotmail or a second twitter account. what's up?
on another note, I'm really digging fun.'s cd
Did you see last night on the #Simpsons? Hilarious.
that was "naked" and not "nake" - was removing clothes while tryping.
it was last night leftover burrata pizza from pulino's though..
Ok, it's 8pm and I have spent ALL DAY screwing around with TOOLS and not actually getting my project done. So frustrating.
#Trivia What year did Citi Fieldopen?
2 days left for the Polaroids by H. Joe Waldrum exhibit @ the museum. A different take on NM iconic scenes. Come see it before it's gone!
like. have fun.
Really needs a friend :/
I recall some indie friends saying they admired (among other strategies) when someone obeyed a Vatican silencing. That it cd speak volumes.
Don't be the doorknob where everyone gets a turn, be a casino where only the lucky ones hit the jackpot...
*butts in* I would like to add my vote for a THATCamp campfire next year, preferably with s'mores
Bachata ... A way to a girls heart <3
Late night edition #FF:
Great preso on Social & Mobile by Apppssaavyyy yesterday!
Are you caring for a senior? & hosting resource seminar in Rancho Bernardo tomorrow morning.
Who is going to see Marina Abramovic tonight? I'll be there.
Oh lol okay
#RoyalWedding on BBC America, CNN, ABC, NBC, so mom....switching between them isn't going to make a difference...
Stop by for a burger, fries, and Rose Water, Peach Lemonade or Strawberry Cherry Juice!
but thats cause im lazy xD
Yay! RT Congrats and - you're going to party at the Goat Farm tomorrow night!
well you're a daisy if ya' do.
Color correction is looking good for ! Heading into the home stretch of post!
There is a bridge leading to said object. There was something like this at the Uni of Bratislava library.
I love the fact that is a Belieber and a Directioner! :D I LOVE YOU! ❤ #followmemaybe?
Hi my #1gunner happy Valentine's day Sweetie
Was reading article about Toyota recall & saw content targeted ad "Toyota.com/Recall - Toyota takes care of its customers..." Smart buy!
LinkedIn: "Your headline should say who you are without reading your profile." -
good now
The trailer and footage for The Amazing Spider-Man was quite impressive. Going to be one hell of an entertaining movie. Pretty stoked now.
STOP got that song in my head once! Not. Again. T^T
We're doing a VIRGO fix right now- Call #s show in search results, but not after clicking for more detail. Back to normal ASAP!
back is hurting really bad tonight.... making an apt monday.
#ImThatPersonWho Doesn't find people falling/getting hurt funny . Lol . Like, the fudge ?
Back to Monday. Had an awesome weekend. 4 photo shoot in 2 days! Make it a great day people!
WHAT IT DO FUCKERS
Our family said goodbye to a member of our family today. We let balloons go in his memory, thank you for the wonderful idea.
I sympathize with daily LA commuters. Fuck all of that.
What to do this weekend ?
I'd so walk out of this class, but I can't get in any more trouble so I won't... But I Have to Pee so bad Mr, McEver..
Good morning, ''Arise, shine, for your light has come, and the glory of the LORD rises upon you'' Isaiah 60:1
God has a purpose for your Pain, a reason for your Struggles, and a reward for your Faithfulness! #DontGiveUp”
"That coleslaw looks quite ferocious!"
THEN ILL TAKE BEING DEAD OVER GRADUATION ANYDAY.
hash tag turks
hey add me on FB ()
Thx for sharing that link--I love the "pineapples don't have sleeves" line :)
Ha! Yes! That one is so true.
that would be cool if they did just so people can be like oh okay see theyre on good terms=]
Just passed St Michael's in Old Towne (right off of the brown line sedgwick stop). Beautiful historic church!
could u please help us to trend #switzerlandwantsbiebsback ??
Thanks for the follow Chef, it's an honor!
Northern California is going to be poppin this summer !
I'm on the verge of doing just that!
Scrubs..and Tumblr. Also, tweeting. Again.
Miss you too hun!
cool, thanks!
No, sorry to miss it. What's #techtacular about?
Sometimes I think printer ink is one of the most expensive liquids on the planet.
Okkkayy RT : I know right other side of the earth n shit. I'm about to text you
you should be like a detective!:)
Looks like we will see you in Barcelona as well. Visit us at the Novatel Booth at 1A55. Safe travels!
man this weater at the chi-town !!!!! is amazing bout to do some raw
Good to know! Thanks. Won't be the first weekend, either - we are at the Mt Vernon Wine Festival. 10/20 is the likely date.
So it turns out that humans don't know how to look up in that movie. Or aim guns.
hit us up Miss Hollywood.! Glad you are over that awful flu!
Bout to leave for work. Have a good day ppl.
Me too !! I've only see part 1 & 2
#fridayreads Man of Constant Sorrow by Ralph Stanley and Monster Fire at Minong by Bill Matthias
“: I wish daddy issues could be traded for something better than single dollar bills.” haha
You know things are getting bad when everybody talks to everyone but you and you dont have anywhere to sit @ lunch..
2nd cup of coffee, and yet I still feel like punching a small child. Staying away from people today
Pastoral's Sinfully Healthy and Millennium Park Bean sandwiches will be on #Sandwichking! Don't miss it Sunday at 10 AM
RT : I absolutely love the show Undercover Boss on TLC... <== I do too!
Me and still need to party together
Did you see the FLOTUS carrying your Target bag in the Vogue top 10 list? I have the same one!
"Anyone who has the power to make you believe absurdities has the power to make you commit injustices," said Voltaire. "No homo," he added.
I think to have a perfect life is to have family and friends who love and care about you!(: wish for me to buy your tea(:
Bleeh.. Bus service to javits sucks. Even if select.
Great reference for #tarot novice and enthusiast thank YOU
RT : RT if you're attending the event tomorrow we'll follow you and say "Hi" tomorrow!
Totally, but Baltimore is a very challenging place to make an artistic career due to low funding levels.
I love you!
lol no seriously
S/O to hes is wreckless af and does anything and everything. always making me laugh. Hes cool af
No taming me you know I'm off the fuckin chain!
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there!!!
Susan Tanisawa was my 6th grade teacher (Longfellow Elementary, Berkeley). Inspiring. I later became a 6th grade teacher.
SAW OR Final Destination. Final destination! Saw makes me sick
Bucks are officialy out of the playoffs. Sigh.
one thing
My Boo Boo is so beautiful 😘
Want to discuss *ONLINE* outreach to K-12: resources, tools & widgets, gaming(?!) - Meet me before or after #RAO Section Meeting
amen. btw that hashtag rules. and I think you're my twitter doppleganger based on your name.
Oh my god he didn't.....l
#ThoughtsAtWalmart Walmart is wack! Target is soo much better!!!!!
Mega sat down to 10...on the bubble with 2 other short stacks...taking forever.....9th pays $2600 cash top 8 get a seat
“ Putting my number in a tweet is the most unsafest thing ever ;o”
this would be easier if i had someone to lean on . i just can't. im fucking alone and my mom thinks im stupid & immature. Kill me
Rooms should be timeless. Sister Parish
Home alone with Jonah, Liam, and Hunter. We had a rubber band fight, ate deer jerky, and made coconut flan. Something doesn't fit...
Next I tried to ask Siri where I could order a hooker. It thought I said "I want to order a book or a cat".... OMG! DOES IT KNOW ME?!!
Gonna take it again tonight with the podium tonight OTB 15 rounds
who was the Manhattan College transfer in your trivia the other day?
I want to make moves, but I guess you need patience.
If you can perceive it you can achieve it
#SarahPalin pulls out of '12 election. If her daddy had just pulled out of her mommy we could focus on more important things like
Don’t reject a story idea because the topic feels too private....
Thanks!! Tweeting is so collaborative, isn't it?!
new media literacies: judgement re: info found online. negotiation, appropriation, play, transmedia navigation, distributed cognition
Excited to begin a little stint at starting Monday! Hello Northern VA, hope you've missed me!
"I was raised with a guitar in my hand & I was born to rock." -Elvis Presley in Viva Las Vegs
and I got them! Thank you very much.
Then don't remove it:) RT : The hunger for love is much more difficult to remove than the hunger for bread. [mother theresa]
You and me both.
I really need to! It's becoming a problem :/
yeah he will lol I'm just talking shit
Dear Shitty People: Shut The Fuck Up and Go Away. Sincerely, The Rest of Us.
Has one coach ever followed another only to have the reverse come true at another school? #arkansas dejavu
Okay you just ruined my fucking high. Heated af.
sticking stickers on top of others stickers on cd roms....#TheThingsIDo at work -___-
Devote today to something so daring even you can't believe you're doing it. -Oprah
great minds think alike...great seeing you both tonight!!
I got 99 problems and my girlfriend helps me eliminate them:]”.
the best thing though is the Heat look upset and rattled - not a sign of confidence moving forward no matter game outcome
40% of people will decide based on a church's online presence whether or not to even walk through the door.
I want Subway for dinner.
what a wimp next he will want nerf baseballs pitched to him
#neon11 "nice hat asshole...who are you?"
We <3 ! How about you?
GYM TIME... Gotta give people some sort of inspiration at the beach & Pool parties this summer....
I'd meet him in a fitting room any day 😉
Has been updating this page with her phone... but none of it has showed up. Anyone having the same issue?
aww thanks:) so are you!!!
your shirts are on their way. Would love to see a pic of you and your bro sporting them when they arrive.
You have to imagine it possible before you can see something
No Wifi at Dallas airport?
went song by song there is not one word on this whole thing...
Planning Bitter Sober's next music video for TRBT....stay tuned!
: Online #poker has bipartisan support in Congress. Please back on Payroll, Unemployment & Medicare Committee!
Really in the mood to eat a girl's face.
Enjoy the class! : Just about to begin #Articulate open enrollement class in Los Angeles put on by
justin Has Real Talent
I just read the reviews on Amazon. Mostly amazing. I'm looking forward to reading.
. Thanks for giving us a shout-out. See you there!
A2. Depends where. Can't find Appleton anywhere, or great mojitos. After 5, rum punch or a glass of bubbly- depends on mood & location
Star Wars Family Guy >>>
but im going to visit this month forsure!
finally! All the foot traffic at the Metrodome was a nightmare if you had to travel through the city the day of a game.
“: Bryce Harper isn't messin' around. You forget he's 19 out there.” it's incredible
Happy Pancake Day Liberal, Kansas!!!! Run Liberal Run:) <3
Frontrunning fans are a long-time tradition of LA sports.
I like a guy who takes initiative  its kind of a #TurnOn 
Not moving to Austria...
RT: If your sill awake:)
HEY i just wanted to say you sing so great u gave me chills when i herd you and i really love your singing RT this post ty
I have a feeling I'm going to become a inatagram whore. Follow me!- DANMARCELLA
Twitter deleted like 40 of my tweets smh
I would say no anyways..no offense but I'm not getting my heart broken again.
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 18
of course we can :D
#That LOOK you give your friends when someone ATTRACTIVE walks in the room. #IwantYou!
I have no idea where this bookmark on my phone for #Bing came from, but I am displeased.
:( MineCraft is crashing! :( so i wont be posting anymore! :( but i have another game that ill be recording, should be funny!
Today was a good day
I was just two blocks from at the same time. We were potentially passerbys.
#everydayithinkabout why I didn't do this a long time ago!
apparently 67 degrees is a normal temperature for my house.
Coffee - GOOD! Swim & Run I'm doing in a little bit - GOOD.... Happy Friday my friends :-)
Next time I need to make time for tacos. Sorry to realize I missed meeting you last night at Wits!
On my way to #pasorobles for a day of wine tasting. Any places I have to try?
#sometimesyouhaveto cut off some serious people. Not all that say are "friends" know the real meaning behind that word.
follow back?
#Weather Cleveland, Ohio Weather :: 62F Clear
I'm Tryanna Pull An Allnighter .! Then I'll Sleep In 1st Hour Tomorrow aha (:
> "My Inner Meatball' appearing in Wayne's World 3 opening up for "The Shitty Beatles" and "Crucial
why don't I talk to you?
Tried to do a pull up at the gym today. Didn't! The girl on the treadmill laughed. Starting workouts tomorrow out of shame.
I have #written - often several times - every word I have ever
How can Angie live in NOLA & be so skinny?
The most interesting panda in the world wants to go crazy for the best phone in the solar system!!
#10FactsAboutMe I LOVE GOD AND I WILL ALWAYS WORSHIP YOU MY LORD<3
yea theyre coming in as we speak, but soaken wet!! poor blake looks like a drowned rat..lol
“: Is there anyone more smug than Alex Trebek? I submit that there is not.” Joe Buck pretending he knows shit about football
Haha that is right! Thanks": Happy birthday to my brother from another mother, "
Ahh...The random things they've made on the internet that amuses us.
i have got 32 #homeless people out of 3homelessness. i clothe and feed #homeless weekly also. PTL!
hah ight mayne. But if not enough kids sign up there will not be a team. and my senior year so i might as well do something
“Entrepreneurs shouldn&#39;t pitch their ideas to venture capitalists ...
RT Jealous: and they've been beating us with it ever since.
That's why I usually leave before I'm left.
S/O to the team #FWM and the supporters also big mothafuckin shout out to the haters we love yall ya
Sounds like you are having a typical day for you. Let me guess, you'll finish it with an awesome dinner, beer, maybe scotch.
Epic North Shore weekend continues: found a trove of black morels while hiking! Dining on noodles with browned butter morels and parmesan.
Join the party !! goin bonkers!
Shout out to our friends and fellow fashionista's in LA and the Phil! Happy holidays, we love yall!
You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus. ~Mark Twain <--- ain't that the TRUTH! RT :
Peeling a mango, then will have dinner completed: Brown rice, baked mango/teriyaki chicken, mango-pineapple spinach salad. Yummylicious
I've been absolutely terrified every moment of my life & I've never let it keep me from doing a single thing I wanted to do. ~Georgia...
I just wanna make you dance...its my only goal in life.
Drink more water and your skin and nails will flourish!!
I agree!RT : Is it just me or are the chefs on this season's kind of lame? No real stand out. Sorry
People get the meaning of your words, not on what you say but on how you say it.
Getting Abby's new beta fish settled in its bowl.
#flash mob in Baltimore is coming soon! get ready to ride!
procrastination at its best
we love ya too beybii :)
Hmm. Should I wear green or black & yellow?
4 Sky riders in the chase group
in your article about the womens soccer team its Abby Wambach....
possibly....but that is a little on the older side. I have a class of 5th graders (10-11) who I would love to get in a quad.
I already have myself. Lmao!!
fam my daddy just said "in the projects killin roaches at the same damn time" 😒👎
I think I spoke to your sister? Mondrian is a great deal, other deals including all tax's Hudson $959, Tribeca Grand $1,464
still thinking about my minor. Any suggestion? I need help....
I think you need to offer up your mug for our next round of domu advertisements.
Oh What a Hike! (sing to the tune of Oh What a Night)
I wanna go 2 the parade
IDGAF about you or ya weak ass crew!
that's what I do best ;) lol
For once I can't wait til this weekend is over and Tuesday to get here
At some point,you gotta let go,sit still and allow contentment to come to you.
Mourdock is promoting entrepreneurship and employee-owned businesses.
Dear Seth, Do I still have a job? that is all
Learn the basics of mobile marketing with at the #REConSocial Media & Tech Pavilion on May 20 at
I need to start going to sleep early
have a gobblin' good birthday! ;)
hey could you send me the link to the piece you're going on about? thx! totally behind letter-writing BTW
Bout to get my day started jd gone now it time for makayla to be next
#NYCSportsReport: First satellite tag study for manta rays reveals habits and hidden journeys of ocean
ZBO made the all nba team last yr and was one of the best players in the playoffs last yr. he will be back
That was a great service for Whitney
Goodbye to baggage ha!.
Have't been here in a while...How's everyone in tweet world? douggieb
But he's so cute XD OMG LOL very awkward ... OH WELL
Fatboy® partners with for a football celebration like no other, First Annual Maxim Tailgate: Salute to Heroes on The Big Game Day!
your polka dots are super cute! PS I finally got to Bistrot du Coin the other day (at long last)!!
Just saw an ad for Duck Dynasty on A&E. They're no Billy the Exterminator.
i found myself un happy
Thanks for the follows new friends!
Yikes, I emailed you earlier requiring thoughtful response, ha!
": *Help spread this word. #BrothersFightingCancer. #NonProfitOrganization to take care of Our Health,Heritage
I hate Mondays. HATE THEM.
Thanks, appreciate the kind words!
i love that song! = )
Sometimes you gotta cut off your finger to save your hand!
I'm interested to see how long before a company finds a loop hole or attempts fraudulent activity.
your line for pet smart is so adorable!! I have 4 babies and I can't wait to go shopping
Woohoo!!! Been looking forward to this for weeks!
Im assassinating s serial rapist pyromaniac. hugz!
Rehberger: from Matrix, a digital humanities center at Michigan State U. - sits between history and anthropology.
“ Retweet if you've ever dropped your phone and tried to catch it with your foot and ended up just kicking it across the room.”
Don't forget to support Sheriff Joe. He is under attack by our DOJ, who won't go after the Black Panthers.
Kanye.... I could care less weather or not you get into your zone. God I hate that part of the song.
#FF Here's some great tweeps to follow this week:
#PinkTip Get it in writing. Deals done by handshakes can result in bad situations later.
it is available as e-book for libraries though on e-brary, EBL, and EBSCOhost so your library could order it.
That's your mission, isn't it?
guess wat!!! 4 my 17th birthday in less hen 3 months im getting a half sleeve of the lyrics to savior :) <3 ur amazing andy :) haha
Watching Step Up ( : love this movie!
“: A great OK STATE football season followed by dismal basketball season. What's happened to hoops tradition?” Fire Ford
Can't wait till return.
Terribly sad. Maurice Sendak dies at 83 - wrote "Where the Wild Things Are." via
Hiring a Business Analyst in Downtown MPLS, 10 month contract. The things the hiring manager is looking for is: -Strong BA that can do…
I'm not the type to sit here and just act like an emotional bitch.
can we make I sooner ? ;) lol
I hate doing things for the last time, even if it is moving out of my dorm.
got a way nice note today. filled my bucket!
the post was to see if anyone else got sick or if I'm asking to fly hermetically sealed the next time there's kids on a plane.
Any chance of additional gluten free breakfast options in the fridges in the near future?
Q to the twitterverse...is there a platform like Goodreads, but for movies instead of books?
You're probably following and I'm the invisible one.
I'm bored of all my music... 😔
im so board
Everyone is noting Shep Smith, but Andrew Napolitano went just as far on Fox today, saying SSM must be legal per Loving v. Virginia.
Yup, I'm Kaylin, but I think you would know my name by now lol
Let the torture begin .. #school 😒🔫💣
EVERYONE STOP WHAT YOU'RE DOING AND GO FOLLOW there tweets are AMAZING and I will FOLLOW BACK GO FOLLOW NOW, HURRY UP:)
Overslept again!!!!!!!
When uninspired co's realize they are & seek inspired talent to fill the void & lead change.
I need some Xbox live friends to play #FIFA12 with. Let's go!!!
haha no its cos they film their show there and I think they live there!
That face u make whn u get poked in the eye &look lik a pirate for 30 seconds...
When tryin 2 sleep nothin beats drinking some liq and watching a slow ass movie
Heading home tomorrow after almost a month in France, Ireland. Thanks for holding down the NINES fort.
Tweeting from inside the #WhiteHouse. Waiting for President Obama and the LA Galaxy!
4 Loko's been banned in WA since Wednesday, so I've resorted to filling my bathtub daily with maxwell house coffee and St. Ides
hey hows it going bb on in a lil bit
just damn so sexy
Mess with the best...
doing great getting ready for a wonderful family thanksgiving. Hope you and your family have a great thanksgiving.
Drifting apart.....
big moment for you and your people. Can't wait to see it for myself in a month!
gl with that.
Going to rehearsal!!!
Goodness! How despicable! That professor sounds awfully disreputable taken out of context and devoid of irony.
all right, let's touch base Monday and see what we can do! Cheers
3 more #followers till 1500 help me out #retweet n #follow me
Ballou Marching Band will be waiting on the tarmac“:
happy mothers day TINA!! #POW! LMAO
And no, I don't think Taco Copter is a real thing, but a boy can dream can't he? A boy can dream.
Its real funny how u go outta ur way to help people but let u be the one that needs the help and everyone forgets about u.
same :( sucks
Is anyone watching the Carmello Anthony rape trial?
Obviously this account is my humorous one and shouldn't be taken too seriously. My professional one can be followed
Knicks should just send Melo on an all-expenses paid vacation for the rest of the season.
Thanks for the photo from !
Glad I could provide a tweet-bite worthy quote to use in your article. Cheers!
y didnt u go to Cape Surf?
“: your welcome. Mad Man has your back.”--NOW THAT'S A WONDERFUL THING!! :-)
Crazy girl.
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH?????
hahaha, I love Daisy! She just needed some time to relax and stretch is all. :)
Yep RT : if Chris Brown & Foo Fighters get to go twice, we want back at LEAST 3 more times... RIGHT?
Shop around when looking for bigger ticket items. Let salespeople know what deals you've found so they can match or beat other offers.
You know I did xD
What's more tweetworthy: #swearingday or #fatbetty from last night's #madmen? Hell if I know...
Day Dreamer.
thanks man
Waltisum of the day: make mistakes but make new ones.
If you good take a vacation free of charge to any place in the world where would it be?
That's a wrap. Thank you for tuning in. I am exhausted. Times like these I want a drink. Sorry for clogging your stream.
I yelled out "fuck I need a cig" and some random guy gave me one. Haha
Ward 8 turned out for Gray Town Hall meeting-yes!
As Mr Wayne Gretzky said: "You miss 100% of the shots you don't take."
Whiskey Bar tonight!
final round of atl style wars: "pimp my bride"
Watching 'Lets go to prison' and 'Lockdown' lol
To really anyone who has supported us from the begining, New fans or followers, thank you from the bottom of our hearts
Westfield targets 'middle ground' with launch of 'Hospital Treatment Insurance' HTI could develop 'new market' between cash plans and PMI
Feel like crying but the tears wont fall smh hate dis feeling
Sometimes, when walking my dog, the carrot IS a stick.
I post the Photos !!!!! And Now I'll Follow You !!!!!
We're looking for some help manning our booth at coffeefest - do you know anyone looking for a little work?
No I don't, but TY for the intro! ;D RT : do you know I believe the 2 of you have some common...
4pm, 4 moving trucks and some amazing people later phase 1 complete! Thanks J&J moving, MICA fac man, !
y am i so bored on my spring break
Shop shop audition shop shop
There may be other real mistakes in Redshift, but that one was deliberate.
Sure. Mark
The only thing I miss when I'm away from school is all the girls other than that I am not looking forward to going back Monday...
Buying slushies during lunch
Why is it that people always use the ones who are nice to them but love til death those who can care less?
ard CAPS off
Thanks! :))))) very happy with it, working out the minor kinks at the moment
congrats! Have you found an apartment yet?
:( Awww, you're sweet. I miss everyone in CU every day.
From Florida? Tried finding them in WI. Not distributed here, since dropped by WalMart. Can be ordered online from Tasty Cakes.
So how did an 8 year old end up at my Christmas dinner? On a related note, where's the wine? And the Xanax?
Wow, I am so sad that I have not yet had to deal with that awesome aspect of teaching. My day will come!
yes. I had to switch it though so you'll be seeing me bright and early tomorrow instead
I witnessed a verbal smack down in front of Planned Parenthood on my way in this morning. Amazing.
listening to old cds is so weird..
Dear Austin, i love you. K bye
I'm suddenly feeling a little anachronistic commuting with my bag full of print newspapers, magazines, and a paperback book.
Keep it moving!
I'm sure EVERYONE ELSE IN THIS PUBLIC CAFE appreciated the eyeful I was just treated to when I looked up "tribadism" on Wikipedia. NSFW.
So excited for the news:))))))
& .... Together?! Ha hello haters
Yo chooches, are we going to Chima out or what?
I commented on the post. I was critical, but you bring up some good points. I certainly wasn't expecting your take, tho! :)
Did everyone catch that Washington Generals burn against the Yotes? Wow. Red Wings = Harlem Globetrotters?
“: #vsa2011 Picturing Success: Nice to start a session with an audience involvement activity!” I second that!
I wanna go to north carolina and visit
what's wrong with ya phone heaux!
Playing with Aaron Carter and Ryan Cabrera May 31st at the CrockRock In Allentown Pennsylvania! Stoked ha
Mexican bakery is replete. It's Mexican mother's day and I'd forgotten. Oops.
Question of day? NBA champ will be __________!
Confession: The hope of leaving this place and starting new are the only things keeping me alive.
I miss my wife.
Omg impossible to sleep
RT : Don't be mad because I don't care anymore. Be mad because I once did, and you were too blind to see..."
yay! Do you want to try and add those to the docs? No pressure of course :)
hey peeps in Green Bay & surrounding areas: DRIVE SLOW! Roads are slick!
I would sooner fail than not be among the greatest.
#YouGettinPunchedIf you disrespect my momma.
watching the boy put new breaks and rotors on an explorer
Where are you off to?
Oregon football will play 2012 opener as scheduled
pac man would have an overdose with all those dots
should be great RT : Only a few more days until conf in SD! who will be there? Let's tweet up!
No one xo
We make you the "Buzz" of people's "Daily Ritual..."
This is my perfect: reading a book with my kitty and a glass of wine while I listen to the rain outside.
Just a head's up: for now, we will only be accepting cash and checks. So come prepared Friday night!
Enjoying a bottle of EFFEN Vodka @ Spy Bar... Got to love those Latin Beats Spy Bar Sunday Nights...
This is NOT Castle. =(
Thanks guys! Heard good things about ProductCamp the weekend before. is hosting some killer events, eh?
I just reached 666 people I'm following. Will Twitter finally let me follow Satan? I hear he posts phenomenal recipes.
talking about Salsa/Drupal integrations as well as a lunch BoF on Code-a-thons, Bounties and Contests for code
"God must love the common man, He made so many of them." Happy Birthday Honest Abe
Tomorrow we'll be on the southwest side at Fedex Trade Networks International Transport & Brokerage 2349 Aviation Drive Indianapolis.11-1:30
Oh shit, it's Friday.
Thank you!!
It's sad that the #stopkony problem has been going on for years and people are just now finding out about it
thankyaaa :* lol I have to touch his muscles..
played the song 'Untouched' by TheVeronicas on #
At #DUXcamp in the #mobilefirst session. Already making me think in new ways about how content is delivered to users.
Feels weird not having a show this weekend... Oh well, guess it'll be a Sundy's night! 🍻
You've lost all your weight…now what? Girl, keep at it every single day from now on…or you'll go back to the way you were. You can do it!
IKR! Just a tad FLAWLESS
Been wrapped up in gigs, schools, & recording. Music is a grand life!
I think our whole bus is singing boyfriend...
I wouldn't leave home without a! Try describing the inside of a parking garage though: "I'm in the slopey part"
STOP jinxing us please!!!!
RETWEET if u followed so I can follow u:)
Give em a follow
Never ending bullshit
You rule.
Go #UConnBasketball! #BeatCuse! And join us in Boston tonight at 8pm to watch (9pm game).
denny's for the win!
Oh forgodness sake, fix the pix thing...grrr
RT : Just a reminder the Performing Arts Festival is this Saturday from 1-5! Don't forget to come out and support you COF...
I prayed :)
Oh my gosh I just finished watching it and the chills won't stop!! lol!!
-Thanks Mike-- and some of your favorite authors there also!
The vision that you glorify in your mind, the ideal that you enthrone in your heart-this you will build your life by & this you will become.
LOL! RT Mark Zuckerberg is 28 today & worth $100B. Reminds me of when I was 28 & able to purchase groceries without selling plasma.
Arguements are learning experiences, nothing is learned if your not together after.
Just tapped Great Divide's Espresso Yeti.
Don't let these fancy clothes fool yah , cause I shine like jacob the jeweler ..
I just brushed my dog's teeth and filed his nails. Obviously, shit is getting crazy over here.
Wow, Shawna, that's awesome. Way to go, Ms. Celebrity! :)
Glad we're back in good graces :-)
Hey do you know where LAWREN is....
We will see you soon :)
Hey Nick, I am writer for ESPN Boston. Wondering if you'd be available for a Boston Marathon Q&A in next couple days.
everybody's all of a sudden tweeting ? i guess he must be online then.
Everyone mad about Michael Bay's TMNT reboot: It's a franchise centered around mutant ninja turtles. How much dumber could he make it?
It's my boyfriend you should feel sorry for. He's dating a black girl, who sounds white, trying to sound black. :(
Good question! #Tattoos are viewed differently by employers depending on the country. Can you cover them?
"I'm the reason why you're always getting faded...take a shot for me..."
The American ideal is to be able to find a job you love.. but with so much people in the job pool.
Why do I have Paul Simon's "Call Me Al" stuck in my head?
Go to the new OccupyWashingtonDC page to learn about the teach-n this week with a delegation of occupiers from Okinawa, Japan.
ctfu ugh its ya boy rick ross ugh and my boy wise marciana ugh and my nigga jaysmooth ugh lol
oh my! GOOD LUCK!
including the ankle monitor you'll wear after you're indicted for phone hacking!
Ouu I'm so mad! Today sucks major monkey ball so far...
Ikr guys never win in relationships
500 days of summer was a sweet, wonderful, emotionally honest film. recommend it.
Happy Thanksgiving from your Church Brothers family!
Less than a month until my return to with and
Buffet rule would only bring in peanuts. Debt reduction requires more painful tax hikes and cuts.
aww thanks it all my team I just get to be the finished product
Man... Come to think about it, maybe you DO look like Carly Simon! Then again, maybe not. {hehe}
Check out my blog at www.michellebradsher.com
Yep! I figured out the issue, Cole will take care of it. Did you post that by using the twitter button on the app?
New york in the morning
Of course "Undefeated" wins an
Sweet: RT Enjoy veteran TV actor/Founder of The Actors' Network, Kevin E. West, with comic host... fb.me/1eXqbf9dd
Just finished the Steve Jobs biography...a natural segue way to "The Shallows- What the Internet is Doing to our Brains"
Yes. Seamless and awesome!
Had amazing time at breakfast with at #DBC2012. Wonderful to be with and around great designers!
Wine and convo with
When you're lost and you're tired, when you're broken in two, let my love take you higher,'cause I still turn to you.
Only ONE spot remains for the Spring 2012 season of Don't miss this chance to have the time of your life.
Welcome new followers glad to see you
I think some people may be cheating on #B! The Wanted deserves to win!!
At least now we aren't holding our breath every time he makes a hit RT : I was at that game, scary stuff
Knicks are holding off the Heat with Chandler on the bench, that is key.
hey whats up!
Supporting my brotha at Automatic Slims
where were you when I was playing MW3 an hour or so ago :)
My Aunt"But I don't wanna wear sandals!" Me"JESUS WORE SANDALS!"
It's a pirates life for me
RT : we might as well start playing two hand tag cause this is madness!! Lmao even flag football get physical
Worrying does not empty tomorrow of it's troubles ... it empties today of it's strength. - M. Engelbreit #findthepositive thx
what kind of stuff do you play? where should I send it?
I hate boston.
you are beautiful just the way you are :)
Thx for following! Looking forward to connecting & reading your tweets! We help finance co's that are premature for banks.
Newt Gingrich has suspended his campaign-aka pulled out of the Presidential Race. Now, there's Ron Paul and Mitt Romney left. Oh, joy!
Perfect planning! RT : Spending the day relaxing at Tudor Place in georgetown and at the monuments
Pedestrian vigilantism is so much better in New York. ;)
Visited friends' new home in beautiful Woodacre, Marin (nr Fairfax), hiked massive protected open space across road: hills-sky-birds-breath.
i could go for some sushi right now
yup, your right but understand.
Good morning fellow tweeters
Still have to get mine. Did they email you? RT : PhilipRVA Picked up my tux today. Ready for #philaura next weekend!
Why do people make things so complicated? If you listen first and pay attention to event being collaborative come easily.
Jimmy Clausen has several fake IDs so he can get numerous free birthday meals at Denny's throughout the year
Vegas lights
I'm already FOLLOWING them! And I STILL couldn't find them.
#Watching Steve Wilkos and these sick ass people molesting kids and shit they should die.
trying to figure this out
MT : Dong & Davis have been digitizing the [VA] Central State [Mental] Hospital records since 2010. Amazing project.
is it bad to make pancakes at 2 in the am? um with nutella on top?
True true
Hey, daya! Hoping you see this tweet... retweet/reply plz.
ur nazi ab workout was intense lol made me look like a fat kid haha
of course i know!! Been waiting for it. I'm surprised it's not being made a big deal. I may move to Canada just for tomorrow
ha! Correction: ...so we could get #FirstKick underway! ;)
Historic #flooding in North East. And, one more flood around my apartment in two weeks.
My favorite dresses: #TinaFey and #EmmaStone Absolutely stunning!
OK. The guy might be shaking his legs because the young man he's talking to may be having a nervous breakdown.
Jinsu's mixtape and music video drops today! who's excited!
Going to be a great day for 's Happy Hour at Pints Party Pub & Patio in downtown DSM. Going to be a blast! Hope to see you there.
Get after it boys. Wish I could be there to cheer my bros on.
Leaving for Cali tomorrow night for a bjj/Kenpo tourny wish me luck!
haaha I thought you fell for it ! 😔
They're absolutely beautiful - I'll see if I can get some pictures to post.
i'm massaging it :3
Does anyone know anyone ? We are looking to buy a new Tacoma.
I don't think there's an emoticon for that.
#np if i were a boy
There comes a time in your life, when you must walk away from all the drama and people who thrive on it
"Fiats, psh. Those cars are stupid." "Why Doug?" "They're so small. Like they're for Danish people."
Hey everyone, The Trims will be playing San Jose's "Left Coast Live" music festival Saturday October 8th!!!
anything at all? Sometimes it's good to change your mind on what you want. :-)
Time for a new mattress? 34 convenient locations for you to check out our new line of #Simmons mattresses!
I only trust 3 people in my life right now
Oh please just pick Karen!
Hopefully the Groundhog is right. BTW Encore running Groundhog Day marathon. LOL!
Lol. I'll put one up soon. That's good to hear. I never was into Twitter, but it seems cool.
Finally had the guts to do it..(:
Only 5 words to say I have your opinion does not care;)
days delight in the fixed schedule. I agree.
ah! no! this is awesome! will have to dig in tonight. thanks!
Gradventure tomorrow ! Ah
I love the people I work with, that's all there is to it.
we use a cloud platform to address this problem; our approach preserves the original app format on mobile devices
Thanks Bec! Glad my character was hungover and slept in his car last night. I was so method...
I hate Man U. I hate seeing Man u fans at American Soccer Games
Who wants to go get a burrito?!
taiwan news
But for some reason I don't want this year to end...
Just ordered myself an Alligator Po Boy - got scolded by the chef for ordered a turkey sam...
what time of yoga r u doing?
All I know is y'all bitches better do a #FF for me!
Feed, litter box, snuggles (LOL). I'd say 30 minutes a day?
Happy to hear it--thanks! Come see us again soon.
we gotcho back!!
I didn't say you were right, I only said I might be wrong...
"Moonpie Muhammad"....classic.
Responded to FIRE @ 773 Maple St, Brooklyn, NY 11203 and helped 1 Resident. Red Cross auto update.
That's not really my area of expertise. I can tell you how I treat my college students.
#fuckyouwashington for thinking we do see what you are really up to! You are so fired!
Did Twitter disable the ability to copy/paste links from tweets from their site?
Had a great time volunteering with :)
Learned from my kids today that the Easter Bunny poops jelly beans. Who knew?
New York
Issue #5 starts Wednesday! Keeps your ears perked for more - like what we're calling this one - and our first ever #anniversary party.
RnBThrowBacks R-kelly bump & grind
Thanks Rick. Love it! Wish I had bought a house there 20 years ago!
listening to one direction for like 10 hours straight
Easter egg hunt with the little monsters from the church next door. The adorable meter is off the charts.
Watching Resident Evil 4 After life movie :)
work them long nights
Hell yeah its cool! haha RT : has a cool ass wallpaper
LOVE IT :)
My day has been all bad... I didn't wanna go into work feeling like this.
morning babe hope u feel better
Absolutely no taxis when you need one.
#gymflow got me tired
"I just met a girl named Maria"....
DJ on the radio saying that he knew Call Me Maybe would be a hit after being at IU and hearing every girl scream it
agreed, but it's so much neater than the traditional forum layout.
he's faker then a 3 dollar bill ..
Saw this last night and meant to write - well done! I've seen that book - it's a real puzzler! I'm glad they're digging in!
Happy I was able to take to Eric Church last night so she could hear her fav song
Ha! Thanks, man! I'm definitely a fan random/lame jokes. Glad you're one of the few that appreciate them. Lol.
Proud and envious, in a culinary sense!
I miss that too :( lol where are you
haha I know, I've been working nonstop so I basically have no time to write, but I'm in the hospital today so yeah
What am I doing? Come on, stop dealing with Twitter. You don't have much time left!
young matthew I would love to!!
On our way to the new haven lawn club!
Talking shit, you just digging your grave.
hello my tweets. no i haven't forgotten...just crazy several months.. hope all well.. look forward to chatting with you soon HAPPY HOLIDAYS!
Now playing "best thing"
no seriously the app turned in and he talked to DA manager!m so proud of my baby :-) !!! Mama gone trip, we waiting on them
I love vampire stuff, can't wait to check it out. One of the books I am thinking of #writing next is #vampire related
I can't wait!
Let me know if you have any questions, perhaps I can help?
lol! My son thinks we can rewind everything AND fast forward through all the commercials!
Barely anyone is in my first period.
Happy 53rd Birthday.... "Michael J. Jackson"
Good luck at your last club tournament tomorrow ! Love you guys :)
smells like grill for as far as the nose can sniff.
thanks for the shout out! We're having a lot of fun working with the team.
thanks for the link to the nasal strips. I use those to help me sleep.
good appointment. Only failures in an England shirt. Can relate. And will motivate. But feel free to hate him. Free country!
is killing on the drums and my brother romel on bass:-)
I will not be silenced by by Will Wheaton!
if it is I will be SO happy. omg
agreed but ive got a good feeling about the next three years
awesome reach out to he has taken over year of the tshirt for the first 120 days. We would love to feature yoy
big girls don't cryy ♥ ahh I love you ☺
I'm with you 100%!
Correction: We're
My Birthday on the 25th!... What Am I gone Shake? Decisions.. Descisions lmao
I don't care how comfortable your crocs are. You look like a dumbass.
Thoughts of subscription based gaming?! Man monthly fee's are the worst!
right? It would've been an easy basket with the possibility of an and-one to win the game. Very selfish play
USB. No serial hookups. Our computer doesn't eat breakfast.
Humor helps. Parents don't need to go this far! SNL Chris Farley Livin' In A Van Down By The River - Matt Foley Motivational Speaker
Resisting reading Fish on MLA titles. Been there. Done that.
Man does not live by coffee alone. Have a danish. ~Author Unknown
omg its sunny for once 😲☀
I might be over reacting but I don't care!
As long as the movie avoids the book's lagging portions, I'm in! Kostova has a book (The Swan Thieves) coming out in Jan., too.
Officially going up to west point with my brother March 30th for a huhe paintball game.
Facebook friends interested in higher education topics: follow me
do you think u can take Me to the train on Friday
Great time at Alex Pizza today! Thanks to everyone who side stepped the rain for some free lunch!
Nuggets of joy. (cc )
Hey man, your contribution to the Rock n' Roll HOF induction for the Beasties was awesome and touching. Well done my friend.
HAHAHAHA I am just tweeting funny things people say around me...so it's not actually me saying them!
teehee I have such a crush on him :3
Fired up for birthday dinner tonight at Hungry Mother!
Wow t.co/O55y0YGj
I was wondering if that was still going on. Time to vote!
is Thankful for our awesome GOD, my wonderfully FAMILY, loving and amazing FRIENDS.
Took me a few hours and a few wasted dollars to figure out, but I am finally watching #marchmadness from my iPad in India.
Greek inspired dinner & dessert from
America's greatest state trooper.
Happiest of Hours! $1 PBR - $2 Miller Bottles - $3 Tall Rails! Gorgeous Sunset on the Patio. C'mon in!
“Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter.” ― Francis Chan
Muscular guy like you, going deep into my ass, me on my back you facing me, with my hands on ur pecs.
Teen wolf was awsome we talked about it in a tw group btw the next teen wolf looks interesting ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
Shout out too the president!
“: just curious what in the world is a cocunut bath?” coconut oil in your bath
Still cleaning decomposed granite out of my clothes, thanks to
Who's coming to see Seladore on the 15th at the Hard Rock #orlando?
yay for wedding festivities kick off shower! BFORP tonight!
Did You Know? - As per World Bank estimates, an income of less than $1.25 per day per head of purchasing power parity is defined as extrem…
Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep
And ready for our group numbers!!! Let's go get them dancers!
#Fairuse cases often defer to the well articulated norms of the community. Which is why we need best practices for fair use.
rocking the reef rocks in La Jolla, ah!!
EMAIL ME AT FOR A FREE PROMO CODE FOR OUR APP.
It's going to be a start of a new year this week, I better make it count.
Green Tip: No Streak Window Cleaner; 1 cup white vinegar 2 tablespoons isopropyl alcohol. Pour into spray bottle. Shake well before using.
Heeyyy twitter!!(: Tweet me?(:
#StonerChicks are the dopest. I love y'all. 😘
Paul MIllsap got SNUBBED.
“: Be in prayer for & family. Praising God for progress and asking for a foretaste of glorification.”
I trust not to let those makers bother us as learning takes is back seat, I am seeking a new goal almost every 2 or 3 months now
hey how are you?
That sounds good! Where share we direct further chat to plan and confirm a date?
Gosh its so hot .... I can't stand it
Move should be named the Big Air Fakie to Frontside Face-grinder... And it's worth more points the farther you slide.
OMG AW is right!! <3
party gone b weak
Who doesn't!!!!
Hey and YOU! Please help tweet about
Just got spoke with a superintendent who doesn't believe his district should have a policy against bullying, "It's not definable"! Thoughts?
“ $50 for a 3 minute jack off or $10 for a lap dance. Bitch u better pull yo hand out” its 40 on bourbon St
Veterans Day follow
there's a big cardinal hunt in Louisville this weekend.
“: "Hi, Welcome to Hollister. Here's your gas mask and your flashlight."”
Stay tuned followers: our latest teen and #parent video competition will launch online tomorrow!
Hey there. But I prefer mine: If you want to make God laugh, tell him a fart joke about your plans. And then do jazz hands.
just don't want that lost, saying something didn't matter is a strong statement ;-)
Thanks for the RT! We are moving to To continue getting updates from us please follow our new account
Excited abt it too,
Just one of those days.</3
My bus driver knows I get bullied on the bus but he does nothing!
2k12 best sports gm hands down
So, truly turned me into a serious #couch potato tonight!#GreysAnatomy,
Dr. Phil was legit today  I can think of at least 10 right now that I want to make sit down and watch it..
Lets do this shit son!
thank's for the recommendation. We'll check it out.
Get up Creg
we did it at OC, very successful and amazing to see how the relationships blossomed between many of the students.
I love you baby. I'm holding on. I won't ever let go.
Look forward to welcoming you to Stay. Contact us @ , if you would like help with plning visit.
If you love someone more then anything, then distance only matters to the mind, not to the heart.
Yay! They're here!
Celts showing they have one more championship run in 'em.
taking your ball and going home is the childish way, not the Penn State way.
"I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody." [Bill Cosby]
Weed may lead to nowhere, but at least it’s the scenic route
Hoes thirst for attention. Women demand respect.....
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME [: I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!! & MY FRIEND :] THANKS AUSTIN! XOXO !!!!!!!!
Christopher Plummer is a lock for Best Supporting Actor #Oscars... Wish "Beginners" was more about Hal's character!
Guess I'll roll up
looking forward to the instrumental national anthem of spain
RT : Good start fellas! Keep it up!
more Nuggets slander!? Funny no mention about win over Boston on Sat.. This team will make a run come playoffs
RT : No plan is good unless you have some KPIs to measure results
where to??
Thanks so much for the tweet about Scrubly Diego! Would love any additional feedback you have.
Joe and victor
There comes a time where you have to let go
My poor Rondo couldn't hit a wide open jumper. It's okay tho.
Thanks for the support. Hope you enjoyed Ben's talk.
shift your culture.
will check on that - thanks
Hopfully i get my laptop back today!
- let me get on that list.
what's up?x
Too early to drink? lol
It's awesome that Cooper is sniper-riflin badass on Justified now.
Thank you for the follow, looking forward to tweeting with you. have a great week
that awkward moment when you're reading a blog post and this happens: "It was then, in the darkness of the African continent, that I.."
EVERYONE IS MY REAL BROTHER IRL
Central Florida rap artist looking for video airtime send a mp4 of you edited music video to
Believe in your flyness...conquer your shyness.
is it cuz u got a job, congrats on that btw :)
know this is tough, but are you up for a quick sound bite? Are you willing to talk to us for a sec before the game?
Rory on both counts. His game is too good to stop right now.
Kicking off RUI at Sheffields in just a couple of minutes - get on down here if you aren't already!
Don't tell me about ur accomplishments, tell me ur vices raahaahaa (serpent laugh)...
follow back.!!
ohai. My Name is Angela and im the only ugly Mahomie.
Survived attack of the coffee straw, makes it a great
Dancing to pitbull with nick and his mom <3
The Broncos are insane! Who wins like that! Fox, Tebow and the new Orange Crush! Thank you Matt Prater!
fuck you guys!
So. Much. Planning. #firstworldprobz Sensation, Spring Break, Birthday wknd, visit in Apr & in May!
An ex is an ex-ample of what you shouldn't do again!!!!
If your a good Trumpet player holler at me!!!
#TTOT That's a good one too.
Going to go see my brother tomorrow
|#quotes A successful life is one that is lived through understanding and pursuing one's own path, not chasing after the dreams of others.
spaghetti and cinnamon rolls hit the spot Chica
GIVE THE GIFT OF HEALTH! Stop by our studio today to pick up a gift card for the holidays!
Finished re-watching Season 4 of , ready for Season 5 premiere tonight!
xoxo It's good to be back.
Clifton Paul Fadiman~ I think we must quote whenever we feel that the allusion is interesting or helpful or amusing.
congrats ! You've won the $100 J Crew Gift Certificate!!!
I like!
Tomorrow will be good <3
thanks airtalk and and how cool to meet Larry Mantle (and all the composers, too)! Was a great show.
The Walking Dead just crushed me... Can't believe Dale died!!!
Great show man you killed it!! Thanks again for the hookup!
People are going crazy with instagram pic of the sky.
in the closet nascar fan?
You're welcome!
And why did Wade look like he really was about to fight??
Thanks for the follow<<33
RT Can you please please send my friend the Patriots Superfan to the big game??
Preparing for a very big day!
Why does everyone assumes that if I get hit by a bus I'll die? Poor bus, I say.
How is Direct Matches progressing along? You mentioned the group to us last year.
you're in politics aren't you? Make it happen.
Is it legal for to spam text you? Cause I just had it happen.
i thought jon was exaggerating about it blocking people as an excuse to block people. it really does.
RT : Save $2 each by getting Open House tickets in advance at Old National Bank. See you Fri or Sat
Your wish is Nat Geo's command...they ARE bringing jousting back! It's called Knights of Mayhem!
u can go to barnes and noble and purchase it there
HAPPY HOLIDAYS. Gift of Health. FREE Medsonix Treatment. Until Jan 1, 2010. Friends join FaceBook or Twitter. Treats PAIN, MS, RA Migraines.
Just wanted to check in with you and make sure your was working ok. Let us know if we can help!
That's a bitch haha , she hella cussed you out &&' flicked you off lmao .
Neiman Marcus is testing a new iPhone app that lets customers interact directly with sales associates. Loving this idea!
yupp, i'm forsure bi-polar
Hi! I hope ur having a fun nite :-)
Yes, you will, girl. Time heals all pain! :-) RT : never gonna get over it
chris Brown> mike brown
MY Diamond Studded Tweeps~
Ha! Always lies! RT : IT:"Your call is important to us." Me:"LIES"
Filmed Yogurt Shop recently and think they will soon increase prices for #drivingawaycustomers HA!
#UseTwitterNameInSentence: "And now people don't like me because "
pdxMindShare was great tonight. Thanks!
ugh -- helicopters to the north. for #occupythefarm?
I just finished a 0.20 mi run with a pace of 27'12"/mi and a time of 05:42 with Nike+ GPS.
IF YOU GETTING HIGH!!! SAY HIGH
Absolutely. After all, we both want vodka. Clearly it was meant to be. So...do you have more than one couch?
Today is the last home game for Be sure to stop by the Aztec Lacrosse Field at 1 pm today to support the team!
you probably wouldn't make much money :s #justsaying lol
I should really do my work
Really looking forward to this flight. Small cramped regional jet and 7 screaming kids (current count- but I think they are reproducing)
the Photo Safari is a balloon photography rally at the musuem, with food, music and fun!
In the event it was red herrings. Seriously.
Sup Porcupine Tree, it's been a while. Wish we had some time in the to play them this week!
“It takes courage to grow up and turn out to be who you really are
I need to go to bed.
working on tomorrows nerdy bits and am staggering through it. my ADD is so... oh look I got a fresh scab to pick
On the hunt for artistic cutout leather leggings!
not me, i love sleeping way too much
Where is the present in the way that you present yourself?
please don't remind me how much I wish I had my camera lag night
he could let up 12 runs tonight, and still would be worth more than what u offered....
When was the last time someone did something nice for you? What was it?
Hi Bella. Have an absolutely fantastic day .. and night.
I should open my own bakery. making white chocolate covered strawberries with drizzled caramel sauce. smh at myself
Where have u been?
okay...I'll make one ASAP...haha
Our publication dedicated to simple know-how marketing principles will be available as an e-book on July 19th.
Please #Indiana win one for the Gipper!!!!
This is comedy central...
your welcome #TVD your the best show ever i wish TVD never ends i hope it lasts foreva!;)
From here on out, everyday of my life will be a work of art. No more wasting time with things that don't matter to me.
dang! Just picked one up!
Voting for the Naismith Award :) and you should too. Txt 4 to 347-63 ;)
LOVE IS GOLDEN....
wants to go a day without hearing anything about Sarah Palin!
Hey mama, I wanna scream so loud for you, cause I'm so proud of you! #NP Kanye West - Hey Mama on . Love you mom!
How else would they command fear at their night jobs…running s&m clubs?
That's right $69/month with a free week thrown in there to get you started. That's beats almost all of these other cats who charge $25/day
Tickets to DC Environmental Film Festival are on sale now
Nothing like being locked out of your house when you come back from a run. Face. Palm.
girl byee. If you want a ass eater and somebody to finger your booty hole you can holla at your boo
Wow, my mom's reaction was way more chill. She will come around.
Oh snap. Raw is starting off bananas tonight! Lesnar/Cena!
Niggalettee_32 peed herself
you gotta tag me for it sho! sho nuff. I'm about to get my hair cut in my crib. what's happening in your area?
Attention performance improvement community of Denver, CO. Make Work Great! www.ispi-frc.org
when discussing offline with non-parents, it was...
#warmupsong mrs right and girls talkin about by mindless behavior
normalcy is overrated.
Seems really obvious that it'll be Quinn. I don't know if I want it to be Robin.
I'm going to answer, too- Been on TW since 09. Gained TONS of industry contacts and even better... signed contracts
Having a great time with all my educational pals a #ytechday !!! Go Google or Go Home!
just THIS year?? Psh... #BillsMafia for LIFE
try texting me when u get the chance
Thoughts on returning to Colts complex
OH! Lol! ;) Yes, definitely! That would be so awesome if you could meet him & write a piece on it! Keep us posted.
Beauty Tip: For attractive lips, speak words of kindness.
It will be a great day! RT : I can't watch the 9/11 stuff on TV. Today needs to be fun as he turns 10 today!
Whoa. is going downhill. My bill is wrong (again) second month in a row. I can't see any itemized billing online.
I know the feeling!
Happy Mother's Day to two of the most bad-ass mommas out there! :-)
does a cult without a gift shop just show lack of foresight?
Lil Bitch called me on the bullshit, if you didn't want it to be screenshot, then DON'T PUT IT ON TWITTER!
And don't forget to "Like" us
If you don't have pizza and beer, why bother?
Going to the doctor
Amazing how one person can ruin my whole day.
Who am I kidding to expect a late night shift without the occasional distraction?
The bbc's pride and prejudice is by far the best...
Courtside Shots: Lil Wayne, Drake, Nicki Minaj, Chris Brown and More at the 2012 NBA All-Star Game [PHOTOS]
Black Arrogance at its finest
GIVEAWAY: Like both and Viral Ink's FB pages for a chance to win a free t-shirt of your choice! Giveaway ends tomorrow!!
two days left..then a week of relaxation
Hope you have a wonderful weekend also!
IT SHOULD BE ILLEGAL FOR UNMARRIED WOMEN NOT TO BE ON BIRTH CONTROL...
finished class and about to make my way over! Will be in touch!
#uiccomm our backstage tour will be on local chicago CBS news tonight at 10!
ok cool thanks
Melibee Global's website is experiencing some down time - hang tight - we'll be up and running again soon (ETA - later today!) Thanks!
Thank god I went to Tufts and not NYU. I love this place.
Hard to believe these awesome shots coming out of a 2 megapixel camera! First site is [
Don't think about 17 yet!!
anyone else notice the BU hockey jacket in Eastbound and Down tonight?
I love
World peace LOL ron artest should have popped out right then LOL
yess this is my first account i made :)
haha thanks sweetie :D Whats news?
great post about Finley.
RT if you believe that Justin Bieber is Beautiful ♥ ♥ ♥
Hey how about the photos? Did you get my FB email reminder you asked for? :)
isn't who married?
What happened to people following back?!? Haha
Thanks Santana! So great to talk with you.
Rented The Vow. Clicking play now!
doesn't even see me. Travis, "it is nice to see you," my first day back after being released from the hospital.
hey berner! did your piece air on mtv yet??
Great idea! RT : Revisiting the idea of 3 pts for 60-min win, an idea espoused by Steve Yzerman
Merry Christmas I hope it's Legit!(:
what's good stranger!
since you don't fuck wit your Boi no more I might come fuck with you tonight how bout that???lol
Banners 2.50 a sq ft if you call today and mention this status! 615-255-3825!
On tap for today: #Schubert & #Corigliano. Oh, and finding tix to 's "Pearl Fishers," which opens this weekend!
: Thanks for sharing our #socialmedia news!
Chuckie Cheese.. Shift Coordinator
I'm sorry to hear that. Very sorry. Usually it's fear of the social order that put them on top being upset.
I know, I can't believe it either. I didn't watch the special on CNN, but I might have to try and catch it later.
Goodnight twitter💙💤
So. how have things been around her lately.
RT : Just wrote a few lines on the typewriter that's in my office chik-Ding-zip-Chik-chik-chik... Love it -We still have one!
Heading back to Ch'ville in a while.
:) Gotta love derby names.
I don't understand how I have followers when I'm never on. Legit \m/
Well you better start praying! LOL!
our record is a 46" northern on fly at Pym Island camp in north Ontario. Yeeha!
What would you do with $2,000 if you win the Hot & Haunted Costume contest tomorrow?
RT #Aquarius Secret Desire: To Be Unique
LOL! Thanks the gods my sense of smell is shot.
Black people can't dance.
Man, I'd kill for some Chipotle right now ...
Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life. ~ Wayne Dyer
#Head like a hole just played on the radio. Made my drive so much more fun :-)
When do you think there will be a screening in San Francisco? I've heard great things.
talks about Rabbi Abraham Joshua Heschel. Is anyone taking him to #JTS for ziyarah?
We're in the same city! I'm sorry I missed you! I hope Mommy will rub her belly for me!
Puzzles, games and reading all increase cognition. So grab that crossword puzzle or a book and start exercising your brain.
On Friday we take the stage with and N'Stank must've cancelled... those Primadonnas.
i've alway wanted a house that has secret tunnels to get to 's house...
HAPPY TOMLINSON TUESDAY EVERYONE!!!!!!!! I love the #1Dfamily :) <3
Yes it is. RT : The greatest logo ever, of any team, of all time!
Technically, yeah.
Do you know about the Cherokee Challenge? $20k in seed funding + office space + back office + mentoring: www.cherokeechallenge.clm
we #love #bread! and you should too!
A simple but sincere 'thank you" can have such an amazing effect. A polite client just made my day. Makes me work so much harder & happier.
Good list. But don't forget Leon Searcy!
On the way to get
J timberlake in alpha dog telling the kid to go get em smokes or go for a ride ... Stupid. How bout telling the kid what's really going on ?
ya i dont remember either.. hahaha
You ripped it the other night. Set off what turned out to be an exceptional 24 hours. So yeah, keep up the strong work.
Chris Paul is always ready to fight.
I recommend Guy Delisle's "Jerusalem".
I love thunderstorms! ☁☔⚡
i want details.
1st of all you're a bitch, and 2nd of all you're a bitch.
Made it through a good 15minutes of school.
Mike Posner's advice on & hosting the YDS..."Be persistent" ;)
the great jambino
RT : We'll have servers on hand at #startupweekend, & prizes from & Springboard. Use STARTUPTECH
Thanks for retweeting! Have a great day :)
You can't stop the waves, but you can learn how to surf. ~Jon Kabat-Zinn (Surf's up and I am ready to ride!)
Yeah, they have started doing it too
awesome story, society really need these good souls to take on the modern day corporate vampire behemoths. Yea Jeff M!
It's refreshing to actually see a kid shy away from all the ESPN/press conference announcing hoopla.
Sounds like the brunch for me!
Would you sell your used underwear if it meant big bucks?! We know someone who has
thank you Philadelphia! had a great time at the craft bazaar. thanks to everyone who stopped by the booth and bought shirts!
Nicki Minaj joins Elvis Duran in minutes. Her new album comes out today!
lol @ moody when hungry
#ntlforumonyouthviolenceprevention asks what works in the realm of convening community?
Not even just NYR fans. Even Washington fans. Embarrassing that you wouldn't even back your own team.
Cookie was probably one of them
#oomf is such a beautiful individual ..
catch it in your mouth like your last name moss
There's start the day off good fam
Claire Redfield and Curtis Miller are both members of Terra Save, a non-governmental human rights organization (RE: Degeneration).
SP were awful that year. Do remember falling in love with Gabbi #LusciousJackson that year. Hubba
Insane leglise blubber talk=Obama
#NihonWhiskeyLounge in #SF takes great care of my #foodallergies everytime, so I can enjoy yummy sushi! Thank you!
Oh, thats cool...
Thanks so much my peeps!!! What a bomb opportunity!
You more a fan of: 1) 'White Stripes', 2) Charlie Rose / Art of the Interview, 3) Analysis of Myriad Creative Inspirations? :)
I can't stand it when fast food restaurants don't give you a tray!
Juice tryna tell me iont make alotta money , his bitch ass .
told by are leader we are going to do the same song that I aM Me & ICONic Boyz dance to! Cant wait:) "dance but i can dance on yay!" lol!
Take A Picture Or Something .
RT Everyone please follow and help #FindLauren. Get it trending. Get the word out...
What is it going to be -- reasons or results?
it's a sad day R.I.P. "MCA" The Beastie Boys were the soundtrack to my high school years.Spring Break memories w/the Beastie Boys forever!
writers are still there, but the fight to bring great stories to life requires allies.
Dear sweet boy, please dont break my heart. Its been through enough. Sincerely just a normal girl
It's back up now!
Ready for the all-stars vs Manchester United!! Too bad Jewsbury is not in the starting XI, but hopefully gets good amount of PT!!
can you plz mention to ppl to follow me, plz n thx!
else but it would sound reaaallllyyyy bad, and there's no better way to put it, so I'm gonna DM you now hahahhaa xD
There's always that one person, no matter how long it's been or how things ended, they will always have your 💚.
lol, creating memories :)
can me you Kate and Melissa hang sometime soon?
just when we think we're going to have a break...we get busier than ever.
Ha Ha...that's fine, Kristi! We're cool. I was only teasing you. ;-)
Im sleepy now from this weather :/ 💤💤
": About to get stitches..." i hope it wasnt too bad, good job today bro
Hanging at house...took a nice nap. :)
okay so I meant trashy lol stupid auto
Happy Earth Day. Turn it Green. Beautiful sunny AM in Chicago.
Pete Haggland of Pioneer Air Museum speaking tonight @ Pioneer Hall, Pioneer Park, 6:30pm on their impressive collection, plus museum tour!
#hustlin. my money is always on you.
Yikes. Stopped by the grocery for quick grab. Laughing at this madness now.
Why this 30+ yr old lady in the restaurant acting like she 16...
The problem with Poser models is that they are perfectly proportioned, physically fit. But I need to draw big ole fat, church-looking folk
omg! Wait. I just remembered that my laptop has the wrong time so it's not the 16th yet! lol!
Owner Ashley Grant made her special toffee for friends as gifts, and the response was so overwhelming...Magnolia Bay Toffee was born!
minor details. But I agree probably would of been a good idea to have him in
I will be very sad if Vegas falls through :(
OH HELL NO, don't even start I tried to say hi but yall wanna act like bitches. not sharing yalls youtube.
Headed to bed! Goodnight y'all! Hope you had a great weekend & have a wonderful week!!! (:
The greatest moments in our history have been when we've invested in our underdogs.
Ever steal your parents car?
About to start rehearsal for a great play to be performed as part of a benefit event autism in NY
when is the new website due out?
did u enjoying visiting Philly, my hometown?
Last week was 'interesting'. Time for a mid-year fresh start.
is the Battle up yet if so what's the link I'm tweaking
....... Idk what that's supposed to mean RUDE. But yes, I do.
Glad you had a great experience. Pat rocks!
I'm listening...just not too closely
the voice doesnt come out until half an hour where i live )))):
watching the NAACP Image Awards.
Well, we are honored to be such an intimate part of your's and Marjie's life! Congrats!
Def poetry Jam artist i'm featuring on Knotty Librarian via Facebook Sarah Jones, "your revolution"
Jesus Christ! Wait.
I'm afraid Cincinnati won't enjoy any of the Dr Jonny Fever jokes I prepared. Might have to keep them in my heart.
I like that Santorum has gotten this far in the nomination process. It makes figuring out who at work is fascist douchebag so much easier
madison always ignores my ass so whatever im happy for everyone who gets followed
Off to this ensemble...What was I thinking..a 9AM ensemble....-_- then to the worst class GLOBAL PERSPECTIVES.....
I have 64 followers WOW!!!!!
#EllenRTme day 159 & 160 It's been such a great weekend & I have no iPhone so this is a 2-for-1!
Don't want to go to French revision
Attn: Holga & Lomo lovers!!! Have you checked out our Expired Film Shelf in our reception? Right now we have Kodak Porta NC and VC! 35% off!
Austin Is On Air<3
super! I treated it like a book. The proposal is for a tech-themed conference for faculty developers (like the TRC folks).
After seeing live #lpo reviews, what work do you need to do on your landing pages?
Dieng for three?
MAKE THE BEST OF IT. IT WILL FADE SO QUICKLY. OH GOD THERE IS NO GOOD CHINESE FOOD IN THE MIDDLE OF AMERICA.
Happy New Year! The bags are on the way.
Thank you both! Very excited! Just did a lil prep by surfing up in Wisconsin yesterday :)
www.warrenwolfmusic.com Get me for your next event
Cool stuff planed for Amici's New Years Party! You should make your Reservations today! Infact stop in tonight for dinner and make them! :)
Finally feel ready to move up a level in ballet, now all I need is the nerve!
sdfasnews followers: The party to celebrate the end of #afta11 and our brand launch is Saturday night from 6-12 dwntwn
I'm The Reason Why You Faded, Take A Shot For Me
somebody please come visit me at work today! 530 to close.
Thanks for favoriting my tweet. With your following, I now may break 2K! Anyway: might you be able to DM me re: poss. media day?
true story (:
twitter is so lame...why don't you just tweet that...see i don't have to worry about twitter. all things you said.
Happy Saturday West Coast. It's 11:11...Make A Wish!!!
Packaging sketches complete. I want our boxes to be collectibles. Reminiscent of hat boxes
Your gonna fall, sooner you realize that the faster you can get up
guess what guess what my birthdayy is 4 days before your!!!<3 !!!!
You chose your own fate.
Somtimes you have to put ursef throu hell to get what you want sometimes its a walk in the part but no matter what, Fight for what you want
Today is my #someday... will retweet me. #neversaynever 23
Street protests across europe over ACTA. Totally not being covered by US News. your credibility continues to erode
thanks for trying again, hope you like! Follow us on twitter to find out when the film is coming back your way!
as a fan of the comix, I thought Whedon did a commendable job of both balancing and giving each character their moment to shine
Aight ima send them Gmail .gotta clean em a Lil bit more
Been eating my feelings away all day long today c: so god yet so bad
You guys are ruthless. I mean I am too. I've made people cry. But I don't do it anymore because I'm not THAT kindve a dick
thank you for the follows! I'm at my first annualmeeting!
Treat him like a tootsie pop 😜 RT : I want a follow and lick all over his body
Did amy winehouses autopsy team have to go to detox now?
what u drinkin?
i kno.. i gotta come down there.. still havent been yet
and what are those expectations grounded in? You is a clipper fan after all lol 😝
IF mitt romney would be President, there would be no "need" to worry about the deficit, he'd cut all programs and KEEP ALL the money himself
Does anyone have any feedback on the differences/reach between PRNewswire and BusinessWire?
y do u pinch ugly kids? What did they ever do to u? Lol
I am looking for tech writing work in the Cincinnati area.
were the fork is my ipod.. i needa follow Carlos on Hallo
When is the #FireGDF tag going to become en vogue?
LETS GO SPURS!!! <3
When the po po ran up on me & Mexico . Swear I ain't never ran that fast befo! Take a 2 liter & fill it up with codeine !
haha. I beat him until he gave me the password
Isn't it hard to tweet without hands? How do you type?
If the world didn't suck we'd all fall off.
can't wait to see you in Portland!!
Sometimes i just wander if some people actually care about others...guess not.
This is why I'm hot lol
Red yellow and green :D (rasta) RT : I wanna know your 3 favorite colors! Go! :)
How would I make this yogurt recipe with a yogurt machine?: I bought a salton yogurt maker that makes 5 little jars of yogurt. It had...
go to bed.
it will happen one day
it's milky. follow me please so i'm not so bored while i'm working :(
I can't seem to escape being subjected to bad country music at my various places of employment
Digital Projects!! One of the main reasons why I registered for NCPH. :-)
Thanks for the invite, but I was home with my kid last night. Next time!
shoutout for me please
i just turned 14. :)
Max Payne Online is pure chaos and I can't win
I want some boba! Mom if you see this... lets go get some boba!!! XD
working on new designs for my company. www.stateauthentics.com
YOU'RE worried? I can barely walk, let alone run.
do you like red meat? sparks or peter lugers steak house
Don't get texts in jail. Something urgent call my office... Brb.
I think I just made my mom a fan.
Back in Wilkes-Barre (whose idea was that?!) just 5 hrs late. Rethinking this whole flying thing.
lmfao!!! Omg . I would of died
you got it dude!
I'd honestly love it, if today just thunderstormed all day
Murray hill theater !
I'm so glad!
Russell Wilson, newest Badger :-) Go Big Red!
hnhgar i cant get over it
seems like this would be a great exercise for students (who have more difficulty negotiating intellectual prop)
the jungle cat or the car? Or both?
At the crib...movie time then KO time!
yea but like what made them decide to
Why is the president's success not seen as the country's success?
Who's going to the MWC basketball tourney next week in Vegas??? I am! Just bought tix. Let's meet up
This acct inactive for a long time - hope to see more teachers and staff use this great communications tool.
shit shanley, that's all you had to say
Thank you amazing energy we love you all!
When looking at #homes, what are some must-have features you look for?
Getting samples ready to send out in the mail!
Loving your retweets from first generation college grads. Why I've been smiling to myself at my desk all morning. :)
My Fair Wedding with David Tutera is amazing.
Fun Fact: I make a fool of myself much more than I'd like to admit.
Been on the phone for about 2hrs doing some apps and on facebook
I want a white one like Jennette! :]
good meeting mike. I like your idea - requires more research.
I luv Bo Ryan. Nobody can tell players what to dothen get them to do it like he can. No question of talent tween MU and UW. But Bo Knows.
follow me I follow back
Why do customers act surprised when I don't call them back until Monday? "I called you on Sat. why didn't u call me back?"
The first rec I go with, The Brothers K, might be the best book I've ever read.
#ESPN announces new #Poker club
Would have been cool to see! ": Jennerstown WAS a sweet dirt track until about 1987 #HomeTrack"
I LIKE THE NEW PICTURE very awesome
I REALLY wanna go to Vegas
.....just got home from antro....music was sick in both rooms.....the real Club Antro is back!!!!
you can choose a custom format there and make it just the post name, or when you write the post you can edit the permalink then
Can't even begin to comprehend the loss of 42.....however, it's time for D-Rob to step up. Great teams overcome.
Too many kids waste too many hours, in the gym, working on the things they are already good at.
Who wants to do lunch .... My treat lol
I see how it is
I have an Asian buddy who has a few tarantulas. That's not an ideal combination; Koreans and spiders.
Well. That was scary.
Modern air conditioning ruined Hawaii's architecture.
Flag football with the kids. Great sat morning
Friendship should be a responsibility, never an opportunity.
Hi there! Love the engagement pics!
Halftime in Waco. Baylor down by 1 bc they don't have a defense or a kicker.
After watching #Derby piece on Hansen's owner . Will be tough to root for.
You are so welcome!! I hope I love fitness as much as you do ;)
When I hear, I forget. When I see, I remember. When I do, I understand ~Chinese proverb
Better call it a mite
Thanks for the follow!
hopefully soon !
Joan Lippincott: digital scholarship ctr gives libraries a new service model, with expert staff and high-end hardware
My family rolls thick like syrup and milkshakes -- Leland Nelson ✈ () whats up with it bra?
In Seattle & love UFC? Well, you should be following !!!!
Good to hear. I've got video equipment for you.
Saw Andrew Breitbart on GMA. Can't even admit that he knew what Shirley Sherrod really said on that tape, but chose to edit to get
tryna hit the car auction up Feb 7th n 21st???
You would there would a business in geek-centric piñatas!
Thunderstorms possible and a big warmup on tap for Thurs. Temps could reach the 80s in most places.
Great to see you too! Best of luck & thanks to social media staying in touch should be a breze :-)
Idaho infant dies from whooping cough amid regional outbreak - Chicago Tribune
beth is cool dog nice love ya both from oklahoma
Time to get back ontop of UK martial arts scene! Bring on every tournament! Any rules! I am on my way back to the top!
haha, ok, just say what you want to say to and i put it in the video (:
Ain't showed my Twitter sum love in quite a while..
Jacques was a good man
where we watching the boxin match at ATL??.
A cow 'eats green grass and produce White milk.
I didn't like Terry Francona when he was with the Red Sox, but he's a pretty likable guy as an ESPN analyst
The smell of freshly cut grass >>>
hoping to keep the snow for a few days. Cleveland always looks,better with some white highlights.
You too! God stuff.
I didn't know who I was until I made me who I am.
Order deadline extended thru Mon to include payday for this San Diego-based economical food program - menus online www.thetreasurebox.org
Had a great rehearsal for with guest drummer Brian Wolfe. Love that guy.
I'm getting a lot of vodka and a lot of female strippers for my birthday. #DoinItBig (; hahah
If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking
It rips at my soul that I've already spent a week failing to get some (any) Linux variant to do what OSX could do after minutes.
Congrats! Your book looks super!
3 essays due tomorrow...not doing any of them
Great presentation about cutting through the BS in social media.
Does your dog have a phobia? What is the weirdest thing that scares your pup? We wanna hear about it! Maybe you even have a pic...
Thanks. My 19 year old daughter is the journalist and she's heartbroken. It's a hard business, but this was her 1st article.
That's nice & wholesome. When it's lemonade w/ lavender infused vodka, then we can talk. #amwriting?
My redneck friend on marriage equality-"if gays want to be as miserable as I was in marriage, have at it!"
Texans are signing Keenum. I'm pleased with this.
what to know if you lived in the Atl
Hey rain, thanks for holding off until I was finished with my run this morning.
i wanna work wit
Especially when I'm tryna chill with u ..
Eatting subway for dinner tonight Yumm #YEE (: Lol it makes me think of and his subway song lol
Really wish wouldn't send me a 35% off email, then have issues with their website.
In Woodbine's 5th, if #3 Cool Gold goes off less than 2-1 then I will try to beat her with either #9 Forum's Best or #10 Sweet Margi.
Magic mother fucker...
Lots of great volunteers in our office today to help prepare a mailing. So great to have our office hustling and bustling again!
yes sd....still lol
He's still listening. RT Yawn... Always had that big bag of nothing slowing yall down.
Ay u sent be a beat "over_again". Can I use that?
Stop by and see Mama at 3657 N. Southport. Parked in front of Dog-a-holics until 3:00 today!!
No, I understand. A COMPLETE mess is something you can edit. Congratulations!
what are some of the songs you worked on?
Trek to Allston to see
I already know what's finna happ
And now back to sleep.
In your face people. I just got followed by That's right. An entire town is at my beck and call.
That awkward moment when you try to jump into a conversation and you get completely ignored.
1/2 Price Burgers and Crush Drinks Tuesday's 4-close
Trut confirms this in emails to me: clearly foxes not reached domestic state yet. Repro and other reasons.
Apple will soon ask its carriers to tighten their online security to prevent their IMEI. Is that right?
Follow these people we love:
Without Facebook, how would I know that my aunt likes Target? *facepalm*
#mlanet12 ToDo list: Move docs to cloud, test G+, buy iPad, pack MIS brains, order #drinkingsig shirt,
Google Penguin Web Spam Algorithm | Ahyari Network
my stupid friends left me
with and
That man never answers his phone lmao RT : Does anyone have papo's number ?!??
It was not a problem until I downloaded the new OS!
RT : The only thing worse than being blind is having sight but no vision - Helen Keller (via )
DS: Yeah... 2 days before the draft... Time i get this TT going for
anything other than free shipping? :)
kewl do u have a Facebook
Hi there. If you want to forward your resume to me at , I'll make sure your resume gets seen.
Are you seriously on twitter bro? Your profile is creepy! LOL
I just want to kiss you all over.
18? Okay so that's one for older hahaha
It's correct to say "I am good." It's the same thing as saying "Life is good."
Embrace the clones. We come in peace.
Confirmed--all precincts reporting. >> Results from Dallas County show overwhelming support for Nowitzki.
wal mart of course
Angrey tryna colab wit any and everybody get at us
Gather your thoughts.
OH at #tsw2011 "Toilet Balloon: Crap in the balloon and it disappears. It's a cloud-based service." cc:
RT : has some fantastic reads on display on the 1st floor, right when you walk in, love it!
RT : Don't forget, the official hashtag for BlogWorld NY is
Great! I look forward to connecting with her! Hope you're doing well and coming through the winter in good shape!
Super excited to get tweeting again!
We're going to feature some brand spanking new Mother's Day deals this week! Stay tuned.
On the train to DC! I love and miss everyone, huge thanks for an amazing summer!
Did I forget to mention that Mad Men is perfect....
TV > homework. Every time.
Congratulations Team Triple Crown win girls 18U. Vivianne and Kaitlynn
Hey Amanda, this is Paula. Please tell me what a Fast Pass is for the convention.
I'm here at the hotel chilling with a friend
were u live?
Dude, Outlook is SO MUCH better. Microsoft is forrealz when it says that.
Listen! Did you hear her screaming as each man takes turn raping her?
I cant lie, you are on my mind, stuck inside my head.
good idea friend
you have GOT to be kidding me...
I'm gonna come check y'all out tonight. Cya soon!
“: Rep Stanton..what happened to black folks in this country was.. wrong, what has been done to gay folks is no more right #coleg”
Last time I had sex, just before the I climaxed I shouted, "WHERE DO YOU WANT IT?!" She answered, "PUERTO VALLARTA!" ...Lmao
"is this chili sauce locally sourced?" is a thing i just wondered.
Squidward a bitch
I moved on from caffeine to #guinness. It's working out pretty well! :)
I saw no dragon tattoo on that girl
oh yeah
that's what this week is about, respect other views, nothing is right or wrong ... lol
Good job purdue for big ten champs in baseball
Not only does the tunnel become narrower it also becomes so much brighter once you realize what your purpose is...
Evan, sounds fantastic - but I'm gonna be playing in the snow! --Glynn
we love her cotton tail
Whoa 1130 last night?
Saying "I couldn't control myself" is like the old Flip Wilson, "The devil made me do it." While funny...it's not true.
If you search online you will find many online stores that are offering yogadvds or cds
Sharks/Red Wings, Caps/Lightning >>
Memphis coach just said "Chris does a good job a flopping" haha
"You don't know how hard I worked. I sold crack to kids man!... They overdosed..."
full metal joustingg....This showw is entertaining ,(:
My jets got Tebow
Only 30 more days til opening day!
and they are both wanting you to take a picture, it lasts longer...
Resolution #1: Finish projects, e.g. that R. Kelly/C.S. Lewis mashup "Trapped in the Wardrobe."
-A station should attempt to set world record for the most guitarists playing Stairway in a guitar shop at one time.
Need to listen to "in your room" by Depeche Mode. Such a great song from a timeless album.
OMG, CAN THIS NIGGA STOP BULLSHITTING! I JUST WANT MY FUCKING IPOD, ARE YOU SERIOUS!?
and the inside is 0% done hah...
if you have pamdora, punch it in.
naw just the ones that was turned in yesterday
I just heard that the State's sweeping budget reform has been passed in Lansing.
Today we honor our Veterans past and present.
Thank you! We are so happy you enjoyed your Valentine's dinner with us. Have a great rest of your night!
let me crush your moments (: face it michelle, were the whitest girls on the team..
Sourwood honey is better than the wildflower honey. It's killing me how delicious this is.
Everybody in L.A got some thugg in them.
Man City is destroying West Brom
ew, that's my life too...... hahahaah
#YouKnowYourAGeekWhen You get more excited for history class than going home
Your headline? Unintended consequence of composting/every other day garbage pickup in pdx-dirty diapers in recycling. 11pm
This Winnipeg #Jets ticket scandal is very interesting. Public figures using public funds to by tickets that the public can't get.
Final: Kane County 4, Beloit 3. Sano with a 2-run HR, but he was in the on deck circle when the game ended. Too bad.
Girl,Nothing Much Youu?
Really missing Rondo.... damn
Hate people who play games. Its just like damn, be straight up with me.
Nfl weekend and the steelers are out this sucks
Are you doing some Celebrity Charity Tour with Executive Global Travel???
I've had #SportsCenter on mute since 3:30 a.m. ... and each time I look up, they're airing the "Not Top 10"
you don't even know who I'm talking about when I said I'm still in love with someone. .
blasting MEST on my way to work! Awesome way to start the day!
Watchin dusk fly,
#Lifeclass - how many of us will know something about ourselves we didn't know at when this program is over. I think I will...
Three quick fouls on Julian Boyd to start second half, though he was foul free in first half LIU up 46-35 16:56 left
Omg haven't been on here in so long!! I miss everyone!
Interesting fact: according to ABC News, more men than women went shopping on Black Friday weekend, and men outspent women.
Nice one!
The world of Twitter, is united.
has no available yurts for 's birthday. Very sad because this means we are camping with the tent again.
ew . I cut my hair & i look TERRIBLE !! - The Jenster<3
creative motivation: Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living and that enables you to laugh at life's realities~Theodore Geisel
Give Me Love. Xx
the truth cost nothn , but lies will cost you everything !.
It looks like no body on twitter cares about the World Series!? C'mon!
We need to educate policy makers about how the Internet works so they can make better decisions
re: #Paul's Boutique sample lawsuit -For fuck sake!
Spent another night playing 360 (COD & AC2).. gotta sleep sometime, lol
Enjoying the browsing experience within the twitter iPhone app.
Haha. We do have some pretty interesting conversations when we're stoned.
LIVE! #10HoursWithMikeMurdock "Establish Your Credibility Through Association, Conduct, and Results. "
Ugly truth...titillation does have value.
did you throw it down on the floor when you were finished and demand another?
have a wonderful day!
Watching always makes me hungry
thank you ! I will try
My pleasure! It's a great idea and I hope I get to do more than just RT & FB it someday. Oh $$$, how I miss you. Cheers!
Be sure to check out Golden Light Catina in Amarillo, Texas. Oldest surviving bar on Historic Route 66!
I lost all of my contacts. for who has ever text/ call me DM your number :) thanks <3
Omg, bunnies! <3
Just rocked the stage.
Dear will you marry me???
Oh my gosh! Lol, wasn't what I was trying to say lolololol.
A client is looking for logo designer: vintage, mid century modern/danish modern furniture, lighting & accessories. DM me if interested!
Why not make an assignment where students write blog function tutorials?
And another thing: has anyone noticed the creepy stalker vibe of Twitter's "following" and "being followed?"
Capuano with a great performance tonight. 9K, 0 runs allowed. Lindblom from the bullpen now pitching for the
How fun! It snowed in LA today! What a sight to see! Felt like back in Wisco or Chi!
Palenke Soultribe is a live electronic music trio fusing electronic sounds with Afro-Colombian rhythms and melodies text getpalenke to 88704
nahh why would they, that would be...nice or professional or smart.
Every Scottsville Farmers Market is a community event. Put us on your schedule for next week: Thursday 3:30 PM to 7:30 PM and Saturday...
#LiesIveToldMyParents I forgot to bring my report card home but I got all A's and B's
RT What's hot in winter, cool in summer, & efficient all year? Insulation! It's like pink, fuzzy efficiency insurance.
#IWonderIf the boys will even notice the midwest
#Working, #enjoying life, catching up on sleep and trying to ignore the #ghosts that live upstairs lol, you?
Heading down to Florida in a little while.
There's nothing so permanent as a temporary government program.
damn, where is the fucking trust?
for a second I thought it was just my town that did that haha
NE was really cold. Too cold. My finger just thawed out. weather here is awesome last season
Yeah and then Greyson and cody will show up (: ♥ And we can buy our cats on ebay and make them chunky
it was great catching up this week. You and your team are doing inspirational work, thanks for sharing!
Yes ma'am, they both do. But there's air added to both, so maybe the air cancels it out completely? :)
I'll need a nap today. Did fall asleep again though. 15 minutes before the alarm went off.
how you doin beautiful?;)
What is new normal - shrinking budgets, cloud, consumerization, high expectations How does IT stay relevant?
Early morn meeting on main campus, hooding in evening, and commencement Saturday - sigh, too busy to tweet, catch up later
Fuji apples=bliss
Cool! I'll wave and say hello when you pass me. LOL
How long into producing did you start noticing your own "sound"? (da funkiness) Are you a fast learner? Genius in school?
When you're MOTM is 18 yr old Wilshere you are in serious trouble. NOT GOOD ENOUGH
Just cuirous do you know why #sportingkc gams are not broadcast live on radio? Is no one willing to carry the feed?
Started working on a few designs for Westlake Film Festival. If nothing else, it will be a great spec job for the 101 Creative portfolio.
Damn I wish there was a middle finger emoji because I would use it everyday 😡
I know we shouldn't have yielded to temptation but when the waiter at Lavo brought us fried Oreo donuts...
Yes, just as lovely as I imagined :)
Don't look now, but you-know-who is following you. Hope you and Andrew are well!
Y'all better drink some water. Don't make me come over there.
we got shows poplin up everywhere. we'll def let you know when and where we get booked! would love to see you there!
TAYLOR SWIFT!! GOOSH I LOVE HER!
Larry Scott: College sports are still highly undervalued b/c of large-scale fragmentation, which is confusing to marketplace & lessens scale
yessiree! :) #yeee so tempted to go out there and jump on it and then just fall asleep!
thats good. better than ev over here!
you have a great Tuesday too doll!!!
If you need a dentist while visiting San Diego, please call us and we'll look into your toothache! Take care!
a huge downside is that no one can retweet your tweets, or publicly reply to them, kind of a pain.
Cuz he like u and you like it 2 lmao
Hahaha! Best. Thing. Ever.
Weird to say this but soaking up the sun never felt so god. Relax, don't do it! I'm gonna get dark!
Tomorrow, Oct. 31 is Halloween in the U.S.! Happy Halloween to all our readers from Latin Beat Magazine!
"Climate is what we expect; weather is what we get." - Mark Twain
On my first train ride ever, train comes to an abrupt halt and someone gets on the loud speaker, "we have hit someone crossing the tracks"
Had a Messy BBQ and yes it was thick as fuck we sure do know how to bring em out
There nothing like being shot in the face by a paintball.
Really missing Desire today. Life is too busy and I just want relax naked with the whole crew! Where's Claudia when I need her?
Tomorrow is 4/20 how perfect for beer olympics #teamjamaica ❤💛💚
20 years ago today I gave birth to a beautiful, sweet, fun-loving baby girl. Happy birthday, Jessie! I miss you!
she left if like a whole different outfit hahahahahah without her shoes too.
It's perfect ice cream weather. Not too hot not too cold
Decaf?! *slaps cup to ground* *sets fire to cup* What kind of establishment is this?
Man, school never prepares you for the
Mia's already going to #jazzfest & #ACL. Holly's going to #burningman. How many more do we need?
it most certainly doesn't!!
I live next to an amazing golf course! It's great for anything except golf.
Wishing a Happy Birthday!!
New definition for Werid= GRAND
Avoiding wrinkles tip: Avoid the sun, except for early or late in the day for a few minutes, depending on where you live.
I have the worst luck. 🍀❌
Why do I love you ? You don't even care ..
Check out the new EP up! Some pretty heavy shit !!!www.facebook.com/lastseendead www.myspace.com/lastseendead313
Was amazing to see live yesterday! Favorite moment was the appearance of the 1982 "Cats" cast- esp the one in the wheelchair!
I don't like al those negative news in the papers
Lane closures on Eastbound Beltline between Whitney Way & Verona Rd & Westbound Beltline between Seminole Highway & Verona Road mon-wed.
I just did :)
Sometimes my grandma can be so annoying. Don't get me wrong I love her but she's just so irritating sometimes... Urggg. -___-
Just got back from Dallas, sure is a lot of repair shops there
"We can blame our hatred of self on a lot of things...or we can admit we were horrible people."
Im drained , goin right to sleep when i get home .
Yea dude this is really good!!!
Ayyyyy, UK+Spain this summer!!!!!
Looking forward to church tonight :)
Thank you RT : Just got my free download of She only wanted flowers. You are very talented.what a great voice!
Miss Lea Hello! I go by the name lea. fifteen, a stranger in this big ...
Work/Family balance lesson #32-When present, BE present. Partner gently reminded me this morn while I was working on the laptop, in bed
I hate when I can't even breathe
Don't Hate
disappointment for Maccabi and their fans. How many times was Tal Burstein fouled in the last 5 secs? I counted 4
Finally, no high-end bacon decor I am sad to say. More likely that would get that ;)
Whats up everybody, start your day off right with me /youngbravo1 check me out in the True Magazine 2 Chainz issue!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA LMAO at where is right now!!!
Yes, they are available in growlers - come thirsty! RT : sounds amazing! Available in growlers?
#thingsaboutmymommy my mommy is 😱 of 🐭
Our Friends at Song Of The Day featured #callmemaybe by yesterday.#NowPlaying on
If I was down would you say things to make me smile?
Welcome Arlene! Thanks for your support! :)
I was so sleepy earlier and now I can't go to sleep :/ Guess this is a good time to check where all my classes are for #SpringSemester Haha
Nah, I dig. It's like when you used to play as a kid and you had to ask the referee for the time, except there's no ref to ask.
That's because you are. ACC is glorified high school
Hehe, great minds think alike! :D
slap him
College Art Association attendance this year: about 4,500 people, same as last year in Big D. Lots of artists & good artist-led sessions.
Those annoying guys that like every girls picture on facebook..
Gotcha! Will keep my eyes peeled.
They just pronounced "chipotle" CHI-POL-TEH-LAY on the food network. Is that correct? Inquiring Pop Tartz want to know.
Come see us this weekend at the Addison Wellness Expo at the Addison Convention Center on Saturday & Sunday from 11 AM-6 PM.
Don't See Why They Have Him On ESPN This Man Seriously Don't Have a Reason He Don't Like Lebron!
RT : #PaycheckFairnessAct – first passed in1963.Penalizes companies discriminating against women. GOP blocking it.>>Fighting it!
In my project team's room there's a baseball bat labeled "Computer Repair Kit"
A belated thank you, and right back at ya ;)
I'm passing lots of earnest smokers with backpacks on. Is it finals week?
wants to retire
Thanks for the RT
More activity there and the side bar has a lot of good links
RT : Varick & King. 11-3 - A perfect day for a fancy grilled cheese!!
i think i should text cause she told me to earlier and i just remembered :)
Didn't dodge the bullet. Assigned & awaiting interviews. Feel like Jimmy Cliff...sitting here in limbo...
girls showing cleavage. that's cool but wonder where's boundary between classiness and vulgarity.
between the 2, yes. I told ya at lunch you should PR your stuff there too.
haha..I love how honest you are. Wish more people were like you.
I land Thursday night at 9:30 pm. No stopping until Sunday. MIAMI!!!
JNC in Chapel Hill
The road to success is always under construction.
And this is exactly why I have major trust issues..
e-mail my heart
I'm 21 As Of 49 Minutes Ago....Time To Go Ham
Thank you! It was app I mistakenly approved. I am now free of the X people have looked at your profile crap.
sure u will !! Lol yes u don't have to be worried but u would never distract me!! ;)
please can u please please please follow me?
My grandma said we made her weekend fun , well you're welcome..
already on it! Lol
I left my glasses in my glasses case in my tennis bag at school
P.S. It's fondue night. Anyone else call fondue "fundue"?
We are seeking individual instrumentalists for cruise ship house bands. Super sight reading skills, versatility, n 3-6 month commitments!
Bro do you know much about Dubai?
yeah man. Just now caught the hang of it lol. When are you stopping by? Milton is coming by tonight
strange reaction considering the no. of Arse players at City now.
In the studio configuring simulated space for low toms, timpani and orchestral brass recorded in different sessions. The new track... holy.
your parents are awesome. Too bad i didn't realize they were your parents, i would have bought them another shot.
When you unite mind, body and spirit you are experiencing yoga.
Let's just say worst case that Coach would leave, who would be your first Coach to get a call ????
The new print is scheduled to arrive in time for our Sat night screening. Both nights we're also showing the new doc THE MAGNIFICENT TATI!
seriously thinking about writing a fanfic.
I totally need to check this out! Thanks for the tip! It's amazing how small accelerators like CMD-0 can help so much
Looking for other new product innovation managers in the Baltimore region or really anywhere that I can talk to about work. Any suggestions?
It's Spring! Time to redecorate? We got whatchoo need: www.midcenturymobler.com
RT “: I predict more hits for ” --yeah, if she keep hanging out with cris brown...
Talking #brewers with NOW! SportsRadio
anytime Donna
Steve! Saw you on Shark Tank and can't stop talking about u to friends! You are HILARIOUS and a BRILLIANT salesman!
fresh legs, go leitnet and perîsic
I want to as well, either a Prius or Honda Insight to see how much I really save on a long road trip!
Finally getting into ski shape.
RT : .. officiating in college hoops is laughable compared to pros. [that's impossible!]
If your not watching you can't be a true fan of MMA #WMMA is here!
But you already know BULLS all day everyday
woo! i'm good with that
Why is everyone getting engaged all of a sudden?
Oye. Just read this tweet. "Today I learned that the Kentucky Derby is only about 90 seconds long and not like a NASCAR race."
Preparing to welcome Joel Bishop to share the Orange Revolution at
Happy Birthday momma. I love and miss you.
Can't stop thinking 'bout you... :((
nutten in the world like some drum and bass to f@#k up people head. Lawd, ah cyaan tek it ...
Rough night to be a Bulls Fan
RT : When bad things happens it's easy to forget we're blessed...
Awesome Fireworks at The Ballpark in Arlington from I-30! #boomstick go Nelly!
see you soon hopefully Blissdom
For the people marching on Wall Street: A job is NOT a right. Capitalism DOES work and you Socialist Rhetoric is killing the movement
in honor of our single being released in 4 days... we want to know some of your
right on, it's challenging 140 characters or less. Follow me or look me up on LinkedIn & we can message. Thanks 4 the chat!
yes yes.. but then we can!
Welcome Rob Seideman of as one of our speakers! "Beyond the Line - Careers Outside the Kitchen".
I may have sent Birg an e-mail describing the difference between nonviolence and compliance. He seems confused.
that either means "do I know you" or something else. I'm not up on my acronyms I guess. Meaning?
you are welcome for the follow
Love you too
Fried brioche doughnut holes with raspberry preserves and meyer lemon curd!!!!!
one dude got some and the other dudes didn't. isn't that what always happens?
HHAHAHAHAHAA it means SISTER WHITE hahahahahahahahaha
Waiting to hear the results of the #imfl for mike morris!!!!
I hate when your dominating in words with friends and someone pulls put a 100+ point word. I quickly quit that game
When I saw u were online I smiled so big!!:) I'm so happy now!! I missed u!!:(
i dislike capital as much as the next, but soon to be on the job market, i feel the pressure to write for free :/
good point!
lots of winter fests in NYC as well - especially the new by &
Cathryn Carson: How will we adapt UC Berkeley social sciences institution to big data era?
your bitch's back! 😠
you always know the gossip! Any idea what the defunct pizza hut by my house is going to be?
I beat it beat it up up up up up up up
"'CNBC SportsBiz: Game On!' Draws 8,000 Viewers, Is One Of The Lowest Rated Shows On Television"
why? I have no job there.
hope you are having a great day my BFF. I have to take Terry to V.A.Hospital today. Luv and Hugs
If you're a manager and your answer is "People" when I ask "What do you manage?", you're probably not a very good manager.
u better do no such thing.
Went to visit Mom at the hospital after her surgery! She was in surgery for about 7 hours! She is doing good! :)
From the LORD comes deliverance. May your blessing be on your people. Psalm 3:8
i'm good hby?(:
Kids are finding Stack the Countries to be much harder than Stack the States. That's why we have an old-fashioned invention called a globe!
damn right
#onlyskinnyppl have new balance running shoes
You'll look Marvelous as usual. Have a great time. Women unite.
Looks like I need to keep way more receipts and go back through my credit statements...head...hurts
They are at lunch :)
and those hours don't count if you're sleeping lol
yeah outside of his 2009(?) AO SF, he hasn't done much. We'll see. Hope Nole takes the crown, natch
#GrandeLove to you all
agreed she is great!!
They really make the free version of Spotify cool enough to use, but the ads and recommended songs just annoying enough so that you upgrade
“If we talk w/ Pres. Obama, & we don’t have proof, then it’s only words. That’s why we take pics-to show what’s happening” -Rainer,
After a 15x3mins of boxing pad work and sparring this morning and an epic 3 hour dog walk this avo I am quite ready for a nap
I tried for the first time a few weeks ago and now I'm addicted. Delicious!
Night shift starts now. Night shift viewing is THE ROYAL TENENBAUMS.
I can get low don't know which way is up, ya I can get high like I could never come down.
I need a 5 hour energy shot directly injected into my bloodstream
Having the greatest time with Mia Joy Candles!!!
#CSOMozartBrahms Contest: First to answer correctly win! What was the last piece of music Mozart composed?
Ugh. RT : Enjoy it while it lasts! (5 min) LOL
How are you dear?
well considering what I pay for it, I would have spent about the same amount without it. I think I'm saving like 10 bucks.
would love to pick your brains and buds...let's connect IRL.
I was until that field goal :-)
I love problem solvers!! Nicky rocks! Xoxo
you got a ticket?
Great day in Hermosa during the Hennessey's World SUP & Paddleboard Championships! Congrats to all the paddleoboarders who participated!
ha just sitting watching it snow! first snow day of the year :D
did y'all. Get the email
good seeing u here, Eva
O'Banion suggests adopt principles to achieve completion agenda - Gamson & Chickering, CCCSE, D Jenkins, Learning Colleges
being sick during summer is the pits!
Mall of America
taho sounds good. Sucks for me since they don't sell it here.
Get the fuck out of my business
Hi Mr. Cantor! Do you love America as much as I do??? Because the truth is I REALLY love it, like I love Jesus, almost. Thx
i do i do! lol and yay!!! those four days need to go fast
hahahahaha, I'm laughing so hard right now tho.
Loved the story on at the half. Only suggestion for , more
Thanks for signing on as a Charter Member of - making wellness the way of work in
Getting ready for work
You must! You must!
Bahahaha, turning hoes into housewives! MT : yep. That one, too. She will from now be known as "Virginia Housewife."
YES!! I agree. I WANT TO BE A WIZARD. The CHOSEN ONE!
IB's r "radically vulnerable & revolutionary; healers while being strong; they welcome the paradoxical."
#MyWorstFears i don't have any
Thanks for the #FF! Hope you have a great day.
Absolutely helps our chances! Get ready for a flurry of offense by Nashville
just peachy keen here babe, how's your day?
good luck and Go Bucks!
Great having u back - safe travels back to SF! RT : last day in the #miami office. back to #sanfrancisco on sunday
can you bring an album out already?!
#Boston Neighborhood Network's doc "My Summer In The City" Directed by Jonathan Rizzo was accepted to the #BostonInternationalFilmFestival!!
I'll entertain such enthusiasm tonight. I was fond of Messier.
Trust.... is like a piece of paper... Once it's crushed, it cant be perfect again.
Love listening to live tonight, great stuff from Will and Mari
The only spirit day I will ever partake in is Halloween dress-up day. Otherwise, I'm passing e'rytime.
How long?
you got time—show is here until May 13!
Done! RT : Hi Erika. Our apologies. Please email with your Trip ID. Thank you.
cuddling with my boyfriend and a cute movie till I fall asleep
just finished another 20 mile bike ride
she said Liv loves you and you love Liv. Then I smacked her really hard!!!
Yes! I'm very excited but sad at the same time. I'll miss my work buds.
Hearing #StormWarning on the radio just makes it so much more real that I'm seeing tonight!!!!! :)
"When my children look in the history books, they are going to see that was a 2-term President." - Carl W.
Ahh the Google logo today is so cool!
OK, looking at my spice options, I'm going with a chicken Korma. Think of it as Vindaloo's left threatening cousin.
So excited to announce the launch of Renee Rhyner & Co SHOP.Amazing photos,posters,books and more bit.ly/w2cPd1
NCL will prohibiting smoking in cabins beginning in January. Passengers will still be allowed to smoke cigarettes on their balconies.
Praying for you today!
RT Missing you for all the wrong reasons... ;)
ooopss I revealed myself=O
Part of me just wants to find the right words to hurt you the same way you hurt me.
ha ha ha ! Amazing !
My monkey went to 6th with his biffles and left me in his room to study, but he did leave food, drink, and background music.
I'm glad Leap Day is over. It's become so commercialized.
My new comeback is gonna b "u doodoo bird" haha (: 9 year olds r funny 2 talk 2..!
Vandy is going to hang on...but shaky at the end...Jenkins is still going to be the key towards a strong tourny run
Following you via 's chats with you (through ). Looking forward to your tweets!
Thank you Evan Zeppos of #ZepposandAssociates for coming to meeting today.
Hey! Do you need someone to help you with a paid search campaign? If so, I can help with that! :) Let me know!
I am drenched from the rain. My good deed of the week is finished, so I'm back... at work. It's an exciting life I lead.
Oh Yeah:)
“: Oh, you don't know how to properly use your and you're? That's because your an idiot.” LOL FAIL
The future of the book is not tied to digital technology, but goes far beyond it - Bonnie Mak
Inception in AP Psych
Gotta go my homies, make it a great day. I gotta do wut I gotta do, Unity, peace and love to all of you.
Oooohhhhhhh haha a million yrs later...you are right.
good night!
I want a pig :(
Goin' To Sleep Thinkin' About Them<3 Makes Me Smile Just Thinking About Your Name<3 GoodNight Twitter<3
We want to thank the Mayor for his continued dedication and support in the effort to address homelessness and hunger in Tampa.
thank u hun! :) ou okay if u want that name back just say it! It feels like I steal it or something :/
Others use it to facilitate letter-writing between students in other places.
Happy Birthday,
Check email please.
but will they is the question. Cashman hasn't pulled the trigger on anything.
Must be "bring ur fat pig girlfriend to the carwash day"
that's not a fair comparison because he had way better shoes than Rivers has....
Unfortunately I'm not :(
Skin Folk script reading taking place on Saturday! Updates to come!
effing pissed as hell...
is that like Taco Bell?? <3
There is nuttin like chocolate ... Catracho style...
We also have Playd t-shirts on the way to some of our lucky users. Enjoy!
alien space technology?!?!?
look at this
Looking forward to getting the new iPhone. :D
and my mom for not standing up to him
What do you mean.?
I love girl scout cookies but I already got hit up several times at work and will have some serious dates with the gym now;)
New England/NY fans have it good #RedSox, #Patriots, #Giants, #Yankees, I have felt true pain #Browns (4-12), #Nats (80-81) #Wizards (2-14)
Second night in a row I've packed my bags then been told I can't go..
Are you ready for the tomahawk throwing contest? Meet us in Lenape at 4pm.
sweet ;D
I'm sure it's more something out of Animal House. But thanks, Pete!
I dont feel like flirting with this nigguh :P can't he see I like someone else!?
When will UGG boots be illegal?
Had the WIERDEST dream last night- and I met Lori Beth Denberg and then the rest of the original cast of 'All That' appeared..
Hope you get your second and third winds soon!
i want to introduce you to a trainee working w/ me now who's on elective from UK
Love this! If you know anyone looking to be inspired into book publishing, we're looking for an intern. (But no naps allowed.)
no I don't. You haven't heard how much I yelled at and cursed out the contractor! Lolz.
i know. but i think i don't need. :/
Mother's Day is really an International Holiday on the grandest level. I suspect that almost all Salons around the country are booked.
What a great NYE party that was!! Darkstarians rock! RT : Had fun Phishing in the lot last night. #phish #2012 Happy New Year!
Are they textbooks or just books?!
:)) I just push the "><" button. Hopefully the doors close fast enough.lol
Does your therapist like getting paid? This could foot the bill. Sheesh, your therapist should consider the big picture here.
Damn sucks! I did that on Monday. RT : Im really not trying to work this 9 to 9!
Having no one special to say good night to sucks.
Good church service, good lunch, now it's time for a good nap before the concert!
Oh ok, i get it
Do my ears deceive me or did Dick Bremer just say its about time to cut Trevor Plouffe?
I don't care what you do. Just don't involve me in it.
Compared to say, Cleveland State, they do. Thanks for such a great event.
thank you facebook for deleting my account.
Now a song about heroin addiction. 'What have I become? ... My empire of dust.'
did you know we are working on new songs? it's a winter time tradition for ITLCA we will miss you until summer but we will always love you
Retail therapy never fails...maybe it fails my bank account...but it never fails my mood!
Oh boy that guy is good.
R.I.P. To the Godfather of GoGo Chuck Brown he will be missed
I'm hanging in there. How are you?
There are large portions of the diss that feel like, "Look at all I translated for you! Blarg!"
stop mocking me!
Hi Johnny, great to hear you used Scrubly to get productive in 2012! Appreciate your support for our app!
Not sure if we will have more "The Movement" tees. I can assure you more IU tees are in the pipeline!
The Deluxe is still under work, sorry any further inconvenience!
I don't think a preference for VOIP meetings is weird. VOIP feels more like you're right there with people, I think.
I like it too.
Happy #MothersDay to all the fab moms in my life and by life I mean twitter feed!
Way to walk your talk about openness and vulnerability Keith...Let us know how it turns out!
"D" stepped it up 2nd half....Bring on New England!
#Reminder: "God is good not only when He makes sense to us, but even when He doesn't. Goodness is inherent in who He is."
Haha I'm about to go in OB!! gotta put a bunch of samples and sounds in for next weeks show...POOF!!!!
I'm not for certain, but I think Al Harrington was in Ninja Turtles II.
Uh-Oh ! Lol RT “: That tweet just put a big smile on my face 😊”
"Dance With My Father" on in the Avis lobby - the song that once threw into the ceiling in a rage
A great start to #AWP12 : flight cancelled, forgot several essential things. FInally go here. exhausted already. Is it over yet?
Merry Christmas twitter!
When you don't have a plan with your finances you are making mistakes which will lead you to disaster.
Right by my side
Big goal late in the period by Boedker. Phoenix does not go down easy.
Installed Pinterest App Landing page Check it out... Click Pinterest button above, to see some of our client work!
holy crap
But look, an arch! Casement windows! It's so adorable! Who cares that you can see your breath indoors!
Jay Hoggard on WKCR W bro Sharif Abdu-Salaam. Promoting Jays gig at sisters place in Brooklyn.
I hope your having a blast in Australia! Wish I was there!
I am saddened to hear of GWAR's loss...
#ThankYou Peter! It's wonderful to be #Following you!
Gorilla Productions Get Gigs Get Beooked
I hate everyone right now.
Whoever is happy will make others happy too. He who has courage and faith will never perish in misery. --Anne Frank
Great! I look forward to meeting you.
MITTANIC. A political disaster movie, soon available in 3D.
Damn, I got all excited and thought the real Fat Boys showed up to beat box around the office.
Anything you permit (good or bad) grows and it will boomerangs on you.
Watching Holy Musical B for what is probably the tenth time.
Nice 5 1/2 hour shift to end the day 😲🔫
I will have to try it that way. Thanks for the suggestion.
Welcome to Baltimore and the Ravens! You've got a bunch of fans who welcome you with open arms!
Thanks for last night's enjoyable member get-together. It was fun to meet more chapter folks!
ok here in CO
“: "I'm giving up wine for lent - but only in Texas" - ” She told me this last night. I give it 24 hours.
I've somehow acquired a bar seat
In photos Kristen Stewart always looks like it's her creepy uncle taking them
so trippy mane you can call me juicy ginaaaa
What do a pair of heels, Theory trousers and an oversize MN fotball T have in common? My current outfit outside right now
Anyone would quit if they don't believe they're good at anything.
tired but cant fall asleep. I hate nights like this. Especially when Monday is the morning I gotta wake up too...
Reminiscing on the past
May your neighbors respect you. Trouble neglect you. Angels protect you. And heaven accept you.
A #ChuckNorris -delivered Roundhouse Kick is the preferred method of execution in 16 states...
Watching Capote. Brilliant perf by P. Seymour-Hoffman. In Cold Blood remains a remarkable feat. A 'non-fiction novel, as Capote called it.
idk a charlie , his names jack name.
There are Billions Of People In the world, why are you letting one ruin your life?
Rumors are just as fake as the people who started them.
they are all great cities, but Austin and San Antonio would be my two recommendations
did one of them just fall? FAIL
The longer I look at that picture, the less I know what it's supposed to be.
have you ever participated in Jouett House Frontier Days? I used to run archaeology for them, I think mostly 4th graders though
My name is Clinton Murchison. I'm a Youth worker. I work with troubled youth within our community trying to make a difference in their lives
on my grind
Oh boo! My bad! Just got excited... RT : Shhhhh... Don't jinx them.
Thanks, guys! ;)
You wonder if dentists can still truly enjoy oral sex.
I want some blue berry waffles
So are we! Thanks for following us!
HEY VINNY I LOVE U!!!!
Stupid question, but what does #bbpb stand for?
As a direct result of media coverage, Alfreda Barlow has been located.
No problem sir, I wish you and would/could call all the Green Bay games.
of course I'm kidding about that last tweet...
;P laser sight Airsoft Gun Ukarms M-K068 6mm Laser Sight Reviews
JLO will be presenting the 84th Annual Academy Awards. In other words...more Fiat plugs please!
Be entered to win a free office for one year by liking us on FB!
"YA THINK THESE FUCKIN COCKS WILL HOLD US???
where are the art heretics?
I'll go on the record now - no way Eli Manning is a better SNL host than Peyton.
I'm annoyed.
it sounds nice, but that assumes everyone you want to reach is following you
"Born to please, beware I will tease. Down for whatever, not lookin' for forever. #BossBitchFacts"
LastKingsDesigns gone have jersey's & baseball tees?
Oh no, I've been bit again...by the #travel bug. I need a vacation on the calendar!
#6wordstories I make awesome electronic music. Seriously.
Eating the cookies might remove ant temptation, so two birds/one stone with that plan, imo.
Once you're attached, you're fucked.
RT A good morning to celebrate ‘International Look Things Up In Books Day’
I've always been curious. What that taste like?
Congrats for Employees of the Month Mike Samuel, Ray Leslie, and Adrian Chrysanthou!
That be awesome if you could silently register every douchbag and asshole you encounter into scared straight programs!!!
Fuck love? No, fuck the person that made you feel that way
Thanks for spreading the word! We had a great turnout! Lots of pretty signs made for #marathon runners! cc
too bad I'm not there drumming 😁
Pretty sure u aren't supposed 2 call someone & tell them your at their door to serve them w/ court papers
Help us get the band get scared to follow us! They are at the top of out following list!
I agree ! First weekend is the best 4 days in sports ... for me :)
Whoever thought you and i would end up head-over-heels in love with eachother.
everybody wants to rule the world.
I just drooled when Mitch, Cam and Lily passed the Mexican restaurant next to New Orleans Square!
no, I'm king of the world!
OK gang, here's a code for Minecraft on 360: 2YHWP-YK6?X-KM4?H-GWDF3-?J6?Z One character has been removed! Good luck!
I'm so excited the show is back...been eagerly waiting for my Dash dolls!
get your ass here then
it's based on when your birthday is. It describes a lot about your personality.
Not getting what i wish for
And having pink lipstick on RT : There's nothing worse than kissing someone and feeling nothing. No spark. No tingly warm.
the new desktop app for windows rocks.
Worst series loss of the year here. Astros are absolutely terrible. I guess the Pirates are just worse.
#PrizesOnTheHoodPriceIsRight I would say immunity to Mace but years of interbreeding criminals & evolution since 1982 already gave them that
The bank guy opening my account right now is fucking cute.
Ouch!!! Ya could hear that! Way to take one Raul!!! Loaded up for Chavy!
Smart kids or smart dads that had those kids? lol
thank u husband lol
I thought so, but two days ago I slept till 5pm, and then woke up at 4am this morning... hmm.
... I know it's vague and I won't say why. I'm just disappointed in what I just saw on his TL that's all.
chocolate milk gets me weak
lol! Maybe it will keep the aliens from sucking out your brains! Haha!
T.N.T kicks off 2nite inside with $2 u call it all nite!
CP3 is so clutch!
I believe it is possible to achieve the very successful results of Dr. Zamboni without surgery.
Chat! Or I can just DM you if that's easier!
macs cost twice as much to fix, but I like osx a lot. and some people gotta have their mac! But I fix apple too :-)
Yeah it's one of those nights.... If you don't like it. I'm one click away (unfollow bitch)
Got the Mondays? What is your goal this week?
Keep the focus on yourself and day by day your dream will unfold.
the crossover front pant: cross between a skort and harem pants... anyone know the fashion term for this silhouette?
Raider Rumble
hi Jennette! We're holding a charity event in 2013 & would love for you to attend. We know you love charities! :)
Shout out 2 rg3 I still don't like the redskins tha
says the girl who didn't even attempt the last one.
I just saw a guy without a nose.. no lie. he had no nose.
RT : Today a full day of interviews in Miami! Tonight my label party at , gonna be epic! :)
I can't talk about sex w/ everybody it feels weird lol
watch out for the ones with free shipping !!!
I think it's all worth it. New dance experiences make us stronger, better dancers :-)
I'll check and let you know.
Last day of high school tomorrow. idk if I'm excited or really upset.
Dang it, I've been drinking coffee every day for 2 weeks now. What is it, 21 days to make a habit? I must break the chain!
Lol at least you admit its partial motivation.
i think that i never had a dejavú ;O
LeBron James; the first 3x MVP without a ring.
tigers. all night long.
another revelation. Why, you think you saw his car? No. I think I saw your car.
Feeling a big 3rd quarter from Ray when he checks in...
Planning trip to #Miami for bachelorette weekend. Ideas anyone?
Cannot continue to watch the news out of #Syria. Get Assad out of there now.
I keep hitting follow limit, I'm sorry to those who aren't followed back. I will try again ASAP ! I hate limits :(
why are you talking
get better boo!
Back in Chicago it's 49 degrees. Here, it's 83. WINNER
hi!!!!! I just wanted to ask if you have ever been to Georgia. Love ur acting by the way!!!!!!Hoping to get a follow!!!!
#notsotwittersavvy for your pleasure instead of FYI.
there both full of caffiene and anti oxidants .. its a win win .. kinda :)
Did you know it's National Burger Month? What's your favorite #Plano burger?
Spent the weekend fighting a little cold. Saw TINKER TAILOR SOLDIER....SNORE! Being sick & being single sucks.
RT : My pedometer: Today covered 6.0 mi in 91 min and burned 550 Cals | Kicking some butt there...keep it up
Great open house on Saturday!
It's working now.
soap vs .... restful
Guy just waved at me on the Max. I honestly don't know him but he looks familiar. I think he's friends with my sister. Idk.
I miss you when I wake up.
FYI ima kill that beat for you bet that
Not really, except for the statuses.
what to do
KGB rode me into the ground! that guy gots some steady state power. See you tomorrow at 8 bells
The patriot's blood is the seed of Freedom's tree. ~Thomas Campbell
Preakness is about to be wild!
How many times i gotta say time is money
I had a horrible headache all day, until Kentucky took down the Cards. Feeling much better.
Boutta get some waffle house
Ha. Twitter run by Ravens fan?
Grant, one of our digital strategists, is off to Austin for the May 10 #WordofMouth conference. Follow him for insights!
really miss the cantwell house ! Hahaha
Happy Birthday ! your a man now haha it seems like it was just yesterday when I saw you on YouTube proud of you! :)
I sense a little sarcasm.
p.s. hey Santa, remind me to write "oxy acetylene torch" on my wish list this year. I want a new toy to play with.
I don't like it when girls have long nails.. :(
classic as always.
watch the company you keep not everyone wants whats best for you
Also I have to pee.
Canvassing all afternoon for affordable housing in Logan Square!
I've written 2 sketches for National Sketch Writing Month!
#SpotOnAnalysis RT My wife, walking by the TV and seeing the score: "Idiots." BK
Jamie Gold will be a bounty today at Jax WPT $560...his chips will be live so come on down and try to bust him !!!
I just hope the ticket I booked on Continental for ALA from CLE->LAX on Wednesday is not borked. LOL
nope, I'm still gross & sick. But thanks for asking :)
also can't wait for the Snowballs Film Festival on June 3rd! Episode 4 will be screening that night!
We're looking for a local #Milwaukee company to offer a complimentary website redesign. Interested? Tweet or email:
Really could have done without the picture of Amar'e's stitched up hand!!!
So, in other words...don't look at me crazy if I say hi before I blow by you ;)
If you think it's time for us to have new music, comment this status stating your favorite dessert.
My white IPhone #love and my blue earphone with smiles and my fav music. #Hair and and and other singers..
": I want one of those. Where did you order it from?"///The Obama website. Go to store.
that's crazy. How you feel? About to be in college. Which one are you going to?
Happy to know you had a great time! See u soon :)
The House Speaker claims the President wants a "blank" check. He says "The Bigger the Government the smaller the people."
Me too! :As a new reviewer e-galleys were the main reason I wanted an e-reader. Almost a professional rec.
The happiest people in this world are those who have the most interesting thoughts. - William Lyon Phelps
Learn something new each day-keep your eyes, ears and most of all your mind open.
decent band tho
of course! :) I would love to watch them! All the Mahomies would!<3
Dads in surgery for hernia hoping all goes well !!!
Haha, next week doe (:
That's hilarious. Considering it's been a few years since either that address or contact has been valid.
Am I watching ESPN Desportes?
Great chat tonite! I'm amazed & inspired every wk by the dedication and professionalism I see from this group. Proud 2b a member
i was wearing a red shirt..with white ou hat
I'm not judging cuz I'm home all dressed and waiting for it to start. Watching my reruns right now! lol
we're looking into it
I wish people looked like their personalities.
oh! I thought I was late. 6 is fine. I can run a quick errand on the way.
(cont) happy birthday to her. It would literally make her flip out and cry but in a good way. So please I beg you say(cont)
oh my god what a game go nugs
Have you seen our Organic E-Liquids? Delicious and 100% natural! Also check out our CartoBlast unit. Awesome!
yeah I regret not going lol
hittin dem sheets (:
Thank god for a beautiful day.(: Goodnight
That is if I were to meet James Franco.If you took me&he wasn't there anymore I'd just be pissed&not love you.
Thanks, Mike. The only hat I have in hand, which is the hat I use often, is my safari hat...used while gardening.
take note.... you really can't take my NBA views seriously anyways....I waste time by pulling for
There are specific steps that must be taken for artists to truly reach their potential.
You shouldn’t cheat. If the feelings aren’t there, you shouldn’t be either.
using will get people to his tweets. (Hi Brian!) still need to register
I signed up for a 5k run for the lupus foundation here in Lexington. I will be running in honor of you! (:
What a story these old walls could tell. - American Proverb
Thnx 4 listening dude! RT ..I'm loving every minute of it .. DL spittin that realness
I'm taking the day off, but send me a DM, I can give you some inside info. ;)
#YouKnowItsTheEndOfTheSchoolYearWhen Gutierrez starts wearing his Hawaiian shirts
This new track is such a banger. Can't wait to open #9FEST with it
Us too :( ": I JUST WANT TO BE OUTSIDE #internproblems"
Fox is bringing back '24' this Fall to chronicle every hour of my #twitterbinge. 24/24
she used to love tx She never didnt want to leave and when she did she wanted to come back.
We recommend following for Follow Friday
You may be 110.7 thousand km away, but you're still in my heart.
Had to make a quick appearance on twitter. I'm really trying to get better lol
download the app JunoWallet and earn $0.25 JunoCredits. Enter my Invite Code 'DX905940' when prompted.
Thank you and Welcome to all our new followers.Come on out to Elmington Park on West End 2day and get some good ol country cookin
thank you for the delicious kringle!!
I bet! Are we on your iPod? Maybe we can help you get through the day :)
Hey, Stella! Did you have a chance to read about ? I can resend the information if you need it again! Thanks! :)
thank you! :)
Thank you too! I look forward to reading your tweets!
People line up hours to get a good spot for 9:00 parade. Just wait till the 11:00 one and there's literally no one here.
Guess my boo was right all my photographers B trying to hit now lol
your wack& ugly ;)
I have no idea!!! I'm with carissa& soon to be allie! You?!
Congratulations !!!!! You win!!! What size shirt?? XL?
Do you have photos of overwhelmed bike parking? Send them our way so we can win Baltimore some bike corrals!
Is every conservative in San Diego calling into KPBS now :-)
Morning! Another day! Another opportunity to get better! Mediocrity shouldn't be an option, Greatness is mandatory!!”
hello from California. Thanks for following.
Double chocolate cake and ice cream m...m...m
#MyResolution is boring so here's a (nonviable at the moment) one: Finally move to San Fran.
The feeling of being unwanted is worse then death it's self
Just got back from Denali NP :-)
Glad to host! RT : #thinkndrink is walkable for some of you tonight -- and I know who you are. See ya at
Goodmorning to you
LOL. Lots of Advil, yes, and I was thinking a little psychoanalysis might help (of the knee of course). ;)
if a girl hit you wit the "call me maybe" #nowyouknowitsreal (y)
Boys Are Stupid, They Break Hearts And Can't Make Up Their Mind.
RT : Hating The Doors & the Grateful Dead is so easy. Go out on a limb & hate something new. You might be first at something.
To whom much is given much is required!
#Idaho: Lawmakers Consider Liquor-By-Drink Tax Vs. Licenses. Via Boise Weekly
Woke up angry! Not sure what for, but I let it go & put on my garment of praise! Determined to hold on to my Joy! & Choosing to be Happy!
Today's affirmation: I trust that the universe will always meet my needs.
word on the interweb is they are coming out with an #iPad mini
You are welcome bro!! Congrats on your first hit! And yes Baseball season is almost here!
at home wea u at
RT : Q1: What does your Chapter do to transition new leadership?
pups dropped with mom at the farm...now ready for a week of R&R and fun on vacation!
Just saw you staring at me through glass for literally 10 minutes. Check that, just a different
thanks for adding us to your Optical list. How's the weather in Indianola today?
He's back with u cuz I wuldnt go to movies. Haa.
Part of me wants to be your roommate.
Have fun tonight!
Thank you. Many blessings to you also
jajaj I can help you with it cx
Sunday is half-priced wine night in the restaurant! Come out and try some beautiful Washington reds and whites!
hahaha sorry, it's Tyler Habig . Your twitter name is a little more obvious
Dawg this traffic is blowinnnnn me. B/c I'm not high. Ha
Will you be adding playlists to the next update? That would totally make my day.
i so want to overdose myself on sushi right now.
Former California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger issued a statement confirming a Los Angeles Times report that he had fathered a child with a
Dear Companies, I want to unsubscribe from your email list. Let me do it. Don't require a password. It makes me hate you.
I don't have the patience for this, but it will be much more expensive in the morning.
HAHA! I totally freaked out when idgie started doing it. apparently, i am that overanxious mom.
We put The Who's Tommy Pinball Wizard into the Gypsy Monday night.
Intramural Volleyball Championships tonight!!!
: i haven't watched it before but there's a marathon on so i'm getting caught up :)
Absolutely!! Can't wait for you to check out the new place. And we see the JofM info in our lobby. Was that you? :-)
Get 2 good practices in first. I wish we'd get you some touches.
I'm right outside your house...
thank you! Good night!
Any #elpaso bloggers interested in a bloggers group meetup?
Yes mine too. Went down hill after 5
Well it was nice having sun for 3 days #Seattle Now it's starting to go other way. Argh!!!
Thanks for the RT! Have a great week.
Getting Excited for the Winter Season! Beat the cold and join a Skeeball league this winter!
Who is the cold, indifferent ! Co-host with Kelly?! And he's been on before? Not warm or charming.
When U.S. starts supporting Pell recipients w/ conditions required for "excellence" then u can demand it. Not til then
i think your right they are gonna be a team to be watching out for in the future.
how can i give love when love is something i've never had?
only 7 more hours of work for the week then about to go Hammah Montana
Ditto that RT Can it possibly that most amazing time of the week?!! #wineWeekend #wineOclock and #amazingweather > Trifecta
I think mad at me...but watch. she'll call back in the next 24 hrs..
Are there seriously "office oscar pools?"
Openers done and the stadium lights back on. Just realized I'm sitting neyt to a dude wearing chain mail.
and you're a richer, more beautiful person because of it. Enjoy.
sorry my tweets have been so late to you!
Ikrr the bel rang right when we got to the door but you had to pick up ur stupid hairtie geez XD
RT #FuckYouWashington For Being Too Afraid Of Corporations to Govern.
yeah haha btw my hammy is better so we need to get to the rec center soon to ball
I got my middle finger up, ask me how i feel.
Good for you, Fleep!
LOL my mom "you can plan your wedding but leave the math to me." budget? What's that?
I hope all this traffic means The Sunburnt Cow is going to be busy tonight.
We couldn't agree more! RT : Bach always lifts my spirits...one of my ORIGINAL music inspirations...
Also today is National Bagel and Lox day. That one I know how to celebrate!
ikno it's makin you feel like you have the best grade ever lmaoo
Steve Harwell of is pouring tequila down throats of audience members here at Grand Slam Charity Jam, including !
Happy Halloween Twitter Friends! Boo!
Another perfect day <3 #Goodnight :)
When faced with a challenge, look for a way, not a way out. -- David L. Weatherford
Thanks for your support!
*gasp* MORE chanterelles
Enjoy my hometown. When I go back I stay at The Hudson. Great hotel bar. An episode of Sex&the City was filmed there.
but you've been singing this all week . . ..WHY
Psych professor is talking about the Placebo Effect, I’m sitting here grinning like an idiot every time she says “Placebo”
Because it loves you
Follow us at we have got exceptional pricing and service and will match any other quote.
Thank goodness I finshed the project
Thankyou & idk I just think I need to start wearing it. omg, really? :((((((( i'll miss you so much <3 lol /:
Those pretty girls can play their game, but they're damn well gonna know my name. I'm a crazy ex-girlfriend.
I will be singing tomorrow night at the Backstage Bar following Roger Humphries RH Factor! We play from 8:00-11:00pm...hope to see you!
Our Fans/Followers get in for FREE TONIGHT! Show us on your phone/printed that you fan/follow us at the door!
There's always the real mature girl that moves her hand away while shaking hands after the game.
Why didn't anyone inform me it was the 24th! The 24th!?! Why do I pay you guys to follow me!
Can't deny that I want you, but I'll lie if I have to.
its no problem
is rocking tonight! Who was lucky enough to get a ticket to this sold out show?
W00t!! There goes my Audible credit! “: The Goliath audiobook, read by , just appeared on the iTunes store!”
And so begins the wave
Putting together details for a graphical online scavenger hunt for a free prize. Stay tuned for details,
Looking forward to hearing Nancy's take on DeVry's social efforts and impact on its brand
Wow, just saw the 3.5 min Cartier commercial during CBS Sunday Morning broadcast, beautifully done but what was the goal?
meteor shower happing
"Important mainly because of the words in the message." That's as good a criteria as any.
Decided to try and carry on my Alvarez (guitar). Got through security with no problem, just hoping Southwest will not make me gate check!
I wasn't saying it didn't. It very well may be.
Death and taxes may be inevitable, but they shouldn't be related. ~J.C. Watts, Jr.
he's about 2.
no i dont think so i dont like to watch san antonio..if that dont work out i hope the heat play the lakers im at that game
So we have a new Friday special! Have you tried it yet!?
"The Church were Love is" when you pay tithe and are drama free.
Check out Fit Physique Radio at this weekends Europa Get Fit & Sports expo...in Orlando
and that's old picture na , I just woke up at that time, haha!!:) #noMakeUp -- just bare clean face!:)
dont wanna get out of bed! but have to gotta get my day started pray the lord i get a job soon
In all honesty, even *I* wowed-out-loud when I saw it. EPIC SUPPORT RESPONSE IS EPIC.
Well bout to leave Cali missin cash in Houston!!!!
Go fly a kite, then come visit for your holiday gift shopping! Kids love books too.
Grindr is just depressing in Iron Mountain -.-
Listening to music#chris brown
Had some aweosme #SmokeyBBQ and fun with friends!!
Babies are really intense pets.
“: One more chance is better than none!” yessir!!
The Bonus Track #18, I Fux Witit... Love The Mixtape! Grind Harder Than You Did Yesterday.... LILNIGGASWAGGEREDUP
Learning twitter lessons RT Arguing on twitter is like taking your time and setting it on fire.
I'm thinking creeper means something else on your side of the pond.
This dude called a ”bangee”! Lmao
Yeah its January 4th and its after christmas but I still listen to UNDER THE MISTLETOE... so? :)
I halftime to take my act Tuesday, wendsday, and Thursday I hope I do good!!!!
Tweetdeck desktop client allows for scheduling of tweets It doesn't have Hootsuite's nice preview feature for FB posts though.
The walrus was Paul.
It's why I stopped using Groupon. Only use it at places I already buy from.
is my mom pregnant again???? oh no!!!
already follow :)
didnt get it yet...
#20topfavouritesongsever Mariah Carey/Bone Thugs - Breakdown
I will eat your children - Mike mother fuckin Tyson
Peppers In Broad Ripple Saturday Night!!!! Be There!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Lottie's is open til midnight for those with nowhere to go. Kitchen elves are off tonight, food menu is limited.
your dancing to "should I stay or should I go" made my night
Ah, gotcha! I haven't been up to that facility.
Phone dead..
Looking at all my girl scout badges reminds me there are a lot of things I was supposed to have learned how to do.
Thank you! Strappy and gray. :)
I just hope #Markakis doesnt hit himself in the head with a bat out of frustration a la Brian Roberts.
Success! Two Springsteen tix!
"we goin to the ship!"
“: How in the world am I supposed to study for precal if I have no idea what to do. #whereareyoueinstein”///tht nigga dead lol
so nasty lol love too mi amor
what a better world if everyone followed that advice.
Get some rest. ;)
hell yeah! I love mama chad!
Get the theraflu ::cough cough::
Local team chairs are selected by that team itself per event. Important to note "local" is not required to be on an event team.
This is a great post. When I saw the episode, I was horrified and repulsed by Tami's action. The ish is uncalled for.
Really San Diego? Closing off streets at 6am to prep for Mardi Gras at 6pm? What a waste of taxpayers time and money during rush hour.
John Ruskin: The imagination is never governed, it is always the ruling and divine power.
JUST GOT HOME FROM A BEACH SHOOT. WAVES KICKED ME ASS GOT MY WEAVE WET.. THANK U GOD FOR INDIAN HAIR
Andy Dalton + AJ Green = Co-Offensive Rookies of the year!! WHODEY!!!!!!!
Hi Jason, I would like to interview you on my show from Jerusalem about MLB and Baseball Canada, how can we set that up?
congrats on finishing your first feature. I will definitely be checking out your tips and sidesteping oopsies!
First time at #napolese. Kind of excited!
Cleveland is not making a good first impression on me. The airport anyway.
i'm glad you will, and I hope you like it. The first 9 parts are online as of this moment,
Pacers defeat Heat 78-75 in Game 2. The series is tied at 1-1.
I wanted to go to the mall <3
I believe it! I use my phone(s) for everything but that # *sounds* high, huh?
just received invitation to Google Wave. If you're interested, looks like I can submit a few more invitations to the beta's queue
ya I graduated in October
Just arrived at the #gwgala. Come visit the table
SxSW podcast on Echospace.org--6 museums collaborating to create a site for sharing /remixing collections & public resources: is.gd/twYO
$10 Blue Jays-125 in action
he's gonna go off “: Man skip is gonna have a field day”
Let's go San Fran!!!!
#DemonicDerek deadly things are coming for dungeons of delhi this year!!
“: So many kisses.”iIn Football?
I'm researching walkways incorporated into urban design. Anyone have an interesting example?
We cannot believe it's almost December! What's everybody looking forward to towards the end of the year?
"You've changed" No actually I think the proper term is "I've stopped trying to please you."
hey I'm here at Wilson to watch ebonis lacrosse game in case you're going too! No pressure though
Yum William Levy
Curling up with The Hunger Games in bed for like the hundredth time. Gotta get ready for FRIDAY!!! 😄😃
Perhaps, but I think the non-existence of a dome is a greater factor. I'll believe this once Chicago hosts.
This is an annual tradition we started yrs ago in our cul de sac. Kids r all grown up now but we still do it every year!
Congrats to !! I had no doubts.
it was awesome!
there are many pressing issues for Latinas and women #equality #health #mentors #access to resources
My dad is having a BBQ for my mom. Your invited!!!! Please come! You probably can't but can you follow me? And tweet back?❤
Despite getting rear-ended, overall it was a great two days in Austin.
Wow, till 11? Don't go crazy or anything!
I'd like to know if there's hope for freedom in general. Social media can come later.
we, as Milwaukeeans, continue to welcome your presence.
Pondering an Pi Day. Or as insists, Half-Tau Day. Oh yes. In other news, I now have Weebl & Bob stuck in my head.
i found it. O.M.F.G IT WAS WHEN I WAS 1SIMPSONSYMTOMS. :'O
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted
Also, I don't know about you, but I didn't assault anybody for being "different" when I was 16
#HU4L isn't even trending for The united states!! sad :'(
Reached a milestone today, first day wearing shorts in Portland.
I wish would come sing to my daughter for her first birthday. :c
FOLLOW ME RETWEET
special thank you to for speaking on The Reality of Revisions at our general meeting today!
Whoever was the idiot who got rid of the 6-sided ring in TNA WRESTLING (NOW "IMPACT WRESTLING") OUGHT TO BE FIRED!!!!!!!
what is your best show on tv?
Sometimes you get to the end of the day and all you've done is watered some plants and washed some dishes.
oh really?? I didnt know its not like i was there or anything
Hey , Will You Ever Notice Me?? I Hope So. I Love You With All My Heart & It Would Make Me The Happiest If You Followed Me(:
I've been finding it hard to fall asleep lately. I don't know if it's the stress or the hurt.
Haha, the wrong number #lol RT : #Whywouldyou give out yo number if u Dnt wanna b called?< Just 2be nice..duh!
Workout done! 
“Mother's love is peace. It need not be acquired, it need not be deserved.” - Erich Fromm
We self destructed tonight. Gotta get back in form.
Fan's might get to see that Laker's vs Heat finals this year.
man i'm so hurt right now... like people don't understand WORDS COMMUNICATION TALKING GOES A LONG WAY
so...you're just NOW getting around to following me? LOL
- AJ looking to go 4-0! We just have to make sure his personal calendar always says APRIL!
Ashlyn and her friends are now exercising with Alison... too funny
No, no, no, there will be beer served in cans with camouflage wedding date koozies that say "the hunt is over."
Hello!! follow me
a duct tape thong!
Okay night
aww it means you only live once... Lol
naaa bro, i've got the burn! You lookin' for some hot though? Cause I got it aaaalllll (;
I think ill make sure your name isn't on this paper tomorrow when I turn it in.
Can't get enough of the
You won't regret it! It's now the only printed thing I subscribe to.
Ate rocky road ice cream and dyed my hair pink.
No problem dude.
WTF is the move today?
First exciting announcement: We have a new rockin' drummer Bethany Palkie!!! :)
hey can u go follow my new GERL group we goin live with ray ray on the phone n tell people bout use go.....
Big THANKS Associates donors who make the Trinity experience possible! You are part of the celebration on Sat. when 530 process.
#DearOOMF Remember a soft answer turneth away strife.
is that shrimp?
Back to the Future's future is so much worse than our present, they still had bullies and no internet.
#DearMonday..... Why do you get here so fast... You know not to be mean, but nobody likes you!
#IfYouKnowMeWell I am a very open honest person. I havent had a question I wouldnt or couldnt answer
After scoring two hugh pp goals, the rangers fall asleep again and turn the puck over that leads to another devil goal
hope you feel better soon!
Shout out to - Banzai Sushi soon to be back on campus, available at Hatfields in the 'Lair!
subtweeting isn't cool y'all...
True, but I have a feeling that he'll start posting a lot more now...
How was the convention did you go fam?
josh is always so emotional e.o
Happy St Patrick's Day Everyone!!!
Everytime I get on facebook, I feel like I am shopping at Lowe's for bathroom updates.
DAMMIT! POTUS has ordered a review. Brave step.
This Committee doesn't have jurisdiction on taxes so we will not vote on the increased tax on alcohol, which I have discussed.
agh, ipod is restoring.. :/ great.
Mrs Beasley: I'm picking fights with Otis in bed! It's way more fun to fight than it is to sleep! Hahahahaha!!
If you're working on a gluten free story, let us know. We can help!
how'd you do today??
yayyy!! Love you too :) come see me soon!
"trying to find a peer-reviewed article on hydraulic fracturing and how it's bad for groundwater supplies" more reference action
was awesome, what a voice and a love for Jesus.
thank you :) and keep uploading your music, i look forward to more ready revolution
'University receives Goblin Trust Standard'. I'm really good at reading
San Diego! Get to right now- ms walk fundraiser w/live music & happy hr all night!
Could not ask for more beautiful weather than what we have today right here in
About to redesign my entire studio set up.
I can give a fuck about folks that aren't close.. Shiitttt.. I'm straight without yall
SOMEone has Megan on the brain... damn lol
I have some of these apps & downloaded others yesterday. Dropbox & Hootsuite a must. New to Statigram & evernote.
Almost no traffic getting out to Long Island. And almost no traffic going towards the city.
TrancenDANCE is so cool. I am thrilled to have discovered them. I will not only be back, I will be getting involved.
Bring me along..Bring me along!! Ohhhwhoaaa take me anywhere with you my girl!! Why can't it be June 15th already I'm in full Pepper mode.
ooh, i can bring in one of the many cans of ghirardelli hot cocoa mix that are tumbling around my apartment!
haha, yeah right. I'm back on top of my game. Strawberry daquri in my hand. I don't mess around! Lol
Outrageous! I am perfectly qualified to teach #DH or medieval lit with DH. I use Twitter, Hootsuite, and Zotero with Worldcat
The world is your home, and it is safe. :)
#pssst everyone #turnon your phone and try out ☺
Dude, I need to get you away from Fist-Pumpers
Something needs done re immigration. Agreed. AZ's law is terrible policy. It's racial politics, not good public policy.
Time for dinner....BBS!
Okay, I can leave work now.
Lolling at the pretty little liars ode to psycho
How was your Thanksgiving?
How's that elbow feel, Metta World Peace?
where them 412 ladies?
is such a hipster. And she just KILLED it on stage.
Patient education!! RT : T4: EDUCATION! So everyone (including executives, vendors) have same view. Agree w/
Don’t forget to stop by Sleep Experts (2701 Parker Rd) today from 6-7p for your chance to win Round Rock Express tickets!
if Juliet doesn't win the voice i'm going to scream
it is my absolute and total pleasure!!!!
Yay for dropping your phone off the second balcony at a hotel. -____- I'm really good with phones obviously.
know that, you should join one so we can spar next time you come home. I got the head gear and what not
thanks! Neither can we! Hope to see you on the 14th at the groundbreaking!
is spent! Oprah then BED :-D
We love that!
Went to the Brick Wall tonight. Had a Double Chocolate Stout. Reminded me of the chocolate stout I made B 4I tried to put cherries in it.
omg yes I'm totally down
what is the brand of the gluten free matzo? i have someone at my seder who will need that!
RT : My fierce ancestors will get me through this!
your post are funny, I enjoy them...
Honestly the pleasure is all ours, Merry Christmas to you too.
"I hate guys who are 'talkers.' You know, guys who create a fake image to make themselves look good." Girl wearing make up
The day you don't clean your room your mom goes in your room and the days your room is clean your mom never goes in there.
justin im a really big fan and love u. im always a JB support no matter what. BieberSwag for life~Kailey
shut up
SHINee are just wailing their way through this performance.
yeah, okay!
text me back stupid dime piece!
BBJ also was the Winner of the Excellence in Research award and Winner of Best Special Publication at annual ACBJ News awards! WoooHooo!
My mind is blown right now!!
WOOHOO only 3 more periods for me(:
I'm realllllyyyyy tryna play some basketball!!! Who's down????
still a little incredulous this is only my third paper of the semester
#TEAMFOLLOWBACK WHERE U AT????
i don't have dimples! or snake bites!
AH! Dexter returns with an all-new season on Sunday, September 30th at 9PM ET/PT
Why would you ever think it was a good idea to throw something at a guy on a bike? C'mon Madison, I expect better from you
Coach, Thanks a million for speaking yesterday. Hope you had as great of a time as we and our 800 guests did!
Just secured Hamptons on King for Thursday night bar sponsor! The perfect patio for us!!!
Question for guys: Which is worst your spouse telling you about the sex they use to have w/ someone or meeting someone your spouse dated?
Life is too short to wake up with regrets. So love the people who treat you right & stop stressing about the ones who don't.
I'm loving the fact that this year's #fantasydraft league is just PPVs. Scoring every #RAW and #SmackDown was a major drag.
What up tonite
Build your very own buyers list. You should learn as much information on them as possible.
: you're both right on. more disappointed than annoyed. i can live with all kinds of imperfection, in order to connect.
Just got thru w/ my last bit of homework for the night smh.... feels like I been doin hw all day.!
I do
I think that tingling feeling you get when you really have to pee feels kinda nice... Until it starts to burn....
miss you babe! I hope you're having tons of fun!
The spurs need to take a team trip to the Barbershop.
Thanks Kyle!
can't wait to see you!!! Happy Birthday again booski!
When did you meet Alex for the first time?!?!? ;)
So many amazing things going on this weekend!! #BrewCrew #DCFM #WIfilmfest #IsthmusGreenDay with #MarkBittman and hopefully some sunshine.
Good morning! It’s 7 am in #Chicago on 'Abdu'l-Bahá's 22nd day in America. The city is enveloped in fog and mist.
yeah, who thought we'd have girls in bikinis on the twitterfall?!!?!
other peeps almost as good as bacon
so if i only put ur name can others see it
Playing @ Hotel Indigo off West End @ 7:30 with and Eli Rhodes.... Come Hang With Us!!!
Ten more minutes! I wish the Speech and Debate was still on. The thought of it was what got me through this week.
The only difference between the saint and the sinner is that every saint has a past, and every sinner has a future.
had a blast wit u lastnite & still remaining champ Da knockout king AH GOO-NIGHT! GO TO SLEEP n he did ! ;) lmfao
My 5 year old daughter just fell in love with a 67 camaro with dual exhaust. Her eyes twinkled and she was drooling.
Sweet! so glad you're staying a Colt :) Congratulations 98
I love how in You Da One says "Gold Coast" and after that he says "it's my home. I love it"
. Vote for jobs, schools, and small businesses—vote for the American Jobs Act.
Post photos on Facebook! Quotes are now in photo format. From
I don't even know what that means. No one knows, but it's provocative...
Do you have a lighter? No but really do you have a lighter? Thats real talk
Lmfao ! Shut up !
Everything is urgent cause all we got is now!
hey man. we gotta band together in tough times. be strong, mane. be strong
he was solid. Him & Jess were the best.
HAHAHHAHAHAA. no :P
is a coward!
No I'm not lucky, I'm blessed..yes.
good morning, muncie. you're looking quite awful. let's get today over with shall we?
Thanks! I am blessed and have a pretty awesome bunch taking care of me... “: Feel better!!”
I have reached new dork status. I now have the TARDIS takeoff as my text message alert. I LOVE IT!!!
Thanks Tanya! And thanks for the twitter love! Miss ya!
What's that at the bottom of the pool...
Thanks for sharing our Single Arm Plank Core Video. We appreciate your FXFITVID workout video of the week!
thanks for clearing that up. never knew what the h that was about.
Haha stephen has a brand new show and I'm producing it. We're looking for a co-host. DM for details
All too often during PO's, especially after games like G2, things get heated. Good job all around thus far
where's the bottom of this damn twitter page? can't...stop...scrolling...down......why...won't...it...end?
I can hook you up with the recruiter on my team working that one.
video games or baseball field
Hey, I've got 2 stellar.io invites... Holla if you want one.
ha ha with that sort of invite!! Of Course!! :-)
Justin is my rauhl model. And no, I didn't just spell "role" wrong.
We look for something and ask everyone around to help only to find that it was in your hand the whole time.
Mary Kay trusted global name in skin care, makeup & body Beauty advice, makeup trends, virtual makeover & business opportunity
Follow today. Let's start a trend.
Watching a movie with my boyfriend & brother in-law :-)
Thanks so much! If the show gets crazy let's connect after. I'll tell Haseeb to keep an eye out for you though.
A$AP
have a blessed & productive day everyone!!
Ooh, I loved "Lobster." What do you think of it so far? He really captures the locale.
Waiting for s good morning tweet :D
You're very welcome. :O) LOL.
I see plenty every winter
WATCH MISFITS! omg best show ever
I love days that piss me off before 10am.
RT A friendly reminder that our 20% discount for Water St. classes ends on Monday. Register to save $!www.danceworksmke.org
you went for the #Doritos taco didn't you?
<3 You're amazing(:
Everyone deserves the opportunity to be educated up to their best ability
Gem this week: Client asked if I "understood English"
Distance means nothing when you are so deeply in love with someone.
Friday Food Pairing (Alberta St. edition): Rice balls from YOGIO food cart and sencha green tea. Our favorite combo at the teahouse!
RT : let me treat you to the fine things in life
My b-day is in 15 days yay. ♥☺
LOL, dude that's cool. ": my mom thinks that if she leaves food at my desk randomly that I'll just eat it. What am I, a stray cat?"
Koreo Workz: Battle Tactix this saturday has been POSTPONED!!! Please spread the word.
Night with my boy. <3
Their new song "Free" is a revelation!
I worry whether God hears my prayers or not. I cry teardrops of my worries. I am careful and carefree...
True improvement is not mastering others, but mastering your prior self (a good quote the source of which I wish I had!)
Awww thanks, love. I needed that.
Truth! RT : The Mets lost BUT Lucas Duda had two hits.
Happy, Happy Birthday! Are you enjoying your time off?
RT : "God is for you! God is for you! God is for you! God is for you! God is for you!"
TRAK Records and Library is seeking a Records Specialist in the NYC office of an international law firm. The Specialist will assist with t…
Working my way through the JCC San Francisco records. Always asking, "Is it enough? Is it enough? If so, stop! and move on.
so tell me why i saw tyreese at the mall
nessa is making me stay with her in the salon! Ah!
I think a few of my followers are drunk. All of these tweets definitely are out the ordinary for them. Even this late at night.
Hi! I hope your day is going great! One direction Rocks! Whats your favorite 1D song?! xoxo Claudia Lee
Have you entered to win? Click www.facebook.com/visitAlbuquerque and 'Like'.
Here comes the complaining...RT : This Spurs series is beyond boring....
Yeah, it's really fun!
Hey Steven boy you might have me believing i don't always have to be alone. #heystephen loling
If you have an hour, will you not improve that hour, instead of idling it away?Lord Chesterfield
Drink green tea all the time now
Feta comes from Goat?! 😝 eek. It was my favorite.
Oh, and if you get a chance? Stop into Bouchon for breakfast or brunch and order their beignets. Best baked good I've ever had.
Thanks so much have a great weekend!
“: RT if you will be single for Christmas.” Idk?? Maybe?? Hopefully not ;)
Somebody come bring me food. I'd like that.
Good to follow one another on twitter.
so you actually live in Canada?
Good morning! Tonight I'm at Laugh Lounge 8:30
I'm so blessed that i have great friends and family
“: When #MattBarnes retires from the #NBA he can always go back to show biz singing with the fam in DeBARGE” hahahahahahahahah
@ the B Center
re the opening #mcn2011 reception, instructions in the handouts said take MARTA north to midtown. 1 block east.
We enjoy your tweets! RT : Thanks for the #FF!
Good luck! : It's official... I'll either wow and amaze, or bring your rotten tomatoes. Either way, should be fun.
benefits of exceptional customer experience are clear: 400% higher conv, 41% lower cart abandon, 17% more recos
DID YOU KNOW SHES SO FAT THAT SHE CANT RUN?
we'll we definitely have to get a beer, well be in Germany! ha! Gabe's working on his speeches right now. See you there! :-D
Thank you & for standing up for women today. When discussing women's health, our voices deserve to be heard.
Only 6 days away! We will see you in Denver, check these exhibitors out -
has a decision to make. And too much homework.
GARAGE SALE! Teays valley meadows (greystone lane) I made the sign so you have to come :D
Oakland intersections taken over smoke being seen in the streets 1000s marching marchers masking up ..
Thanks guys! stoked to hear your new stuff.
I've been wondering this too! Let me know what you hear about
Here's something else nerdy. Saw Chris Kimball today..in person..he glared.
Retin-A? Did u know that it takes down your PH balance leaving your skin vulnerable to the environment Use DNA’s all natural Super Vitamin A
any plans to enable for iPad to work with ? The streamlined typing would be the icing on the cake!
Wake up Macon. Ya boy is on Pio Nono.
Thank you for the RT!
Don’t dwell Concentrate on the React with Purpose Make shift Your posture should be Lift and squeeze Inhale Release Grip harder Turn off the
I think this made my morning!
it's all a game of shuffling money around.
What kind of salad have the "Wiggles" made famous? At least to kids anyways...
First time on twitter
Cirque du soleil rules ... pardon my french
Thank you! And I see we are both alumns of Va. I graduated an EngLit/Art major in the 90s. How did you like the MFA program?
SEXY Sundays at The Place with the DollHouse DJ's
Come on Arkansas!
no way! that's awesome!!!!!
really good! Less flash thankfully and I'm really loving liza weil (aka paris geller)! Also still lovin Columbus Short
Do you wanna look 10 years older than u are? do u want your face to be all wrinkley? well if u dont stop smoking fool. -___-
time to crack open the long underwear and snow sleds! Come up one day and we'll show u how it's done, wisco style ; )
Is that regular or diet soda?
Only thing that could make this traffic tolerable was Ax pulling off the W & lookin at the next car to see hes cheering with me
Out for a long run around the lakes in the steamy heat now that the rain has stopped in
I don't understand how people can just use someone for everything and then when the going gets rough they leave? Well fuck you too!!!
Mark your calendars for January 15-31, 2012! Stay tuned for exciting announcements to come!
On a personal note - I noticed the off aroma/flavors about a month ago. Had a strange sourness w/ a vinegar-y note too.
To market, to market to buy healthy eats. Home again, home again, to cook healthy treats.
IM PUTTIN ONE TOGETHER CALLED #SPACESHIPSBITCHES🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Nothing but good things in 2012 family!
John T Marohn I think the impact of the arts has been underestimated as a positive economic force in US
The politics is interesting but Tom Hanks looking for statues and stuff seems pretty far fetched and useless
voice: trustees should be looked at as allies. they are *in* the community and want the university involved in external work.
Treat yourself to luxury!!! Check out our amazing Memory Foam Mattresses!
Love is blind , but it can sure find it's way through the dark !
Well How Do You Know I Can Go Unless You Ask Her!
love ur hair!(:
DON'T FOCUS ON THEM JUSTIN YOU HAVE PLENTY OF FANS WHO LOVE YOU DONT FOCUS ON THE ONES WHO DON'T.
YO HOMIE,GO AHEAD AND CLICK THE FOLLOW BUTTON(;
Happy Peanut Butter Lover's Month!
way to tell us you got the job. Congrats! I'm buying you a drink this week
Eradicating CROWN first tackles from football since 1997. HELMET-FREE-TACKLE Certification. The ONLY science of tackling safety on earth.
Can we do this again soon please?! Miss you. xo
"we have to become an idea capital" #dwntwnmiami "
You would fit in well then, Haha.
going to bed :)night
you've been saying that as long as i've known you
#infsum IJ on iPhone with Stanza = perfect! Footnote links work (even FN24) AND a built in dictionary. Thanks &
Hii (= CAN YOU FOLLOW ME PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE!!!!!!!!!! I LOVE YOU!
honestly. Not at dhs
Ha! Addicts recognize other addicts. :-) RT : Stop tweeting about me!
Tomm. night 6-8PM 405 in B-more: Closing reception for "Units of Measure" featuring FIVE mica alumni from '75, '86, '06 and '09
I go into the living room and Adrienne's watching The Nigthmare on Elm Street..I haven't watched this since I was 5..it traumatized me. o.o
Happy Mothers Day!! At church in Orange County :)
Swing your diamond sword Toby!!!!!!!
haha whatever bro...
I am so overstuffed...in the best possible way. Mini muffins FTW! RT : brunch w/ !
yes, It is a hard feat to accomplish good depressing playlist, only when the suns out though. when the moons up party music.
that was interesting :)
hi can u follow me? plz
Breaking News! North Korean Leader Kim Jong Il is reported to have died.
That was such a tough lost...and on our HOMECOMING!!
sorry baby I love you
I care most about reading the tweets of those I follow, yet I still look at my number of followers b4 I read their tweets. #HumanNature ?
I've just tweeted for the fan vid,but I tweeted from my personal account , look at my tweets and you'll see :)
Nas is SO lucky for that video smh
In eating cookies for breakfast cause I don't give a f**k!
thanks for following! I look forward to your tweets as well!
The Thin Red Line : A Coming of Age Tale
Biz ideas for grad school apps. So far Analog Chat Roullette is my no. 1 goldmine.
buttery nipples
The #Christian on his Knees sees more than the world on its tiptoes
this is one of the reasons that NIH requires recipients make their work publicly available! Very important.
Torrid is the way to go then! But girl....you haven't seen my junk haha
yes ma'am. literally i keep getting distracted and bored. i would rather stare at a wall. but i need to get it done...
So I never actually am alone, I just always feel alone.
hard wrkn day of music
Aaight, that's fine cause I was Cheating on you Anyway ..
Freaky Ree Ree just said she can't wait to get to work 2 check u! Just letting u know!
They call mens socks "no show" & womens "booties"...guys you're wearing booties!..You must know it that's why you don't want it to show! lol
Just emailed Chiles to schedule my private lesson - eek!
Ugh we are 3 hours in...maybe I will be home by morning...maybe
Watching "The Ed Show" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Watching a romantic movie and getting pissed off about your non-existent love life.
I have nothing to say. However I hope you all had a fantastic day :)
whaaaaaa!? What happened to next Thursday!?
see you tonight man.
HIT ME UP ON FACEBOOK.COM WILLIAM COTTON
Sadie is trying to speak
Why did Shorty take a hoodie pic for her AVI? I think that might be the last straw.
RT : This Bucs defense is so bad, Sarah Palin is able to see all the open receivers from her house in Alaska.
There is a special place in hell reserved for people who "reply all" to emails they shouldn't.
Wonderful hot day to see the cherry blossoms in DC, because there will be rain (as usual) on Saturday and Sunday.
Late night cravings... But it's only 10...
Me too! TODAY is all "kids & FB misuse thse days! Why do they friend coworkers but not list employers? Don't they care abt wk?"
ez game sir
Well done! RT : HUGE! Sen. Reid postpones #PIPA vote. Congrats Internet (for now, anyway)! No statement yet.
thank you. :)
Great soundcheck for tonight, see you at all Paul Hall at 8! Don't forget to check in on #foursquare for merch specials.
I wish "nap" was a class they offered in college. I'd ace it :-)
tommorrow is #trainthursday When u go 2 train museum & show ur tic get free kids scoop w/adult scoop purchase
Point well taken.
Happy early Mother's Day to
HAHA!! SOME PEOPLE MAKE ME LAUGH THEY JUST DON'T KNOW WHEN TO STOP! AH WELL THEY WILL LEARN WHEN THE TIME COMES ITS THE WRONG THING TO DO T…
I just spent the last hour on tumblr. #productive ? I think so!
Lol too much work !
Thanks to for making our #rde12 a tight ship
I'm throwin' a party, y'all invited TB! Lol Birthday Cake For Breezy.
omg, how?
“: #musepub2012 Davis outlines data and downloads of articles on Muse Fascinating longevity of humanities articles
HAPPY GET SOME PIE DAY!
BTW, Bev, our owner, raves about Cueva! Just looked at your menu.. Plantain crackers and goat cheese?! Sign me up! -Kerri
Can't wait for lunch so I can be with my friends :-)
I'm making an Alka-Seltzer nighttime cocktail. Here's to getting some sleep ... and hopefully the ability to breathe through both nostrils.
seems to be in a great mood today and is tweeting a lot. Makes me happy to see you happy, love. <3
Hey! It was a pleasure sharing the stage with you last night. Hope to play together again soon!
Tim Tebow, the most famous white Bronco since OJ's car.
Ask about the vegetarian scotch eggs they sometimes have. Very unexpected.
I'm Jessica. :)
Rakim aka blueprint of your favorite rapper
God I'm procrastinating. RT : "You know what this classical music could use? Leaping!" – Inventor of ballet
#Bee venom has anti-inflammatory qualities and has been an ancient remedy for #arthritis relief if the person is not allergic.
Left-handed people are better at sports that require good spatial judgment and fast reaction, compared to right-handed individuals.
I wish that I can have this moment for life. And, in this moment I just feel so alive.
Yes, mild and over the top coverage but my concern is was this the start of something? Colorado and now East Coast?
Amen RT : Loyalty is a must
Beethoven who was a coffee lover, was so particular about his coffee that he always counted 60 beans each cup when he prepared his brew.
Omg. makes me do frustrated.
On my way to work to sell amazing vacations!
#2BeHonest i hate your guts and i don't want to be friends anymore...
lower space access costs- Step 1- Manufacture your fuels from space, deliver to Earth and radically cheapen rocket fuels
We learned so much this week with ! If you couldn't make it tonight, don't worry! Same time next week: 8:30 for Animated HipHop!
Diving in to #googlerefine today. Messy expense data. Delicious.
: "Poverty highest it's been in 50 years, we must lower it by empowering #entrepreneurs."
awww ! that is so sweet :) yeah sleep probably is an issue :) are you working a lot too?
~I hate u couldn't make it n~sry-maybe next year u can make it over here ;)
creeping? i think so :P
love the pic. My favorite pics of my babies are of those cute little toes! They grow so fast, enjoy every second. Congrats
Looks beautiful!
I once kissed Justin but his lips tasted like posters for some reason. I wonder why.
Matt Leinhart will never be a starting qb ever again! mark my word!
hey you won't believe it but my work tweet account is followed by Adama himself Edwards J Olmos :)
We love creating POTent, Yummy edibles for patients to cope with what ails them. Spreading the feel-good all for you!
Greetings from the equator! <3
omg I miss you so much! YES! we need to hang out like asap <3 I miss all our stupid shit we use to do ;(
Thanks for RTs & mentions: Policy Webcasts,
yeah I was shocked it is gonna be great finale
Lmao Yeahh guess it is.. xP
#20ReasonsWhyWeLoveDemi 7.her voice 8. Her music 9. Her journey 10. She doesn't care what people think 11. Down to earth
what do you mean *going* to form? mwah ha ha ha.
I have no energy for foolishness...
like what...?
Thanks for coming down! Glad you had a good time. Hope to see you soon!
Pretty good up until these 3 long papers were due
That sounds lovely. (tea, not coffee, tho)
haha ik bc people tweet about stupid stuff like I don't need to know everytime some1 is eating lol
haha thanks ;p
That sounds awesome, gotta tell my friends to check that out!
might go to sens rangers in a week and a half.
Going to Nashville w/ & for the #Blackhawks - #Preds game! Just booked my flight with
LOOK FOR YOUR 3 LITTLE BIRDS HAIRSPIRATIONS ON THE RUNWAY! TRIPLE YOUR PLEASURE TRIPLE YOUR FUN WE'RE GONNA ROCK IT 3 NIGHTS NOT JUST ONE!
all you have to do is download it! No strings attached! :-) The link takes you to the Alphabet book, right?
Nice to meet you! Can't wait to cook Indian food from your kits.
but Harry needs to come back to new york so I can see him again..
Thank you!
I hear you, just wanna get it done! lol.
watching #BigEasyJustice on spike tv this show tweaking me out....
Today is just one of them days.
I wanna go back to bed ^.^
thanks! you to and your welcome
Very interesting. I will never view asterisks the same again.
Oh, yaaay you actually got a Twitter finally? hahah.
thanks Melanie RT : Nice photo Ankur
That is a total copy of a site I made for NIH in 2003.
Nationals scoreless in first 3 innings.
The name Gabriella doesn't fit me. -.-'
We aren't? What are we then?
What time is Thursday's Ales from the Vault event for #ACBW?
#valentinesday will yet again be with and for myself!!! Which is just fine, think I might send love bombs to friends tho!!!!
Surprise surprise I have a cold, dont worry, I got the remedy. Improv on a Saturday morning ;)
Follow my friend he needs followers
I don't know who you are lol
Dreaming but dreams come true too... Jammin out at fire pit, that would be bad ass!
woop woop!! I'm so ready for this weekend!!! were gonna have so much fun
headed in door now
let's get weird tonight. who wants to drink? (:
All IU has 2 worry about is recent probation/Bobby Knight's shame & sucking for all these years.
Favorite MLB team = Milwaukee Brewers
how hot is Leslie Fraziers seat?
If kids irritate u so much, y didn't u use protection...dummy
whoa thats awesome
#np don't stop believin'. one of the many songs about me and We always tell each other to never, ever give up. #bestrong :D
yes please! What time are you free?
when i kum to atl whur kan i c u/r kan i pay u to be in my video shoot?
“ “ actually it's the Miami marlins in marlins park #JustSayin””
Things are good. Working on my next drum cover and saving money for an acoustic kit. How about you?
any chance fb deals coming back? I think there is an incredible way to turn the groupon model on its head
No way....Trotz master psychological motivator, knows he needs them next round, believes #preds can beat #coyotes w/out them.
I collected blood from all the Poppe family during Easter break. Some willingly!
performing this Sunday Dec 18 at Clayton County International Park & Stadium for the Festival of Trees and Lights!
Did you get iced?!
Gotta pull that race card to get their attention sometimes lol
Just spotted an Indiana fan at the casino... If looks could kill...LOL
please follow me! or promo me! make my day!!! thanks bud <3 XD
Same here. And if I have to take algebra again I'm going to be pissed.
Is at the Rathskeller learning about Globus tours and Avalon river cruises.
Thank you for a great session!
The Pirates used 3 players at 1B today with a combined 29 years of MLB experience. In those 29 years, those 3 players played 49 games at 1B.
Obama on Leno tonight. Mistake or genius. Hm.
Jessica Sanchez- In the finale!! #iamecstatic :D
If she cook for you, she a keeper!
Rihanna can be as sexually suggestive as she wants because she's not using sex to trick minors into buying her records.
please follow she is you biggest fan!100
Without money there is no motivation
Getting excited about the #bachelor! We DVR and start it late so we can skip commercials, but that also means joining the Twitterverse late.
How are you?:)
I thank God upon waking as a matter of habit and I try to remember every day and at every moment as a matter of practice. SR
alas, Internet woes. The hashtag #swsterling seemed pretty good. Another annual great end of show rant.
Well I guess since my 16th birthday was in august almost 2 years ago...I should really get on that driving thing....
new EP on is very good 4 your <3
You can't love somebody until you love you; so when you love somebody you know what to do.
Tip 1: If you are met in person, just make sure that you will be meeting in a public place.
What's the best way to cut weight, fighters?
Landed first role of the year, got a new agent...I like how this year is starting out
Does it break the restraining order if you’re looking at them through a telescope
This bitch is so fuckin loud -__- it's 7:19 am
Agreed. Good times at
Wonder what Warhol would have thought of my watching #empirefilm via tweets.
no problem.. i miss you a lott :( <3
I feel sorry for people who don't drink. When they wake up in the morning, that's as good as they're going to feel all day.
PR Tip: If u want your story on TV, think visually! If ur pictures are good they’ll end up on TV or the front page of the paper for sure!
... How u doin today.. Just wanted to let u know u have some sexy eyes
you've hit me enough times to make me think you quit smoking everyday I've seen you.
we get some rich people in the knobs!
Cozy up & enjoy the holiday rain in SD this wknd! Help my friends at The Grandparents Connection www.grandparentsconnection.org! Thanks!
Yeah, I probably am - what's the use of hating on him if I don't hate on his fans? C'mon son, you know.....
book maker or book marking site?
One yummy, scruffy Alaska man but married :( at the gym tonight (sad) but doesn't hurt to look.
*clears throat* UR camera???
you still know my coffee habits -- ex roommate point for you.
Can everyone tell me which road they are taking out of #obx so I can take the other?
RT “: Keep others in suspended terror: cultivate an air of unpredictability.”
NWST: Brandon Roy on retirement, #Mariners vs #Tigers, Josh Hamilton history, Shawn McWashington talkin' football 930
RT : What a game. Tied...only 4 teams have ever won a playoff game with 6 fumbles and hasn't happened since 1979.
Shelby! You are pretty. :)
that one I have on a wish list. If you haven't read playing with fire. It is pretty good. Blow, sex, hockey...
Well I guess I'll have to go then. Where is it?
One's character can be broken...but once damaged...it is never repaired...GUARD IT WITH ALL YOU HAVE!
Audition time!
"No excuses no apologies!!!"
When did the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade get so gay?
I am #thankful for everything and everyone in my life.
#Sabres go on off-season spending spree & 6 months later they are idiots. #Bills go on off-season spending spree and ....
is there a way to subscribe?
what up K. Guess who's BACK!!!
nice, I look forward to it.
Thank you , awesome event! RT BIG thank you to everyone that came to #techli inagural TTO event tonight- great time, great...
Being sick 👎 ugh.
Handyman work outside today! Sun, rain, hail, sun, hail rain, clouds and on and on, but I loved it. OUTSIDE!
Imagine an office where, just because one knows what typing is, one assumes that they're a professional. That's how the music business is.
Yea me too! And I honestly tried, I even went and stayed a week with him so God saw my efforts and now I'm done!
Aw! Thank you!!! That is very nice. Every1 has their own path & I like relationship books but they're not the law! Lol
If Carlos's ice cream social wasn't at 5:30 lord knows I wouldn't be driving to work right now
#250gas would be nice hell $3.00 gas would be great
Hahaha it's all good ma
Start 2 of these 3 (non-ppr): Tolbert, Starks, V Jackson. I lead the league in points, but am 5-5 and in danger. Help!
I can't control myself!!! It's birthday!! Happy birthday friend!!
Omg!Thanks for following me!(: <3
Cory Garcia for the win! Slinging Ink at Big Star Bar.
Some ppl just can't pull off Toms
finally got a stream up & running again
um.... I think we got the memo, mark.
Forgot an f in that last tweet... Whoops
shopping for #yoga wear is extremely disheartening. these models' "poses" are insane.
My ears are still ringing... :(
of course! thank you. :)
omg there was so much mindfuckery in that tweet
OMGoodness, we talk about need and want ALOT in this house especially if you didn't want it, you wouldn't be upset right now
Wet snow is slowly starting to stick in some areas of town. Steady moisture seems likely for next few hours. Oh boy.
Good morning Twitterverse! How are you today?
Just bought "World of Geekcraft," which looks to be an awesome book. Particularly excited to try the cylon hoodie craft!
Oh Yeah!! - Boston takes Best Chef Northeast - Congrats Tim Cushman from o ya -
I want my lip pierced.
hey look at my tweets follow me bchjnbcxdghjutedsxcfbnm
girl, you have no idea
I'm no gate keeper, get after it
I'm watching it on netflix haha
take me! Lol
my heart is broken
thanks so much! i feel very honored!
“The look of love was in her eyes … as she gazed longingly at the Ralph Lauren Handbag”. ~ Funny Facts Finder ~Hope you having great Sunday!
Under the Mistletoe is going to blow up Itunes!!!!!!!!!!
more frivolous patent lawsuits?
you have a new book coming out? I hope you start advocating some anti capitalist stuff. And I hope there are ideas for new economy
“Ambition is like love, impatient both of delays and rivals.”
tit for tat, my friend!
Free throw and turnover struggles continue. Ron Nored with two missed free throws and the Bulldogs with 4 turnovers just four minutes in.
If runs in your tights were #trendy , I would own the runway. How did you not see this situation when I left 2974 hook this AM?
S/O to Good luck in the mayoral race..
Add Peanut Butter M & M's to add more protein :)P
Paula Dean on Top Chef: I put it in my mouth expecting to taste one thing, and I got something totally different.
But I thought the Israeli government warned all the Jews to get out!
Oh hi ya hot slut!
#BeforeIdie I want to take heroic measures to save someone's life.
me too, once she picked up, i was like oh shit, wrong number, lolz
how much longer are you in Seattle?
RT Shuttle service (sponsored by ) today runs from 7am - 6pm. See pg25 of #alamw12 Program for details.
Haha I know. I've never done a "that guy" tweet until today. And right, I forgot that you must smell of rainbows and sunshine.
i really be on my LostKen shit
Also there's no Denver cnxtion to story. The pilot's from Houston. So why is a story like this in the 1st 10 min of nonstop news in Denver?
Sixers gone win this series
well at least you're honest.
I've never seen such a cute smile till i saw yours <3
Thank you for bringing out the evil in me b****
Where can I get authentic Italian meal in San Diego?
Heading to for a shift with
It would be nice 4 if were Prez; Then he could spend all his obstruction time on golf/tanning instead.
You're so going to regret it
Oh hush
Need another reason to drink at Burnhearts tomorrow night? Yum Yum will be parking outside w/ falafel & more! Good beer + good food! 7pm
What's good Twitter?!
Morning, Ron.
Pinterest and other designer apps that inspire - Chicago Tribune
so epic I assume?
Innovation is the ability to see change as an opportunity
I want s'mores.
Congratulations to Paul Pierce for passing Larry Bird and becoming the #Celtics 2nd All-Time Leading Scorer
Also featuring some new faces from Miller Park, a UW track star eyeing the Olympics, and two high school teams in Appleton doing good things
The selection of is unreal. I especially like the one of a kind PRS in Dave's private collection upstairs.
Which is better #thevoice or #DWTS??
“: I am having the worst luck today. #fml” LOL awkward moments at the movie theatre
Remember, Memphis' own Irish Pub The Brass Door invites #FAI12 artists to come play any time during the conference! 152 Madison, after 10pm!
Heat's Bosh leaves Game 1 with groin injury
Beautiful - congrats on her graduation!
Dear Erin, whose boyfriend lives in the Haight - sorry for pretending to recognize you today. I think it was the running attire?
great #mobility conversation today Autom, w/ multiple Geofence definitions :) great to see at
All #fabrics are not created equal.That's why our technicians are trained to know which cleaning method best fits your upholstery.
“: Being overly addicted to saying "Help me, I'm poor" , all thanks to Bridesmaids.”
#ipad snap shield cracked after less than a week
New feature! Now using your OpenSpace account, you can log in and request OpenSpace Amenities, such as a locker or a parking space!
Who out chea fuckin wit me.. huh tell me that?... Im bout 2 drop that shit... where my pamper at?!
Thank you for helping us spread the word.
Old people in go karts, my life is made:D
EA Sports running a Holiday sale on many of their games for the IPhone and IPad, $.99 per game
"initial adrenalin boost is gone" - could very well summarize the long term fate of the Timbers in my opinion.
NBA draft night #BrooklynNets new logo will be unveiled… Jay-Z really moved the #Nets to Brooklyn
Aww man, I was looking forward to seeing you last night at Jane Friedman's! :(
wait. Me or kayden?
Just heard some guy tell his son that "littler" is not a word. Why not? Jerk.
My #NewYorkKnicks have not won a playoff game since 2001, which makes me understand why rooting for the Knicks frequently seems futile.
BEARS GOT BRANDON MARSHALL!!! IT'S OVER #SuperBowlShuffle #CuttyGoesDeep Amazing start just 10 minutes in Free Agency!
Lol, Here's to the night...
All panties are edible if you're hungry enough.
Snl needs to burn that last bit that Eli did!!!
I just got them on Saturday, so today's their first day at home alone while my roommate and I are at work. O_o And hi!
adult pics? Like posing paying bills, going to work, grocery shopping & parent-teacher meetings?
Thank you! :) Happy New Year!
Wealth is the ability to fully experience life. -Henry David Thoreau
“: woodford sun has never needed a cartoonist”
Whether you’re hot & spicy or sweet & savory ABX has the sauce for you!
Thanks for the hugs and you made yesterday special : )
She was Simone in FBDO : I bet Kristy Swanson's biggest regret in life is Flowers in the Attic. Second to Dude Where's My Car
don't hate!
Of course it was a good entry.....you need to respect your elders!
nice piece - thanks Jill !
Dan, My understanding is that it romanticizes the Playboy franchise.
NM Book Coop: "We've had a bunch of emails recently on ebooks not selling...with a million ebooks out, buyers must be driven to your book"
Feels good to be home :)
Forgiveness is a funny thing. It warms the heart and cools the sting. ~ William Arthur Ward
Yeah, I taught Lucroy everything he knows
A third party seller hijacked the main buying option, but Amazon has it for $9.99, new, from them.
Can't wait for this Tuesday's #BTTR!Every week is so much fun!Come sling some sammies w/ us. NE 127 st & US1.Say hi to too :)
“: #Twins GM Terry Ryan has an interest in bringing back Matt Capps. What would be a fair price?” can he pay us?
I love having my own couch in my room. I can just crash on it and watch tv in comfort
Vagina jokes aren't funny, period. Cripple jokes aren't funny, I can't stand them. 9/11 jokes aren't funny, they're just plane wrong.
Out by the pool
Reading Agatha Christie's Death on the Nile, and envious of the aristocratic Brits who can pop off to Egypt on a whim.
Your worst enemy cannot harm you as much as your own unguarded thoughts.
awww I love you Kim, thanks for the skittles, hugs and kisses
I can't wait for Kate Boka to teach tonight at the Wright Way Master Classes Broadway audition seminar - Las Vegas!
Today I feel like a tampon. In a good place... at the wrong time.
RS' 'beast of burden' will always make me jive
Dunkin: I thought, & retirees calling me think, AFSCME leadership at table for them. How do retirees who planned for these benefits live?
flipped to 1sttake, i thought espn checked their story before reporting n commentating on it ...... oh
#Feltdown is trending on twitter in PDX tnite. It was crazy to see so many facepalmings in unison.
That was part of my pastor's sermon today.
I just ate a salad... it was delicious... and the highlight of my day.
Also, the Feds are reading My FOIA contained a few passages written by him, as well.
what reality shows do you like? love? HATE? tell me ---
Your vagina is raided E for everyone! Funniest thing I've heard today.
just listened to your songs on your site- Great voice!
This might be the best year in movies since ... As long as I can remember
sometimes just to drink tea with my mother and chat, much better than drinking spree with friends
": Larry Flynt just said "Having sex with a condom on is like jerking off with a glove. Who does that?" No me
I bet you're right :P
New show booked Jan 28 at Clicks in Baton Rouge with our good friends Face to Fate.
I am so glad I didn't drink last night or this morning would be ten times worse.
LeBron James finishes with 28 points, 9 rebounds, 6 steals, 5 assists, 2 TOs and 0 fouls. But #haters only SAW the missed FT
Oh. Hello Um. I really really like you.
Lorne House Eleven » Blog Archive » Making money with Foreign ...
beautiful day outside. productive work day. Girls date with my favorite 7 year old.
Thanks for the interview today Looking forward to the story tomorrow at 5!!
i've been but i get girl respect alot but im still single which im alright wit anyway
How is the Big 12 not looking at BYU and Boise right now?
The venting convo I had with made me realize how much I'm gonna miss playing with him.
tweet me. online.
Sexy shades to match your S E X Y face<33
Had hockey last night, and hit the gym this morning with I'm a bad m'fr.
why can't I ever have neighbors that play music I like. This bass and drum beat is atrocious.
Haha i know!
"no you're not." "I smell like a duck."
that sounds lovely. We're nesting also - getting new bathroom tile this week, and busier than I could have ever hoped for! :/
its not as rare as you think. Happens all the time
Martha Coven from OMB talking about the irresponsibly of the Republican budget proposal. Love it.
Roses are red,Violets are blue. You love her, but I love you.
I am in an odd mood. This tweet brought to you by the letter "e" for exhaustion and "s" for stress.
Caretakers! Take a break, call a friend, meet for coffee or better yet WINE- connect! Thanks Elaine for a fun girl's night!!!
Looks like Bosh will miss the remainder of the Heat/Pacers series... #HeatGang ???
Or go to nature and take mushrooms.
hi hun how are you?
I know, I am really hoping for no flight delays!
Good point. I could give one shit but not two.
Action always beats inaction. - Chad Timothy
Ah, yes, soo true, the 1, 2 punch! Doing great! Just had a leisurely breakfast with my hubby.
It's easier to go down a hill than up it but the view is much better at the top. - Henry Ward Beecher
Let us know if you need a concierge service while you're out in Vegas!!
I personally don't think that Tom Cruise is a good actor.
RT : failure is just victory practice, and practice makes perfect heh heh :|
Now your just somebody that I ust to know
how was the draft
smh I hate that with a passion lol
On pretty days like this I wish I worked outside! I'm very excited to hit the park for lunch. Grab a couple friends for a #SUBWAY picnic!
Had the best day with my nephew and friends: Pool, secret beach, then pool at dark! Summer is fun :)
Super excited :)
oh ok thnx that's what I thought but i wasn't sure thnx:)
So yea....my boyfriend is waayy cuter than urs ;)
Thank you for the RT!
You don't know what it is though!! I bet you'll spaz out yerp.
Holy moly the panel is packed. I want him to do a couple of fist pounds. "Blood alone moves the hands of time."
2 point game again
She said she faithful my ass! Haha
same here. there's just something about cigarettes in movies; i think they help characterization in a lot of films.
Save your boos for NYC teams!
What did you guys have for lunch? Something tasty?
I don't doubt that at all!
USA USA USA!
#WhyDoiAlways Hate myself?. Oh, cuz I'm an ugly piece of shit.
You don't know your beautiful ;)
We are excited to see the new PayPal Here App and features. It's about time!!! Square put some fire under Paypal's ass...
Dont know what "din" means. But. Thanks. What are you doing now?
What an incredible Sunday School Class today by and at they're an anointed ministry team
with my bbg
We are home!! Whose ready to party?
i like it
its been two yrs since ive seen u at msg...I cnt wait to see u tonight I kno u won't disappoint
She who smiles in a crisis has found someone to blame.
Not sure how to feel. Happy b/c they love me but sad b/c they indicated how much hate the rest of the world hates us
Can't wait to hear your new stuff!!! So excited! :-)
had such a great time playing at the Fox & Hound show in Arlington Heights last night. Thanks for coming out to the #party!
#Wedding tip: If time allows, attend one of the band’s or musician’s performances to evaluate how they would sing and play with an audience
yo quis good game last night bro reminded me of '06 mavs
FOLLOW ME.... MISS ALEXIS TODD!! I AM SHOOTING FOR 1000 !! LETS DO THIS.. SPREAD THE WORD!! THANKS
I really wish there were more cats on the Internet.
Alot jokes in this-> I make a mean brussel sprouts & bacon dish. A winning dish. Serve w/white rice. no meat needed.
naaaa I just chilled at home and went out to dinner with Mia yesterday. What did you get into?
You're far too kind. Cheers!
<3 all the new follows! Welcome everyone! Hope your Thanksgiving weekend was splendid!
Vitamin D reduces back pain!? (and Osteoporosis)
thank you for investing in NYC's great art institutions.
sure. wanna grab lunch at beezzee? Euro cafe at Sheffield and Diversey?
Withey or without he...they're going to lose.
cool(: haha soo what are you doing?
gets up, walks, falls down; all the while still dancing.
What we want we must become.
Chuck Norris doesn't own a lawn mower... he just stands in his yard and dares it to grow.
#atlsex is pretty funny
« #rapperbetterthansouljaboy: My Grandma..»
I'm too lazy anyway
See, I know my destination, but i'm just not there
follow back sucka!
And this is to long. Just say thank you and sit down. Just sayin'.
A big thanks to for sponsoring our recent event in Tallahassee.
Thanks for following!
RT Language is power. Let's eliminate 'teen prostitute' from our vocabulary and call it what it is #sextrafficking of children
what dates cause I have a show July 19th
thanks for following me, looking forward to getting to know you better, who knows? maybe we can work together??
hilarious editing tonight.:)
This weekends weather <
don't you mean "what's up with Rose Pak running negative search ads..."? Yes. Yes. Yes.
Oh I see but hey take some meds & just stay strong... It'll be over soon and I hope you recover quickly as well.
I'm listening to #CelineDion in the #McDonalds parking lot.
How do you fight it? How do you just ignore it? How do you just let it go? Is it even possible?
yes an she's on some fucking bull shit
im all ears dear :)
In west Philadelphia, born and raised! On the playground, is where I spend most of days! take it away Niall! ;D ~~
I'm one of the only people who can cheer my sister up .
I can only imagine what mischief occurs at the Megadeth, Testament, Slayer show.
Yay my dad finally comes back home tonight at midnight!
Give me a sign, I wanna believe.
It was pouring when u tweeted me. I hope its ok. It still works for now.
Argh. To clarify, is awesome, but I generally find Schwyzer to be, well, a creep.
India? Sounds cool! yeah. I'm downloading it from a private link. I'll show u when I get back.
Time to explore Boston!
You can put delicious tags and bookmarks in alphabetical order using "display options."
Attack of the show, again.
My mom kindly reminded me when she called to wish me happy birthday that "she was my age when she had me." Pushin' for those grandbabbies...
Ugh my stomach hurts. :/
Nice to be off....bout to get a workout in...
which will engulf the whole thing. Just throw your hot coffee already!
just fine mam, thanks :-) and yourself?
Follow my New Friend she follows back
#ThoughsDurringSchool cant wait to go home and talk to and ..
Dear spammers - your new "yousendit" emails are not fooling me - though more clever than the standard viagra emails - still lame.
what channel is trutv??
Looking to steer clear of the mayhem? We've got your pour right here. Plus the patio!!
A4: See threads of convos between ppl, jump in the thread when can add value...
Lucky indeed!
took d sol, shxt was hard and im FREEZING !
At the same time, we knew about people's infatuation before we signed up. Felt the same way about the service.
I cried #DesperateHousewives is over. I´ll miss Wisteria Lane&all my friends & the rest.Thank U
This track im about to work on is winning
It's almost comical how many people are upset OV likely won't have a hearing. Give me a break. Seriously.
wore his natural hair too.
Dear Politicians, You are not going to get my vote with your smear campaign. Tell me what is good about you, ignore the opponent.
I am so NOT a morning person & there isn't enough coffee if the world to disguise the fact that this is a Monday.
Welcome to all of our new followers! Feel free to say hello...We won't bite! lol =)
Just watched Stevie Wonder walk by at NAMM.
RT : Why stress over him when you know he's not stressing over you
It lists books about International Relations. Great books of academia aren't just for English class!
Really? Must I say it again? Don't talk on your phone on the toilet. Especially at work.
Wow some random girl on the bus turned around and said "this is really random but your really pretty"
Aug. 2, 1858: On ths day, the 1st mailboxes wr installed along streets of Boston & NY City. The idea of mailboxes began in Belgium in 1848
Damm RT : I hate waken up wit morning wood
7-14-83 (Not MSW) Georgia Wrestling fans were shocked to find their favorite TBS show replaced by WWF. Dubbed Black Saturday.
When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.
#sljsummit10 e-readers are not solution to improving reading for learning unless they target struggling & new readers plus motivated readers
Dr. Waters: Duodopa l-dopa pump been studied in U.S. for many years but results are as good as dbs, though not for everyone #pairup4pd nyc
Did this nigga just say Black Widow was better than Captain America -_-
Theres always that person that brings everybody down
Great changes may not happen right away, but with effort even the difficult may become easy. Bill Blackman
There is one crucial rule that must be followed in all creative meetings. Never speak first. You job is to shut up. -- William Goldman
I rock that twitter game like it's part of my outfit.
LoL nothing wrong with that! Hm him as an intellectual bad boy on Mad Men! *What's left of brain oozes out* (o-0)______
Fun Easter Sunday with the family out here in NY tomorrow. Went out and bought all the youngest of the fam. some toys and chocolate bunnies.
So on the news today it said that selena gomez was jealous b/c all of Justin Biebers fans were wearing his perfume..and i was like ":O " lol
This weekend will consist of more recording for the EP and more prepping for the May gig at Orchestra Hall in Logan Square. Yay musics!
HI! FYI - you are always the rockstar known as kgspecial to me. :-) Hope you are great!
W.beyondthescoreboard.net naughty or nice: the have been nice when they were winning but Tim tebow's game is naughty
gonna update my style haha dress more nice looking
seriously?!?! Birth control in the hands of old men. Give me a break! I need to rethink my vote in nov
Its Aite I meant to change that today.
yes come claim your 2.50
Compulsive tweeter that I am (lol) I must tweet: having a great time at a "flash tweetup" at Muldoon's in #Carmel w/ & others.
#SharkTank Lesson: Wow Vinnie Bikes killed it! Sell your product to your investor and the investment will come!
What time exactly, I want to get all of my bud in on this :)
#allgamejobs any network programmers interested in beautiful San Diego? Our friends at a A studio down that way need you!
Felt my first earthquake today, whole building at work was shaking!
Beauty is the first present nature gives to women and the first it takes away
yes! so my cousin lives in Philly & says this is happening b/c parents r forming coalitions w/in pub schls
Here's a dilemma: I like my shoe laces tightly tied, but then I can't slip my shoes on and off very easily.
are examples of great wisdom and mentors. But God who created even them has all the time for you.
LORD KNOWS I LOVE ME A PRETTY GIRL IN A PAIR OF PRETTY SICK SNEAKERS!! (NIKES)
When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.
RT : [The LORD says] "Forget the former things; do not dwell on the past. See, I am doing a new thing!" -Is 43:18-19
#JonezBestBet of the night: Over 204.5 in the Spurs Jazz game. Look for Parker to drop 40+
your welcome hope your enjoying your
I have been waiting for you could tweet me but you did not tweet me I feel :(
NEVER count us out!!! Way to go Hawks!!
Yes, I was thinking the same thing--that would be great! Will let you know :) In the meantime, I only wish I was in NYC!
I want to see a Kobe vs. Bron matchup, but I wouldn't mind seeing a longhorn in the finals. \m/ Hook 'Em.
pleasure meeting you at the smoke out!
Come to square 80 for the start of #springfling!
#Colts trying to imagine the franchise after Peyton! It's hard
Christmas is so soon!! :D
U nasty lesbian
read LONG GONE - good hook for a plot but the heroine was a little naive at times given her background
You wish.. Haha jk you may fit.. Uhm this weekend, you, me, uh huh? Exactly.
I wish i didnt have a headache, stayed in bed all day :/
Choices that we make or fail to make in the coming years about sustainable energy will determine what world future generations will inherit.
Thrilled to be starting as an intern at the #Smithsonian Institution Archives in May working at the Center for Folklife & Cultural Heritage
This kid is a joke.
Pshaw. Btw, I've got chick-fil-a goods for you, but you must be social to receive
Come see us in Booth 6 at the VSAE Fall Marketplace!!
So busy i forgot to tweet, i need to get back on it.
tha gurl with fake boobs nd blonde hair taller thn u turned out to be a cheat ;p
I refuse to subscribe to any superstitions (i.e. Friday the 13th).
I need some motivation to write this 4 page paper 😉
“: Anyone wanna see Trevor from interview ?????” yes I'm in love with -Zach :)
because like every child thats where they come from... eve too.
how does the blofeld sound? worth having a piece of hardware sitting around?
come on the 18th....
Is My Lil Dip :)
hottub. blunt. bed.
this shouldnt even be news to you!
Yo Mo! When is my deadline??
taking the day off 👍
tuedy you have to be one too!
I know—I know for sure. Ding, dang, dong, dong, deng, deng, dong, dong, ding, dang.
I can't seem to find myself. I missing my best side.
k thanks
That was so awkward...
NEW XBOX LIVE ACCOUNT STARTED TODAY ! GAMER TAG: CED NASH
Already sent the highlight to UK, his team went 8-3 lost in the first Rd of playoffs. He's a navy brat, trying to get him looked at!
haha I'll drink one for ya!
listening to Professor Young Eun Lee sharing her research on why people become loyal to
HAPPY VETERANS DAY!!!
Bookmarked! Thanks for the site. I can't wait to rummage through it.
Thanks, I'll send them along.
It's one thing to talk bad about me and stalk my life. But to do the same to my friends bc you can't get any play between the 3 of us?
you're RATCHET! you & your hurt butt!!
preparing for Tuesday's speaking engagement: "Social Media and Your Job Search: Can You Tweet Your Way to a Job?"
Bout To Be Time To Bring Them Tank Tops Out Though , lol !
afraid that's not just for college students.
Night night
i also am getting a mini 2 pack! :D anyways,have fun. I won't be home today or this whole weekend. So bye bye! SEND ME PICS!
Omg mama I don't want you and Austin to move it not gonna be the same </3 when r u gonna come back?
TY for your kind words and #FF! UR a good friend.
So is still the best Cory. By far. An inspiration to all of us.
i could really use a tackle hug right about now....
Hope you all had a wonderful Thanksgiving and made it back home safely. Anybody do any community service? Tweet us all about it.
Still can't believe that Anthony Shadid is gone. Rest in peace.
I am having the same experience so far. Always minimal punctuation and grammar fixes. Love the editors at B/R
#ryanbraun is worth every penny
2nd time I've seen you. Never a disappointment! In tears when talking about how men can focus on 1 thing to make a girl look good
Hi c:
really want to see that friggin mouse!
Time to clean all my gear. Not my favorite part of adventure racing!
When I am having a face to face conversation with someone and they're telling me shit I don't care about, I walk away. *Kanye shrug*
Omg headache!! No more going out until a long time too much alcohol
How you eat may depend on who you re eating with, according to a new study.
Hope you've collected your winnings, or at least whiffed the felt tip pen!
I'm friends with Rayden...she didn't invite me to make food! Rude! Lol
DC: Fenty vs Gray, the case of the tortoise and the hare! GRAY all the way, 2010! When can all settle in for RABBIT STEW!! m GOOD....
Successful parenting is convincing each of your children that he or she is your favorite.
Would you please get off my penis , Thanks ;)
"Casino Night" is the best episode of any show ever.
Reconsidering my faith in language priming studies until someone does research where they test every word combination possible.
FINE, I followed through and got a picture-.- Happy? Lol
OH KAY SEE!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! love you!
one band you'd wanna tour with?
Is your online exposure at the level you want it to be? www.weneedtohirethem.com
was he with an Asian girl? I heard thats my competition haha I have room for Blake Jimmy & the wanted guys <33
Mad cuz the Pics from Saturday night didn't save >:-/
Clippers win. Good job closing the game.
I haven't been on here in a looonnggg time o.O
when was it disabled?
. Always wonderful to connect with students!
I Cried When I found out that is coming to Norway in a month! <3
In fact, every time I see it, I throw my fist around wildly just to see how much of the snowstorm I can punch.
lol ok then #wtf was that about
The 'ThisIs50' is still one of my favorite interviews ever .
Your making my day!!!!
I think your walks encourage a return to community spirit. Gets people out in their neighborhood, which is always a good thing.
Finally watching the highlights of the #redsox game on TV makes me sick all over again. So much to second-guess.
I want some
jorge: at Boardwalk, no gas, electric, still leaking natural gas in some places. "Don't come down here, Stay Away!" Kemah police officer.
": I'm Fine Being Single, I Have Enough Shit Going On. Relationships Just Seem To Add To Complication."
So excited to have you!!!
just catching up after a trip to FLA ---
for the record wifi not very good with ssh....connections freezes for minutes at a time.....good thing it is only $5.
Thx God!!!RT : .. LUCKY ASS LAST MIN ASS CATCH.. ELI THRU THE HAIL MARY AND GOD ANSWERED HIS PRAYERS..
your picture makes you look fat like me.
Lets go!
With two new puppies I am going to be doing a lot of dog walking! God bless you dear brother.
Taco Reyes and then Capoeira.
Often the hands will solve a mystery that the intellect has struggled with in vain
Ditto! RT I am not ashamed to admit I would see "Ghost" the musical.
Happy Holidays! Tune in and watch Kimbriell Kelly on Perspective today at Noon.
We buy huge boxes, and it doesn't take long to go through it at all.
but souls? Do they have souls? What does their major tend to be?
trying to learn the tweetdeck
it also stands for "Anne Frank" . I'm the only one that uses it that way tho
I CANNOT. TWEETED ME
LA? Why the tip?
I think we've found a new HR call. Should it be "swing, boom, tarrarrel"?
Heather Mekkelson's show @ #OldGold c. 2008 : created the aura of a flood via fabricated distress of basement landscape
Native American Kids Need you. Visit Http://www.pineridgechildrensvillage.com and donate a used coat to someone who needs it.
much sooner than that.
Sh*t I'm losing followers because I can't follow back!!!, something is wrong withy iPod!!!!!!
the problem with my contributed article is there is no call to action - i gotta rethink
Kind of cool, Google "zerg rush" and "tilt"
Haha!! Exactly! Thanks, by the way, for the RT
SCARF UPDATE: We will order both designs next week after we compare prices/product & they will be $20 a piece. Sound good?
What about Bob? Funny movie
My head is killing me.
How is #wineriot ?
Get your free market snapshot at www.atlanta-home-sales.net!!!
Thanks for the mention! (Sorry for the delayed response.)
It would be cool as hell to have Aaron do work for your band, pretty hard to get in touch with him.
Nothing like a good bowl of applejacks to start the morning.
;_; i'm crying now xD NOT >:P
New merchandise in the store, means new merchandising!
Does anyone else have a butthole for a mom?
Wouldn't agreement to pay that rate require the signing of a contract?
same here. i'm still watching the news :-/
"I'm gonna nibble on your cheddar bunnies... Ladies."
I love you
lol all the black people
Lol RT : Do you guys wanna hear a joke about cats? Just kitten ;)
my life is just one big sigh
Make sure to stop by the #Kiwanis booth at the 3rd Annual PBSFA Fall Festival and get your face painted, enjoy a snocone or hot dog!
PS Medieval Worms Expert is on Twitter!
: Marriage has ended
Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning. – Bill Gates
So many loved ones are passing. My faith is shaken.
You know who also has an ugly ass face? Justin Bieber. Wait, didn't he just LOSE AN AWARD TO BRUNO MARS? I think so. ;)
8 days until fantasy baseball draft. The week leading up to the draft is always the longest of the year.
I like Stubbs
RT : All tied up in the top of the 11th at 4. The Giants need us right now!
I want a chinchilla for a pet :)
Such a beautiful day outside 😃☀💛
It's been a great day, I just hope it doesn't end with me getting drafted by the Browns somehow.
haha I'm workin til like 9 but if you wanna after I'm so down. I miss u too!!
Would you bed down on wool?
I dug your exhibit but I need to dance yo! U spinnin at LE Bain
I love your new twitter background!!
“: "33 is my adult year. That's when Jesus died." - ”
S/O to my new followers!
is one cool dude. True story bro.
retweet us & every 25 buyers you get a pair of free air yeezys your choice The Real Deal Getthem nextweek Signup >@
. Go grrrl! And remember, I will help carry you through any doubts that arise - St. Bootstrapper
Seriously? How is that? RT : Internship at CVS for Pharmacy until 9 then Hangover 2 at midnight!!!! Woo!
I just received instructions for a spot that said, "I know the script is long, just read it fast." What have we become?
God of Carnage is an awesome play.
You can change it back in System Prefs ;P
WIND ADVISORY today with gusts up to 50mph possible. Stay safe!
You tweet too much
wish we could have been there Brie! Have fun for us! ~yd
Tomorrow I will start a diet and exercise regime. I need to lose some weight.
Eat Pray Love. Just don't go to India.
"Gingers are calm, cool and well-meaning people. # the fuck?!?! Hell no?
People say the most ignorant things. Do you have a brain?
Check out Fado in Chinatown tomorrow and happy hour for a good cause!! I'll be there at the start of Happy hour!!! Woo Hoo!
Chronologically impaired.
Lakers winning. Too many of yall niggas been hating on my squad
Headed to NYC for the next few days - looking for suggestions for good exhibits to see?
I am currently in my yard with a milkshake in my hand, where are all the boys?
is that a good thing?
omg, I SAW THE BOYFRIEND VIDEO! <3
Hey Arlington - now opens at 6 a.m. weekdays
Watching Preppers. I don't know why. It's not like I want to....
lol....yeah yeah
I'm about to start charging for all the inquiries I'm getting...
Happy Birthday!
Smiling every moment is a gift!
Hello Mitt need to wim .
Life is not about getting through the day, it's about experiencing, creating, sharing, planning, loving, doing something useful/meaningful.
alas, no "egg robbery"? i can think of a few thousand tiny suspects for that crime
not the strangest request I've ever received...
im so sorry I was acting a fool! lol
Cool, still here in electronic Pepsilandia.
I am so sorry you're sad right now. You seem to be having a horrible time. I wish I could help.
I meant for you to say to your followers hey follow zeb he is a great person were friends an he like baseball or something!!!
siona benjamin rare jewish indian artist struggles with identity issues,artwork symbolizes passionate american yet clings to indian roots
Pretty sure y'all forgot but here's the reminder. Idgaf who knows my business. And that includes my sex life.
thank ya
well you tried. Everything happens for some reason or another. I know it will happen when you get this all solved!
RT if want moves like Jagger :P
it's just too bad you can't play them 3 or 4 times each... playing each is like a bye week!
ohh okay. well, i'll make sure to buy you cookies when you do, so lemme know!
idk bro ima try and make it out there for memorial but well see
Nobody told me the internet was tapping my mental stream, when did that start?
Two brilliant moves that helped create the Apple iOS powerhouse (Dalton Caldwell)
Yay! Thanks! Will e-mail ya tonight
missing my home on the east coast
RT Exiting with a song? atta girl
It's the latest observation, which might be updated as often as every 2.5 sec. The obs time is in the API
Shout out to Met this talented brotha a few weeks ago working 24/7. This grind ain't for everybody. Keep doing your thang.
Thank you :o)
Thinking I'm getting the hang of Twitter (: #Shoutout to my followers (: hope I used the number symbol right (:
The real winner here is each and every vegetarian restaurant in the D.C. area.
Apparently Apple made some sort of announcement today, but iDon�tcare
my degree in the arts led me back to biz school lol
I'm at West Lawn , using their wi-fi to download apps onto new Android tablet, *This* is why we should support libraries..
I want to be a better person....and im gonna make a conscious effort to be...
I'm sold. I will try on my next responsive website.
ihatequotes: People change for one of two reasons: They have learned a lot, or they have been hurt too many times.
": #catchphrase of the night: That was heat! #useit " you know it!
The awkward moment when you have a Facebook friend request from your parents and they ask why you haven t accepted them yet.
lol I'm I'm NYC that ok lol
but I think psychology/chemistry as a driving force that is counteracting our body's own guidance systems.
Of course you took a pic of yourself in the new ride... Drive fast and take chances!
I see you're posting from Android. I understand your frustrations. :P
#MiddleFingerUp to my haters.
oh jesus.
Thank you for continued support. :)
We can't wait to read you book Growing a Farmer! Do you know how we can get a review copy?
Way to go #Houston #dynamo!!! First win for the first game in the new stadium!
SORRY I ALREDY HIT THE FOLLOWING LIMIT =( FROM 500 FOLOWING NOW TO 1000+ I'LL TRY IT THE DAY AFTER TOMORROW COZ I WONT B ON
and they gon ride his bandwagon again just like they did to get to this point nowadays.
Wallace and gromit. Google it
I'm your biggest fan.
'take yourself a picture when I'm standin at the mound and I swear it's goin down . I'm just reppin for my town' 🎶
RT Never regret anything. Everything happens for a reason. // :(
My services will show you how to not only protect the money you have, but also turn that money into a #moneymachine if you seek a way out!!!
TRUE STORY~ & the other half I'm just talkin to people . School work jus doesn't fit that equation
It may be time to start car shopping soon. The hardest thing I'll ever have to do... :(
#SmokeBloopers when you laughed so hard all the weed went everywhere in the car. Hahahah
Addicted to entourage!
Hey! How are you?
Got new contacts for my girl :)
. Jealousy is also like self inflicted blindness were you only see the other person's blessings and not able to see yours
thanks for the verification info - i'll cross my fingers
What do you want from me?
FINALLY, some flavor change up at Porter Square, welcome back the veteran Lychee flavor, lip smackingly tart!
was just thinking the same thing about my mom, ur babí
Congrats to for being our most distant participant! Must be cold up there in Kodiak, AK.
Totally agree!!! I need to keep a pad and paper in almost every room in my house.
How old we're you when you did fighting first
heart attack, party of one
Ready for home!
RETWEET IF YOU LOVE GOD!!
#BluePeter Should Be
Rain + no umbrella = ______
Major Pot Bust in Buckingham County. Sheriff says its street value is equal to the cost of 100 homes in Charlottesville. Details on CBS19
#7daysofsex ? Yes, please.
To understand life and finances, this person has ALL the answers --->>>
YOU SUDDENLY STOPPED TALKING TO MEH !xx
Do people still pay attention to TED or did that trend fizzle out?
Best part of the Halloween 5K at Disney is enjoying the Epcot International Food And Wine Festival after
I love smallvllie lois and clark belong together
The Finnish examples of Staffordshire dogs are now all facing outward, I wonder if that was an invitation...
Hey, but on the bright side they're no.1 at home and they really can't do much worse on the road.
:-( RT : gonna go walking watching Ed and Maddow leave feeling very angry!
but I want magic shoes that will do that for me!!!
Wrecked police car at I-35 and Toperwein Rd. Traffic is fine.
We are all traveling in this mirage of the world, day after day...not knowing that it is a mirage. -Swami Vivekenanda
I cannot stop until I get my fairytale ending <3
Wishing everyone a safe and fun weekend! Don't forget we have four convenient locations if your low on your favorite drink.
you guys need to come to play in the new KFC Yum! Brands Center in Louisville!!
YES SIR FAM'!!!! SAME HERE
Watching Boy Meets World. I forgot how much I love this show! Too bad it only comes on at 6 in the morning.
The Papa John's spot w/Peyton is pretty dang funny.
huh??? Where??? What u talkinbout Willis?
and the founder of Engineers w/o Borders both at #TedxMileHigh. www.tedxmilehigh.eventbrite.com
I'll even rent you a burnt orange lambo for your visit. Lol
A search for true love by transgender trailer park matriarch Jheri Jones and her two adult sons in Bible Belt Mississippi...
I DID
#iste11 #IEAR now I know I can get info for our iPad pilot from www.IEAR.org
What is Tyson Chandler doing, I'm going to need for him to grab a rebound and throw that down w/ 2 hands...SMDH
just made it here
Thanks for sharing =)
Hey we got some new photos on our myspace and our facebook check em out!
I like you , you like her , she likes you , let's see who gets hurt 🌹🌹🌹
why haven't I followed you until now...?
Thrift store ass nigga..
Rain smells so fresh and clean. I'm even looking forward to walking in it.
what's your number
#lasttweet I was not laughing that time.
22e in wv way backed up from a clean up of a huge crash
meetings with and in the next few days. Hoping to sure up some marketing and commercial ideas for ScanMan!
saw and ad for a trip to kenya for a safari. why can't we make this happen?
hate to see anyone hurt
“: Lol . that #awkwardmoment when says she hates her face yet she's gorgeous !” Thank you!!!😘
Ky. death toll from tornadoes rises to 19; more than 35 dead nationwide
#highfashion racist faggoting... the new trend
Ed Sheeran + Taylor Swift.
The girls with the scarves. She's a nice looking one :)
Headaches: temporal headache
I'm sick of Wells Fargo screwing with C. Time to kick their ass too.
I need a stress reliever.
does anyone remember Bill nye the science guy. omfg
There comes a time when you just stop giving a fuck.
Where's my LA people at?
I believe the after lunch at work we should get a 30min nap time!
oh shush, yes you will. :p
what's good with the Format? Never heard of em. Will get that next.
CBB Fest IV descends on the on 1/21/12 with a bluegrass megajam featuring David Grisman, , +more!
No idea...weird. I fixed it tho!
looking forward to your tweets! Follow back and if you ever need our service give us a call !
Deb Malkin! Thank you so much for your love and support!!! Wishing you the best ALWAYS. A Happy New Year to you, sister!!!
excited to see new product...our booth is set, come and see MUHS at booth #209, take a picture as one of the 3 Holy Companions!
FUCK EVERYBODY is how i feel right now. 3 more weeks and I'm out of here ✌
thanks for the post!! Follow & see the progress on latest work, Taj Mahal- to be exhibited in conjunction with ArtDubai 2012!
Why thank you so much! We'd actually love to hook you up with a free download of the album....
“: When boys are sweet to their mother.♥”
- Me too...hoping to be "dark" all weekend and get some much needed R&R/ QT
There's always that if in life .
Well... #WA got the highest "access to political process" score, but it was only a D+. Come on, America!
u think that's something? read this! NOOSE abuse! FL BZ SUED FOR THREATENING BL WKR W NOOSE follow me julieforjobs.blogspot
so you say
I put it in my bookbag and everything, but after that little remark. You can forget the nail polish remover.
HA there she is!!!
#schoolmemories falling up the steps like a badass.
But in better news, huge congrats to !
The TunnelFacts team was interviewed by of KING 5 earlier today. It should be on the 5pm news.
RT ": A woman's ♥ should be so hidden in God that a man should have to seek Him first to find her"
added to my workout playlist: check.
what keeps your living tissue from dying if you are metal underneath?
RG3 baby! I told you we would make that move.
KEEP A "I CAN" CAUSE THE ONLY PERSON THAT WANTS U TO FELL LIVES N HELL!!! MELODAGOON MOBRECORDS
Cold but dry, gotta go out for a ride
I officially have a crush on Rooney Mara...
What's up!?
I find it HILARIOUS that Oomf just can't fuckin lie
RT : The best revenge you could ever give someone, Is proving them wrong.
I also just finished painting a tobacco card baseball, it came out really well, just waiting for samples, then look on unforgettaballs.com!
You got all the questions I know all the Answers.. I done took ya heart girl hold it up for Ransom
for Vendetta? Or like the TV show? or are you getting all Roman Numeral on Twitter?
But everybody is still pointing their left fingers at Bush.
anytime for you
Thanks Everyone! Great Chat. Lots of good ideas shared. That's what it's all about.
$5.25 to whoever gets Lindsay Lohan to Royal Palace instead of the White House Correspondents Circle Jerk. Straight cash homey.
RT“ #Pisces are known to be bossy at times.”
Distil is the perfect place to warm up, enjoy delicious food and experience unbelievable cocktails! Plus tonight we have Live Music!
THANKS! I'LL TRY TO BRING YOU MORE HELPFUL HINTS. LOL!!
TMRW NITE is DJs in the PJs PAJAMA PARTY!!! will be awarding #prizes in our #SEXIEST PJs contest - Doors at 9
Glad you guys got funded through - have a great summer!
Welcome, soldier.
Need to lock myself in my room with no electronics so I can read 100 pages of tale of two cities and study euro
Tea beckons us to enjoy quality time with friends and loved ones, and especially to rediscover the art of relaxed conversation. ~D. Johnson
It’s your #successes that define your right path. Listen to them and they’ll tell you what you’re good at. ~
Sonny Rollins honored on CBS: Kennedy Centers Honors! Jazz on network television. That's real "reality" television!
GMEN ALL DAY BRAH...LETS GO IN!!!!
I know! Showers & storms may keep you up/wake you up early....
Panther Prowl.
That's awful. I am so lucky that I live in a place where it's not cold in the winter.
thx buddy. appreciate it.
Aww i reallyy dontt but thank u!(: and he is just perfect<3
I enjoy playing wordfeud - missicetee - hey, no crazy people though!
Wishing u mattered to someone rather than no one, wishing u were more than just you
I need those :-)
time for
Don't suppose anyone has some cucumber slices for my puffy eyes. Should have grabbed from martini glass last night.
Congrats to Hart Publishing! 2 of their authors were awarded the 2011 SLS Peter Birks Prize for Outstanding Legal Scholarship. (cont...)
what city River? highway patrol?
You should be fine there. A whole lot of WWDC folks stay there. I'm just down the street at the Pickwick.
makes anything look good. I don't stan for many but good grief I will stan for her! Run Lo Lo! Run!!!! :p
I can breathe today for the first time in weeks!! Thank you baseball gods!!!
says that littering is the first sign of depression
Not funny. Thanks for the nightmares.
depends on which one LOL
I was gonna go to Marshall after I graduate, but I'm really considering going out of state for school ..
I wish delivered.
Thanks to for the #FF!
thanks! I love your beauty and style boards. Oh and your hat one...heck, I love them all.
sympathy (?) for Doug's back pain 'I think my grandpa had that.' thanks -
"Are you okay? You're really blinking..."
Join us tonight at Revolver for #LadiesNight! $1 Drinks for our girls until 11pm! Doors open at 8p
same...bored broke and in need of a massage desperately .
what I do?
ME OF CURSED IM HIS DAUGHTER ...
Everyone should follow and he follows back.
I'm sure we'll see it on TV soon. It's too good to stay hidden. . .
The Yanks are beatable
We all have that one person that makes us smile like an idiot when we talk to them :)
Goodbye Pennsylvania! Road trip PA->NC
Tonight's Boynton Beach Rec #soccer clinic has been canceled due to weather, however club training is still a go.
Getting ready for the #WCGAPS Investigation of Casey Moore's evidence review today..should be exciting to see what we caught on video...
it's true I'm alive. But didn't you end this relationship?
Watching minor details
The celebration is EGGSTR special so it was worth doing!
a person that is sick of stupid people making stupider comments about a very nice Family
voted for ya again, buddy!!
I'd have to self-identify, which I never ever do. I think the whole voter file was mailed. Expensive. But you tell me. :)
Nor light dusting of snow 'maying' NYC look gorgeous. There is a jet lag, it just surfaced in syntax. : )
You could, lol.
haha, earlier mentioned adopting a new blog platform means you can use the default theme and nobody notices...
Spring definitely has hit Wisconsin. First I saw the sandhill cranes. Then the robins. Had a snow day only last week! Today it's 50 degrees
it's a curse...welcome to my world
why must my body decide to fully wake up at 6 in the morning?
& Joe is going to be a daddy!? bahaha wow! 😂
Thinking and reflecting on my career
I love you Justin, I really hope you see this!
Tour de Brunch (at Mystic Mocha).
Still up watching movies with my parents c: yea buddie!!
FYI... The sleep cycle app doesn't work when you're sharing a bed with someone. Obvi.
The Waltz-Astoria comes to mind! It's on a far end of Queens, Check it out.
That text I just got :) made my whole day >>>>>>
what's up?
He was convicted. He goes to start 14 yr sentence today. Good luck. Now go find some news that's relevant to this city today!
last tweet you posted read it and than you will know why lol
I saw your fab team on Friday! Missed you!
Mayweather would never beat Manny Pacquiao! His undefeated record would be trashed.
thank you for coming to Louisville
Climbing the Web of Success With HTML5
this is just a sign that the lord is on his way back btw Egyptian are considered black lol
Your capacity to lead is directly related to your capacity to grow #CLA2012 Mark Miller
I thought already made one
Lol! Salute to the nights I don't remember but HAD to have had a good time. Lol
I have seen plenty of Conservatives say that today and since this started
From Elias Sports Bureau: 3 straight road wins by 20+ point margins is a first in franchise history.
Sorry to hear that, April. (FYI, the new e 2.0 will be open so you can check it out.)
At Mamaws. (: shower first. Meet people later.
Nothing better than being with your family , & appreciating someone really special , I love you mom (:
im sorry and follow your heart
The dads on 16 & Pregnant and Teen Mom are so unattractive and stupid. Seriously, what were these girls thinking.
Hope you feel better Austin! Love you :] <3
Want some company.... I hate bein alone for too long smh
I love Kalinda, she read her.
cute twitter pic...
Thanks to our first participant! We're excited too. And remember to use #eChalkTCEA. RT : Can't wait for TCEA convention
Thanks Dawn! :)
That looks so good that it kinda makes me want to cry.
lmfaoo haha i cant even fight with u bruh u won..... THIS TIME! lol
both countries - mine and yours.
Hope that little rant Colin Cowherd went on this morning about y college athletes shouldn't be paid, was for ratings. If not, he's an idiot.
Happy Monday everyone. Looking forward to beautiful #ABQ temps this week - highs in the 70s & 80s!
I've officially made it to all the SF sports now :)
☼ The season of failure is the best time for sowing the seeds of success. Paramahansa Yogananda
Blessed in the morning Blessed in the evening
Where are you going nug?! RT : Flight delayed 2 hours. Hungry and bored- not a good combo. Anyone at love field?
Seward was unhappy, but he supplied the necessary credentials, as did Mr. Lincoln, General Scott, and others.
If your favourite film is the vow, or any mainstream romance/comedy type thing.. You need to watch some older better or more vintage films
stuck in houslantavagas
So I believe I saw more black reporters in the pressbox at the #bruins hockey game today than I saw in #redsox yesterday.
Drinking the pain away, sober gone far away.
OK Avon people- who's wearing their classy Christmas sweater on Friday? I'm ready.
We're here until 6pm today... Come on by and do a little blending!
That is a weird problem.
Burnt-out CFLs do not smell good.
Is it tomorrow or is it 9?.
can you tell me who I need to contact at the CJ to have the station listed since we plan to broadcast the Bullitt east regionals?
RT: #mediachat starts in 1 hour! Tonight’s guest is and our topic is “Brands and future use of Twitter”. See you all soon!
Bottom 5 in almost every category having to do with HITTING. Just standing at plate & taking BBs doesnt win games.
Thanks, David!
Have you guys checked out 's sale yet?! Really great deals :)
Our 1st giveaway in the next few minutes! This 1 will B easy. We'll choose the top 5 answers & will have a voting pole after!
No great man or woman of God is without enemies who bash their names and accuse them of wrong doing.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!
A blog creates 55% more site traffic
The thought of checkers fries got my mouth watering
My boo went home ):
Is it just me or is Arizona REALLY, REALLY fucked up?
haha way to make people lolz in mtgs dude..crackers & cheese..w grapes..grew up on that shit..#VirginAmerica you fancy huh?
Sure!! Chirpify is an app that you must register with first. It takes 1 minute and then you can buy music with 1 click
Who ya got today - Reds or Blues?
And we head into our THIRD 10 of 12 for "1776" at Ford's Theatre. As Congressional Custodian (Drew Eshelman) would say, "Sweet Jesus!"
yea ... If that were my daughter shed stay indoor forever lol!
Make decisions about future based on what you know now, not what you’ve already sunk.
Going backwards always give cues about moving forward.
Of course the conversation turns to Big Bang Theory at some point in a #DCDrinkUp. ;) cc:
and a hangover and lack of cigarettes and nerves about weird friendship crap.Actually, the coke isn't sounding like a bad idea at this point
Way to Eat My Bubbles at the Chapel Hill meet! Great job, #JMU Club Swimming!
Inside the Conservancy Wildlife Clinic: Window woes and amazing volunteers
that was random... but thank yeew! <33
3!!! Again look at that sling of a shot
Were on reverbnation stop by and add as a fan
Whose got VIP tickets to see in Indianapolis? This girls!!!
I drive off straight desire pushing through obstacles for what I want. How bout you?
cold. Nashville sounds good right now
I live in NC, but don't blame me
Very sad to hear about the death of Steve Jobs tonight. That man deserved no snark, none at all.
I need new black heel
As things stand, my world only gets better if Chelsea win CL.
New #pdxmayor poll.RT results of poll we did w/ Some surprising numbers- 11pm & in O Tue.
meant many!! haha
Welcome home we've all missed you alot!
thanks for the waving lesson last night ;) ur the best
#uknoyoughettowhen you say
I have not failed, I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
no, but tempt me with a Dr. Pepper and see what happens :)
Now that the family computing devices are working again, it must be time to venture home.
Inbox: 0. Ready for Japan!
“: Missouri would be the first team to win 30 games from a power conference and not receive a 1 seed!”
So let's see. Andre Ethier's current streak: one and counting. GO ANDRE! :)
No (guessing). Maybe they'll keep a TV in the press box for you guys. An arena-wide announcement wouldn't surprise me though.
": Wish yall females would clean yalls room when ya take a pic. Damn". They must be fugly if you notice they room!
I get your point, obv. Maybe it's companies vs. products. If you run a company you're foolish not to have a path to wealth.
A free $150 mall gift card? Apply for #ProjectStyle & Shop, Style... Win! RT
Don't let anybody shatter your dreams!!!
RT: #Royals calling up 2B Johnny Giavotella from Class A Omaha. Could it be SO!!!
Occupy and immigrant rights, same struggle same fight!
Nevermind you don't get what I'm saying
Cracking me up as usual! Can't wait to meet u IRL. BTW we r bringing appetizers. Check ur email :)
I am getting fat :/
That was deep...
should really see this tweet it would definitly make my life:)
How do your tweets post on FB at same time you post on Twitter?
Let it snow let it snow let it snow! :-D
follow back?
Headed to a planning meeting tonight for the ! Want to help out at the event? DM us for details!
lol I have no friends 5th period! When are you coming back?
#erl12 fantastic conference for 2012!!! Safe travels home to everyone!!
What's the job? :)
- Preplan your tears.
Unfortunately I never left home base. I couldn't make it to Dallas, just keeping in touch from the Twitter sidelines :-(
Chavez singles to bring home Cano :D
": thats fine... just trying to get you votes thats all bro" <--- You the man!
sweet!! Can I eat with you?
Texas law would send unethical sports agents to prison.
Longer than that! Come for as long as you want whenever you want!
Less than a week before the opening of my show, Our Lady of 121st Street :)
i emailed it to you
The skins needed to look after D.Ware and Romo to win..
Some clever #trolls on #Craigslist posted that we are liquidating to join with Barnes and Noble. This is not true. Nice try though!
Thanks for the follow. Nice website.
your such a pussy
Mayor Coleman on Ford Plant Closing: "It's a sad day."
yeah man that's crazy
A night in Paris @ The Anchor .... one week to go .. March The 8th !!!! NYC ru ready ??
Grab a friend and come to swing dance lessons tonight at 8. It's so much fun!
idk who that is but I'm guessing the guy playing spiderman haha. I will steal him from you jk my man is Captain America (;
@ Thanks. Keep em coming.
Bro I Cant Wait To See The Boyz On Abdc Again! I Know For Sure Im Gonna Cry Lol
Jason swears our dog winks at him all the time, and the wink is very similar to my mom's.
The heat is making everybody ruder then usual.
It looks like attagirl is expanding into Sioux Falls! More info to come!
Yup MT : I've always disliked print ads.
Nothing more beautiful than a confident girl who doesn't pretend to be something she's not, down to earth, & lets no guy define who she is.
it's the afternoon lil head
Define your committee structure in advance and recruit to that. Don't just randomly ask for volunteers.
Good morning!! Its Thursday what's going on in the city?
lol! wrangling goats is never awkward...
"Check for an organ donor card""He had no wallet, I checked" "It cost us thirty-five hundred $""Five thousand, three hundred $ for a dummy?"
ahh ! I sent it by accident ! it's house !
"Jasper" the 6 week old kitten I found has been adopted by a wonderful pair of Longwood University professors. He'll be treated very well.
My bro was the victim of gun violence in Nov. He's now a quadriplegic. Your performance in WAB? keeps us laughing. Thanks!
we went uptown last night? Lol. Whoa.
OMG YESS ! ESPECIALLY ON MONDAYS!!! 11
uses cheap Mexican labor to build their TV's but won't stand behind their workmanship, shame on you. Cynthia Germanotta
you should write a song about Frida Kahlo, since you already wrote one for Van Gogh and Galileo
what's with the gratuitous camera shot of his and her chests? Not complaining, just sayin.
awesome cheers!
what's the plan liv? Any updates on the big move to the big apple? #WeathersGettingPerfect! #FillMeIn x
yo can I get a follow back Ma?
all black everything I salute u
no worries. See you in Germany!
It's no coincidence the people who call the cops when parties get loud are the people who never get invited to parties.
We are just hours away from our 2011-2012 season finale!
my dad used to order that when I was a kid and I always wanted to be cool like him and eat it.My mouth would burn for hours!
Hello Ireesha: We are an admirer of your determination and abilities. Best of luck to you. Robert Speed Robert Speed Productions
I think I see Jesus in those french fries
ORDER THE MOVIE! WWW.MYCRACKHEADUNCLE.COM 1 MILLION COPIES UNIVERSAL STUDIOS SHOOT PART 2 IN UR CITY
Just spent 2 days removing viruses in other peoples' computers. Kaspersky Virus Removal Tool is the best & free
As first responders, #LasVegasFirefighters administer cooling therapy to the patients in the field before rushing them to the hospital
Almost got arrested. So rebellious. #noiseviolation /yd
TRUTH! My #ufc clients who put work in, between fights, have a much easier time cutting weight & ample energy during the fights!
Oh you dont know me I just saw that ppl were telling you Happy Birthday so I decided to be nice and tell you.
For those art friends who have not not check out I highly recommend it, really cool art + tech!
thanks for the follow!
Pro Tip: no sunlight, never get them wet, and no food after midnight. Also, don't say Beetlejuice three times.
Goldfish fried fish combo! Clams, shrimp and scallops with fries.
Guy in truck cuts me off in the crosswalk and flips me off as he goes by. Easily could have stopped. On a residential side street no less.
Yes. I liked it. I also enjoyed Year of the Flood, also by M.A. It was published after Oryx and Crake.
I love love love Austins curly hair.<3 its so adorable(;
#Excited for #WestAllisaLaCarte in 6 days! Let's hope for great weather. Stop on down everyone for one of our famous meatball sandwiches!
Been up all night sending in resumes. I need a job. Driving a truck is just not for me.
Stupid Hoe told us our hair is too long, well she can take a long walk off of a broken bridge. ☺
Wow, you do not go against Lincoln. Why did that get a laugh but not the dying newspapers?
Wow this is great. Trying to move up in standings
Snell...long, athletic swingman who locks up, stretches the floor, and is unselfish. Gordon...true alpha dog big. Tough tough tandem.
Boyd and Jeff are working the lights during a night interview.
Fania All-Star live at the Cheetah. Low End Theory. Fat Jack Cater to the DJ
oh thanks, ikk ;) nah jkkk, im nervous to be talking to you
oriental people are so yellow-bellied
#StudyAbroad students! Don't forget to call your moms and greet them a #HappyMothersDay!
i will an your welcome boo
I went to see footloose with my parents. we should still go see it because i loved it lol. :)
We don't know about you but we're ready for summertime! Who's with us!?
Stop lying about me...and i'll stop telling the truth about u.
People will let you down at times but God will never let you down~BAMM.
Some people are only happy...when they're UNhappy...just LOVE to stay angry/annoyed/upset. retweet. G.Union
15 hours, 3 essays, and a hamburger later...
I think they all just forgot rt : Just heard that the #Lions practice has been cancelled tomorrow in honor of 4/20.
Wow!! it took me 2 months to remember my password! lol
I keep seeing Google Chrome adverts around London.
Just witnessed a proposal of 2 people I don't know but I still teared up hahah
How do you guys record TV ? You guys should use us ()-- Daily Show and Colbert use us. We're awesome. :-)
I do agree,...but do you think twitter will come and go?
I understand if your insecure, but dont take it out on everyone else ; go see a therapist.
I agree! It looks too real!
Sharing office space w/ someone that listens to death metal -
KFC sounds so good!!!!
I love/hate having an orthodontist appointments in the noting.
“: Girls suffer from PMS, periods, cramps, childbirth, shaving, plucking, makeup dilemmas and high heels. Guys just complain.”
I have learned to use the word impossible with the greatest caution. ~Wernher von Braun
We just received an 'Exceptional' rating on our Choice Hotels inspection!
RT : u like mac miller so what i like j cole
Love to see Logan so happy! Race season here we come!!!
Spotted::" Memorial Art Gallery, A suprisingly fine collection for a midsized city. This is really worth visiting." TNX Bernunzio's
Thanks - it's from the in my hometown, Detroit.
RT : #studio now. focus
Yes, even though we do have our problems, I am very grateful to have the freedoms I have as a woman in this country!
o wee whats good?
For the love of god I CANNOT keep watching that last play, CBS & TBS!!
One last word bebore i get off is NIALL IS BEAUTIFUL #NiallIsBeautiful and im
No one does it better than <3
Stephanie from Starbucks just said I'm "Creepy in Jesus".....not sure how to take that.:-)
I love what you decided to wear! The shots are absolutely gorgeous. beautiful.
My current goal in life: to build up a smell imunity to body odor. But only other people's.
Do you take the fur off your artichoke hearts, are do you leave them au natural?
Up thanking the lord for all my blessings to blessed to be stressed
Thanks for the #FF -- have a great weekend! Will try to make the CD launch.
I think it's a great idea.. something that I'll be trying to get to in the next few versions.
easy fam ...bout to fall of the heat ,,,,,studio session in few ,,,so i gotta get my head right ,,,,stuck in the clouds
We should meet up there! I'm giving a paper on the last morning, but will probably be there the whole time.
Feel Famous. Sail Cunard. The Queen Elizabeth just celebrated her first anniversary! Call our experts for special pricing 800-803-7245!
RT : Congratulations to the amazing Jeff Pearson for his accomplishments on being the Featured Photographer of May 2012...
No! I never look pretty! #stoplying ! And oh gosh. Don't bring my mommy into this.. Ahahah (;
Lol RT : You a pretty smart lady!“: to be the best do as the best do plus some!”
“: I text you because I want to have a conversation with you, not to get one word answers.” oh.
NFL plays posted from 196 Cappers and we have 10 c0nsensus from these picks all viewed free with their records with GB -2 Td's @ 18-7
I agree with you. But it certainly IS for me :)
hell probably be backup see how Peyton performs like u know throwing the football like I'm guessing
Creative editing music tonight. Looking forward to tracking vocals.
Headed to the bottom of 6th. #Brewers down 7-2. Braun, Ramirez and Hart due up next.
I hate busy places
Nice late unnecessary foul by Andrew Bynum of the #Lakers what a #KNOB!
girl im here for you!. What do you need?
After evaluation, #Badgers commit Austin Ramesh is now a 3-star recruit and ranked the No.2 FB in the country
The price increase along with storage decrease forced by is crummy, but far worse is their effort to hide plan-cost details.
If I was at home I would go on my patio to read
it's like over my twitter feed haha
hey there friend!
I walked past Township earlier this afternoon and heard DIVE sound checking. They sounded good! ... That's all I got about that.
hm. Why don't you send me a copy of this recalcitrant doc? I'll take a look
Agreed! FF is the slowest.
What sick bastard thought it was a cool idea to have the winner of #TheVoice try to sing a tune immediately upon winning?!??
I'm am very good thank you for asking and how are you?
Finally you have found someone perfect and finally you have found yourself...
A day full of great meetings, conversations, and brainstorming about #edtech locally and globally.
bosh should know, no coitus 9 months before playoffs. or at least unprotected coitus.
its really not that deep. It didnt even taste good.
bolt bus tickets, check. NYC here we come...
: As #gasprices rise, President Obama's approval ratings drops to 46% in latest poll
No offense, but with all that awesome outdoor space, I wish something better would replace On Deck (stupid) Sports Bar.
The Foo Fighters have been fighting the "Foo" for about 17 years. I don't think they even know what "Foo" is.
world building and characters, mostly. And I love/hate Sunshine for all the eating of baked goods it inspires.
I can only hope this means you got me a present for each day!! 😊😘👍🎀💎👑💝
After the Dem House gives the shaft to the Rep's, how can ANY dem even try to complain about the Senate redistricting!
Dating a girl that can dress>>>>>>
CANI! - (pronounced kuhn-EYE) stands for Constant And Never-ending Improvement. -Anthony Robbins
Fuck your self :)
How dare you.
Essentially you’re moving the intelligence from the switches to commodity servers. Cheaper switches, more flexibility.
I'm no NCAA women's tournament afficianado, how does 7th seeded UWGB have to play at 10th seeded Iowa St?
what a nice day to go vote!
Thanks for doing that!
Nigga I Still Bugg Off That Shit To This Day. That Nigga A Damn Fool!
We Are in April, Its Boutaa Be May & The Weather is Still Cold WTF -_- Didnt` We Have Hot Weather The Other Day, This Weather Is Soo BiPolar
that was so much fun
Nicky clutch double to deep center. Now only down a run. #Dontcallitacomeback These O's are FOR REAL
hey thanks! That was such a fun show.
yes it was. I pay for it the next day. :( perfect conditions last night
LoL I BET U HAD A BADASS PARTY FOR YOUR B-DAY HUH BIEBER?
"Ninety-nine percent of failures come from people who have the habit of making excuses." - George Washington Carver
#PR friends! is HIRING! Looking for 3-6ys exp. w/media rel. & writing; experience w/ b2b, #tech, #healthcare, govt. DM me!
it irritates me when girls are like "i love justin! omg boyfriend is amazing" Like no, if you havent been here through it ALL get lost.
no but this time I'm sick of them
advocated starting preparation earlier in grad school for
So sorry to hear that. When I treat patient with this kind stones I use a formula called "dissolve KS" from Evergreen Herbs.
Dear housecat, In the struggle against your uppity behavior, please remember: I am the human, and the human will win.
Gotta give it to Ryan Hollins he is playing hard...but he's fallen down the past four trips down the floor
#ESTgirlproblems''RT : The only time I will ever get married is if you make me as happy as does.
it was so good, plus I loved seeing Robin, and scarlet looked great in spandex in 3D.
TRAFFIC: Multi-vehicle accident EB I-90 near High Crossing Blvd. Backups expected
calm down chitlins. I'll be the one with the sunburns.
wit who
please follow me i would be so happy :D
TEs and are superior.Green-Ellis has being playing great lately too!!! Who knows may get involved!?
Miss loves 's When I Grow Up. She's using it as a defense for her top vocation choice of princess.
I really need to just buckle down for the next two weeks but instead I keep taking early evening naps...
“: the more i text him the more i want him!” *her
I get back rubs all that shit. Thats why i be so damn chill.
keyshia cole need a new cd she was the shit
Can't wait to have you at our NYC Gala. It will be a wonderful night of inspiration
Fag. make me a foot long BLT, Italian herbs and cheese, with american cheese, yes toasted.
Is something about to get pregnant?
Bourne: Oh please be gentle, I want to like this so badly
“: lucky” You can DO IT TOO!
how pumped are u about attending the most kickass wedding of your lifetime next month
at the beautiful River Walk in San Antonio
Thank you so much. We're working on our EP now. It has a few new songs on it.
Thank you!!
I just played the Mass Effect 3 demo. It's pretty epic xD
Just cleaned my oven. Without letting it catch on fire this time.
We need more players before it's going to work at all! But if we can find them, definitely will explain as much as I can.
I have a terrific day 1 kindergarten assessment. I watch to see which can identify their own name tags
No drop box, but interesting idea...For now, donations can be dropped off M-F from 9am-4:30pm
Howdy Nevin. Have not seen you since that film we work on in the mountains in Pasadena. What's been up?
a boi com back crollin on his knees tellin yhu he love yhu but he cheated on yhu wit best friend (WTF)
Wow, this tweetchat is #NUTS. lol
i hope u watch it lol
: I wanna come home now from talking to you on the phone miss you big time!!
hahaha...yes! (ps, I'm asking :P)
Cookies just landed at City Market and at Capitol Hill...
Spent an incredible day at the Innovation Leaders Forum in Boston. What a fabulous learning & networking experience!
your welcome!
Feel like my job interview went well. Gonna stay positive
and yes, you've earned the "yoga goddess" title 10x's over :)
Ladies on #ToughLove should do PR 101 - always lead with positives
Sumbdy txt me
Thanks for RT and for a great PDI conference.
Stop in for Coa's Breaded Pork Milanesa Torta today! Breaded pork topped with lettuce, tomato, and Coa mayo!
thanks for keeping up with us!!! New cd in the works, will be available soon!!!
Hey , if you throw out a latenight campfire appearance at the Beachcomber, you can name your price.
your twitter game sucks
has an i-phone, android and blackberry app coming. I can't wait to see how it works!
Have good night, guys sweet dreams
Celebrating the Vernal Equinox by taking a quick night hike. In Chicago. As you do.
Sounds like another Battle in Seattle is in progress.
Back to the rat race.
and both camps suffer from getting famous way too early in life
Just finished a rigorous evening of Adobe Illustrator training for school. It's a bit tougher than Photoshop, but much better to design in.
Just finished a great spinach salad.
I want you to myself I can't help it baby I'm selfish
good call! didnt even think about that
Haven't done any grinding in over two days for absolutely no reason at all :(
My gramma takes plants from peoples carts (;
The thunder sounds so nice.
Good Game.lol
and massive monitors to do 2500x1400 iPad retina images
So ready 4 the weekend!!! Who's with me??? Lol ;)
happy Easter Roxanne.
The bruhs are at my house do the workout video. I'm going to need some -ICe! after this.
Out the shower nice and clean know drying my hair talk to me ;*
We're on board with local #wine! RT Ok, who wants to make a resolution to support local food this year!?
Of course, now I am hoping Bangkok is not Atlantis before we arrive. Must. Get. Galoshes.
Don't be scared of a #socialmediacrisis. Just be prepared. Thanks for great session
bwahaha.... You may just make the cut this time. There's a rule: uninvited after 3x no showing...
Continued HUGE thanks for food donations helping host to NW Earth & Ocean & Columbia City Bakery. You rock!
Nope. Just read a lot about them over the last few years. Don't get bitten!
Whatever happened to Herman Cain? I kinda miss that annoying #999 nut job.
eating a salad such a trill
Watching Cubs vs Cards game on TV. Nothing worse than listening to Hrbosky and McLaughlin during broadcast
Time to watch baseball dots. Pumped.
In need of more Yarn, Stat!
I hate the stars because I look at the same ones as you do, without you :( ! Soon enough will count them together inshAllah :)
Off to the to see the #MastersofVenice. Thinking about writing one of Diderot's hieroglyphs in front of Titian.
bio, chem is basically another math class. Unless you like math, in which case disregard bio and go with chem.
real sour diesel smell like fresh laundry swear
On my level?
There is an app for intrade in case you didn't know. Also whoever intrade has as favorites in elections are near locks.
lol you are awesome. Thank you!!!
No. 6/5 takes on New Mexico at 5:00 today at McCombs Field! If you haven't watched them play yet, you definitely should!
Great pictures for a loving family. God bless you guys.
Bcuz AZ, NM, TX is Mexico?? She's the perfect example of why we need to study AMERICAN history which btw includes the SW
Happy Mom's Day, Humans !
hey girl
Have fun at the reception. Say hey to Hideko and Micala. Envy envy envy...
Infinity to 1!!!!
Mini IU SNC anniversary going down tonight
you should go become an Abercrombie&Fitch model :)
Being nice to people doesn't cost money but it's kinda motivating. It gives meaning. - Bing Gordon
<<< It's a great community of people and been an awesome experience for me. Let me know when you are ready!
Falcons are so graceful
is the best sister ever! :) and i guess is a pretty good boyfriend! :P
Random Voices takes the stage to perform a song from Maroon Five.
where are you moving?
email ngmoco and they will credit your account
So True :) I hope you will get a tweet to Adam :) He's outstanding supporter of you :) ♥
thanks. Tell ur mom and grandma Bobbi I said hi! NeNe never had kids did she?
Methinks that is a legislation wonk. You should run for ALA Council! :)
Real thugs never let the microwave hit 0:00
Has even one of these random twitter 'X player spotted on Merseyside' been verified later?
your very welcome! :) I'm SOO excited!! Love you! :) 💙
I love that story.
1st has Mingo ever elected a female County Clerk? Second, were Diamond's allegations to pass the blame on to someone else?
Yeah, I can only imagine how frustrating this is for you and lots of others.
Secret Stall Tues@ Sonic #Baltimore -50% off ur order if u park in lucky stall but u have 2 guess. Hints given-It's either stall 1,3,5,7or 9
Q. What's the difference between a whore and a bitch? A. Whore's fuck everyone at the party, Bitches fuck everyone at the party except you.
they did!
The Bad News Hoes
Hey, hey, hey I'm on here with you other Tweet folk how's everyone's day??
really? No N-N-Out?
i had a glass of cereal...and a bowl of milk...:)) ur turn to do something wierd and unusual..teehee
you're welcome:)
yezzir man i had to get back quick cuz it was only gnna get worse from there yadigg
Tired of seeing your face.
May 3, 2012 – May 23 City Hall, Library & MOCA front entrances will be inaccessible to vehicular traffic. The parking garage will be open.
Shout out to the wazobia report from b. Thurston here at sxswi!
Ride the Beat Tour is in town! afterparty co-hosted by & (B.o.B) this Saturday
cambridge bound, where you at ?
RT "Our language is the reflection of ourselves."-César Chávez (b.1927)
wanna cum out
It's Doris Day month on Which actresses today can fill a whole month with great movies?
How does a skeleton call her friends?On a telebone.
I dislike u before I even met u. How that happen?
just so we can make sweet love.
butting in... Clover Club a must and kicked off the "new" bar revival if you will. Would also recommend Booker & Dax
SORRY HOES HIT U HIT THEY ASS BACK
Your background photograph is so beautiful - want to visit immediately!
If you are uying stocks for a short term profit you are onthe wrong side. The markit will reward the shorts. Seasion of the BEAR is here
Serge ibaka playing chess while the lakers are playing checkers
Started tearing down the burb for new head gaskets today. Hopefully I can finish tomorrow. Thanks Eric, sure you can't come back tomorrow?
Shoutout to our users who shared w/ us how they used Mindbloom & Bloom* to build new habits in 2012! Share your story:
30 Rock was so awesome! rocks times 30.
Hahahahaha...Oh you were being serious, weren't you?
What are your ideas for creating more jobs in San Diego as part of your mayoral platform?
Are you interested in #Cloud #Computing? Do you like #networking? Need a break from the week? Join us tomorrow night #TechInMotionPhilly!
we hope you feel better
won't say which of those predictions I'd like to see most but those who know me know:o
beautiful here in Springfield! Hot!
New followers, we're still having tryouts for a lead guitarist. Reply if interested.
yep, these type of things certainly require vision. Miller Park decision seemed big at the time, but great for MKE
Coming new Accord MUST be a hit for Honda - USA TODAY
Coulda swore I saw martin luther king jr at the dallas mavs game sitting dam near courtside!
BTW, I LOVE the game face pic! CLASSIC! You da man, D!!!
thanks for the follow. :)
Everyone else just says stuff about Tim Tebow.. give it a try.. it works.
I totally understand - hope things are going well!
Sen. Kohl's desire to move on a new #bucks arena comes at a time of much political turmoil. It's a tough sell, and he knows it.
At my cousins house crazy people.
Best Sylvester Stalone song!? Sing me the fuck up!
My uncle got pissed because I was blasting at 4 in the mourning! C:
chain chain chain
Kurt Russell had the best dialogue in Tango & Cash. Hilarious...
Hi Buddy! Love them Bucks! Ditched FB. I was annoyed. How is everything? Hope job,kitty and apt are well!
This Chiquita eater is keeping it incognito
Hate seeing Arsenal win, love seeing City lose. #Conflicted but Arse winning wins out so bo
A brothers debt, is a brother's life. I am my brothers keeper
Why do I insist on drinking so much water right before bed every freaking night? I'm hopelessly slow to learn.
you just want someone to mention yo ass
Aww man I'm so jealous! Those cookies the other day were the bomb diggity.
Nothing from Europe - DOW drops 240. Until sugar-daddy Germany supports more bailout, markets can sink. Fear next week also over jobs report
let's give them something to talk about
I quit watchin the game and the Nuggets start killing it...
So tired !
i wanna see it when u get done
When you realize what you really want... And you know you can't have it...
Watching victorious. CAN I PLEASE GET A FOLLOW BACK?!!! 💗
Emanuel shifting to federal ed policy, time in White House. Original Race to the Top bill was for $15 billion, not $5B, he says.
“: Hey I live that song RT : cali girls go !” ***love lol
The Brown Center is now on Twitter -- follow to stay on top of the latest #edpolicy research.
Got my hotel booked fo south padre cant wait its goinnnn down 2 king size beds whoop whoop
JC Penney offers $10 off $25 or more with code SPENDIT. Coupon may be used on Clearance as well as regularly-priced merchandise. jcpenny.com
Avoid the person that ends all of their stories with "And theeeenn i took a Xanex." followed by a dark nervous giggle
gosh...the moonwalking guy with his own boombox. WTH?
And you thought the Cubs-Sox was stale.
why would you want that your shows honestly suck dick
hahaha u are to funny.!
Not a fan of the cold, but I can't deny the beauty of the snow when it sparkles like diamonds. God knows how to paint a beautiful picture!
i know lol but i want him to call me soo bad lol
Sorry for the delay on getting the free demos out we are waiting on the mastering house to finish up but don't worry I will get them out ...
happy early bday just incase i forget
lol he does but his height probably adds to it lol
Cannot wait for #NCTE11 w/ Time to make this an annual tradition.
what section are you!?
Only a few hours? You need at least a week to see everything!
congrats. Wish I was there to celebrate with you all.
I'm waiting for you to start the conversation first. I wanna know how much you miss me
Come to The Early November!
Following You Love Please Follow Me Back
The positive vibes of check them on FB.. Great networking connection
Anyone have a contact with a movie theater with a large lobby? Contact us! Please RT!
Hawks made the Heat play a half court game instead of transiton basketball.
Cold wet and rainy!! Pork Verde Chile, Tortilla Soup made fresh each day and don't forget Chile Relleno Friday.17 years family owned!!
Catchy mainstream tunes.
Happy Father's Day to all the dads and father figures out there! :)
update please!
New Facebook SUX!
I don't think I'd be able to breathe...:')
To all the Washington Caps fans, I sympathize. Sincerely.
I'm very upset that I didn't think of this.
People don't appreciate comedy enough.
nope, I know what I think. I don't like it. I live across the street from a homeless shelter and this is a poor idea to be charitable
Embarrassing confession time: I have a giant bruise on my ass cheek.
hook it up!!
We had bear sausage at Easter. Had I known, I'd have brought you some with a cert. of authenticity from the hunter.
That's some shit talking to yo fam not knowing he dead .... Until you look over
Least Surprising Headline Award goes to NYT for "Troubled History Emerges for Suspect in Oakland Shooting"
New Balance: The official shoe of my life.
...but the current LGBT debate among Christians is happening in largely digital texts. How will historians access & write about it in 2112?
morning chad! How was the best of your day yesterday?
Yay!!!! I love flow charts!! LOL. You are the BEST Marianne! You always make my day. I mean it!
haha how is that cute(:
Tuesday nights at Squashed Grapes Ventura Ca. I'm guest of It's becoming jazz vocal night!!!
Watching #geeklove Everyone needs someone!
Sweet - you can turn off group MMS on iPhone! What an annoying feature.
mentions PBP (Perl Best Practices) book; besides migration scripts, PBP is a good read for any #kohails hacker
get with the program!!! :)
Last day of school...it'll be rough lol
like just now?! wow that took a while. lemme know if you need any help!
Nothing like pointing people to your post about Bullying affecting your family including your daughter to lose a crowd!!!
Out here... Attempting to function.
So mad
YES! : instead of "same sex marriage plank" how about we stop the piecemeal games & do a FULL EQUALITY #LGBT PLANK
@ estela, this time he blogged noxious, unwholesome, mischievous, and destructive
I know SF Giants fans the world over—yes, we're global—would appreciate that very much
Oh the weather outside is frightful but the ... is so delightful. Fill the blank and share with your friends this fun little holiday game.
I think our putters cost us some money. Fun day. Glad we could get out again!
real good things are going well with everything I have to try and make it out one tuesday !
SALMON FISHING WITH THE YES MEN
Come 5 o'clock ima get up wash my hair, clean then do my homework
The measure of a man's real character is what he would do if he knew he would never be found out. - Thomas Babington Macaulay
It's on my calendar!
hey guys, is looking for a Title Company (preferably Investor friendly) in the Houston area. Can you recommend him one?
Stressing and obsessing is not my style. I was raised to say fuck you, with a high class smile :)))
John D is piercing all day! Come by and see him! We are open till 9pm!
Haven't Tweeted an accent tip for a while. Requests?
I love this guy named he has no idea that I exist! Someday he will notice me and make my day! #FollowMeAustin :)
Wow, I got a lot of traffic over night. I feel special! Now just go read the blog and I'll feel real special.
Happy New Year!! Have a safe and #Sassy evening!! Be #Savvy and show us some #Soul tonight #RVA!! Viva la 2012!!!
Have I ever told you how much I love Kula Shaker?
NATS musical theatre workshop was a great experience. Going home with lots to think about!
When I sit down to write a love song. I never write from a dirty approach. But from my passionate yet sexy imagination! *Smiling*~BAMM.
Done with Muay Thai Training, Car wash. grab some lunch from Chic Fila...time to relax my body for an hour and nap.
Ther's a lot of You in my head .
If U Don't Like Marshmallows-
look at you being on the hill ;)
I don't get it when girls put "I don't like how I look here" in their pictures. If you don't like how you look then don't upload it.
I love that hard core equality stuff anti-privilege anti-racism, just categorize and separate more from what I see.
Nachos for dinner and apple pie + wine for dessert. Bring on the footy!.
Dear Dessert Wine: I love you. R.
Yes, certainly am doing that. Will have outward-facing site by April 11th or so. Thx
Who should we pick for our next Dance Group of the Week? Let us know!
Yeah i do <3 well the 2nd coolest ;) RT : I'm not gonna lie... has the coolest sister EVER! Hahaha :-)
We promised there'd always be times/ when the sky was perfectly lucid,/ that we could remember each other through that." James L. White
dont like em, they just announced a public offering, and they already have too many shares = BAD, STAY AWAY.
You know when you've gone for a girl who's abit too young when you've got to make the train noise to get your C&*k in her mouth
good 4 u
Successful businesses continually re-invent themselves. Computers to music to phones: Apple is excellent example. Now look at ur business.
“: So last night was fun..... Im so flipping exhausted....” me to, finally I am home and alone I is so tired and in pain
Love you support and friendship :)
#whosgonnalose - Cincinnati at NY Jets - Cincinnati will lose
Hey there, nice to meet you! Can always appreciate a fan girl who digs scifi and films! What are some of your faves?
heard. I'm on day three. I'm able to recognize simple shapes and colors!
OMG i cant wait for movie IN 3D ahh its going to be like hes Right in front of you<3 there is a GOD!! <3 EEEP
Adios #pla12 & Philly, hello #cil12 & DC! The Spring 2012 tour continues. April stops incl FL Lib Assoc keynote. See u soon!
If you squished them all together, do you think you could make a complete human soul? More » Post from: TheGloss
Yeeeeaaahhhhhhh. It's probably not your face. Are they predominantly male?
Girls that curl there hair ^__^
Doug.. Doug... Dougie Doug Doug
OK....."listen to the band" is my new mantra. thanks AJ!
Yikes, time to get someone to screen your calls...
I turn 18 in 15 days :) I'm growing up haha
Who won your contest fridayy?
Looking for a Records Specialist in Denver, CO. The Records Specialist will be responsible for performing records management program compli…
The way Louis says "Harder" in Moments >>>>> My life existence
Keep your words short and sweet, because you never know which ones you will have to eat. lol
FYI it doesn't matter if I've known you for 2min. or 10yrs...lie 2me once&I will never fully trust the words that come out of ur mouth again
#debt free by the new year, 2012
My parents piss me off..
thanks for the tweet
#InMiddleSchool I hated my life.
My boi just lost his girl & baby to a fire last night. Please keep 'em in your prayers. May they RIP.
aw that's cool and it is black xD
I even named my Wii ^.^ It's White. His Name is Jack Grey Wii ! He's half Chinese cuaz he was Made over there =P LMAO
My room looks like a stoners room rite now
Sweet Jesus.
the festival starts april 18-29 so you have plenty of time
Thanks for the RT!!
hahaha doesnt matter it will hopefully get done! LOL
Who do you hate more? Yankees or the Red Sox?
Our top tweeters this week!
cheers for that...good result!
congrats on a successful year!
So says he will freak out if Obama isn't re-elected. I think America can live with Maroon 4.
Michael's been around for 2 yrs!? Boyfriend needs to deal w/ it & show up. But holidays are hard
Shat the bed in singles, won in doubles, team won 7-2. I'll take that deal.
Your #poetry is AWESOME, Girl! Keep writing!
lol, perfect. A fifteen-second walk versus my fifteen-minute drive
RT : Experience designers are the ultimate marketers. A great experience is the best marketing for your org.
You're probably right. If a shopkeeper called me an idiot, I'd probably just plot revenge.
Be consistent.
girl his songs are already included, just adding some new stuff in (:
yeah I went there today. =))
Most of my friends are guys because they don't start drama,and they are always there for you..I hate drama!!
Liberty U. very evangelical. Spoke of protecting marriage or some such. Born again homophobe (if it will get votes).
I have almost all major breakthroughs in my teaching, my art and my philosophy when I am on my bike.
Looking For Luxury Homes? Call Me Now For A List Of The Best Las Vegas has to offer. 702-518-6567
yeah no doubt. I think he's p solid, but some tweeps were comparing him to Obama and I got scared.
": I need an assistant." < yes to this!
Wow. The internet is kind of underwhelming this morning.
yeah, we build on the cheap. Typical
Wow this bitch came in here looking like a she got gangbanged by every maybelline product there was.
OK. I will check on this monday am. Back to you then.
Best-selling author GW Hardin talking about #avatar #enlightenment #vibration #ascension that will empower you!
Still achy from carrying too much at once on Sunday followed by 3 hours on the risers last night.
welp mr. christie we can't please them all ;]
Relationships at this age is pathetic.
they rep both NY and CT based talents.
I just got an empty envelope - is that comparable?!?
People need to learn to talk to people...
that's awesome!!
keep me posted
Great! Glad to hear it! Good luck!
Unsolicited gym advice guy needs to be destroyed.
Mo and his YOLO
SEO Philadelphia Company, 1 SEO Announces Google AdWords Management, PPC At ... - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
your Twitter plays are doing u no good with getting new customers......
i actually asked soony on twitter few weeks ago abt that. He said his dad is lebanese citizeb so..
Learning about the Dell Social Media Command Center from the very intelligent Lisa!
It got cold again I swear if it snows I'm punching someones baby
Zealous rockers, Dont waste your money on a protest by downloading some greasy long hairs -Vote For Wagner !! everyones a winner !
Ah.! Morning
You are perfection.
working on developing an all natural shampoo formula. Any suggestions?
RT Back patio for brunch w/ The Paper Twins
YES!! im trying to get a cody simpson t-shirt online(:
awww you was a cutie pie
Excellent! RT : I keep "umm huh, that's Good" -ing the book! Haha so much fire* and I love it!
i'll sleep when i die until than im up 24 hours
Last chance to win tickets to see Real Estate on Friday at Neptune Theater. Retweet to enter. Drawing this afternoon.
Just saw this - Thanks!
of course! And we can at least share *partial credit for starting the "Mar-cus Cam-by" chant! :-) I'll miss all of them.
I never though it would hurt this bad...
It's official! is coming to visit next weekend :) I could not be more excited
Lmfao I posted one of my statuses on ur fb wall.. -_- so embarrassing!
#underthemistletoe has my daughter blasting Christmas Songs... Love her being in the Christmas spirit!
For more video news visit www.tncnews.com
dude, I miss you a lot. Seriously!!! I think Im gonna go to Austin sooner than I thought, lol!!! :)
Looks like a certain 12-man unit still has a ways to go.
If you're at for #tedxkc, go see Bill Viola's video installation The Raft. It'll have new meaning in light of climate talks.
Compass project. Boats and hoes.
RT : Good luck to the NTC basketball teams as they attempt to defend their title at the #2012AIHEC bball tourney
Just got a call from some1 looking 2 offer our clients Facebook advertising & PR services.
I'm at a baseball game. Major league bliss.
Ah,if only the gentlemen of Atlanta knew that was the key to your heart!
New on cask is two from Doggystyle Pale Ale and the FEAR. Swing by tonight at 7 and go home with a glass
“: RT me some good luck got my last final of the semester bright and early this morning” I hope you fail
AG Secretary Vilsack the Cabinet Member not there. If terrorists attack, SNAP program remains in good hands.
you not a tool box. Your a tool sack. Do you know how to speak English? So I'll be watching recorded TNA on Fridays.
good girl for taking it. It will make you smarter than you already are. ;-)
Hey I heard you were a wild one.🎶🎵👍
my new single coming soon "Can You Believe It" video shoot in about 3 weeks
"Sometimes" directed by WAYM instructors Sarah Milinski & David Sloan was accepted into the 2012
Happy birthday, Courtney! I love you, have a wonderful day!
Yes - a new Robespierre!
Persistence in one way is not a guarantee of victory. But, persistence blended with experimentation does guarantee
I love when you give me a handjob while driving, thanks ;)
Nobody gives a fuckin shit about you and your stupid boyfriend. don't make 5 fb statuses about him every fuckin day. Dumbfuck.
Nihil Sub Sole Novum => Nothing new under the sun
Noodles & Co NEW Fishers restaurant, open hiring tomorrow from 10a-12p, 8654 E 96th St, Outgoing? Energetic? Enthusiastic? Apply in person!
cool (: where?
Laying down, twitter, drake = my life. (:
shout out to my brother Matt for giving me a shout out and for givin me tips at outside linebacker!
Thanks again for all the support in Denver!
hi back! yes, mos def..sorry, couldn't resist. :)
in the airplane asdfghjkl 10,000 up in the air o:
i love ashley benson! and it reminded me of alison on pretty little liars when she died
Looking forward to seeing everyone tonight @ Turner Auditorium for Hopkins: A World inside a City. Live music @ 6:30; shows begins @ 7.
Last chance to snap up the #travel #deal of the summer! Bring your BFF free on any of our tours! Offer ends midnight.
hope you enjoy the bubbly we walked over this morning! Tis the season to #drinkatwork! ()
Haha. I had information overload too! RT : My brain hurts. Thank you for everything !
Happy Pi Day everyone!
Cheryl's career? a bit harsh but yeah, it's pretty much dead
I agree! -> RT : "The richest people in the world build networks. Everyone else is trained to look for work." ~R. Kiosaki
It's a wonderful yet extremely busy day here at TeamQ,between learning about the new short sale procedures to client meetings we are packed!
#season Virginia Dazzles this Holiday Season with 100 Miles of Lights
when I spill green tea all over my desk, I'm grateful it wasn't coffee
Mitt Romney needs to stay in the sight of the media and keep expressing what he will do as President
Our GD cat is out in the rain and now we can't find her, she is in for a wet night! :(
Hi Sarah, FIERCE eye makeup!
Im soo ready for this game today(:
I will be at the Brew Fest in Winter Haven Florida on April 9th! Come out and enjoy some craft beers and a new line of beer truffles!
Thanks for following doll (: Let's not be strangers! (:
I must be a bad student...the only thing I remember from Felix Dennis is "If it floats, flies, or fornicates--rent, don't buy." Love it!
Watch for a big sale coming on Monday!
12 Days of Twitter: On 3rd day of Twitter nextdoor neighbor gave to me 3 piece meal from KFC 2 Nikon speedlights 1 Partridge Family Xmas MP3
Rise Against? Yes. I'm an avid fan
ok. you talked me into sleeping in. that was easy
thanks for following! i followed back :]
not to shabby considering I passed out at 8.
RT - Miami Dolphins cheerleaders = Best in the NFL
Fuck Me Like You Hate Me
nah no Walmart tonight
Chele is a genius.
: Oh yeah, love the guy lol ;-)
Pep Talk of the day: "Share what you know, it just might help someone." And "Do what you can."
well Silverstein did cover Kanye's song
did you read my # personalmessages that I've sent you.
Both of our scores dropped!
We will be back on the air for Game 1 of the NBA Playoffs.
Let's get those runs back #Reds! Then add a few while your at it. Got a feeling we might need 'em.
Cynthia Rowley: "I was going through this phase where I thought it would be interesting to put wings on everything. Bad idea."
U Welcome I only Speak Da Truth Get it? LOL!!!
reply to my texts woman!!
Yep lonngggggg day ahead of me today.
He got that something, that keeps me so off balance
Coachella 2012 lineup why are you not out yet...
thanks man !!!! U want peyton or what lol
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but heres my number so call me maybe(;
Personally, I would go Hot Dougs but the line is too long for a certain Prime Minister.
I guess I sold it well enough, though. The patrons' chairs are empty.
It takes special gumption to pick on graduate students like that. She is shameful.
Ryan Braun still = cheater
a bio-polar douche bag
um the links to your pictures are broken...
the office closes at 4
I understand. It would be neat for fans to donate to their local blood bank and feel like part of the #SabresBloodDrive too.
Follow for news on great broadcast and web content!
Want more !
Absolutely. Must be a combination of sophie shorts and really fitted james perse tank tops.
happy thanksgiving everyone im thankful for all 3 of my kids and my beautiful feance vicki i love thwm all for life
IF I AIN'T BOUT DOLLARS I'LL HOLLA... MIND OVER MATTER... SO 95% OF YALL DONT MATTER... #CASHINGCHECKS CAN'T EVEN PAY ME TO LOOK AT NIGGAS..
we look forward to reading this beautiful day in word form!
You can't tell an Asian he made a mistake. He'll go in the back and throw himself on a sword.
free Original Glazed doughnuts all day! Come celebrate with us!
I want that and 2 Doritos tacos
something like that. i'm digging dude...alot. trying to play it off n be easy breezy though. you know how i do.
my grandmothers last name was Rushing.
good ass sunday
I'm watching #GossipGirl with !
Ryan Tannehill is a 3x academic all big 12. Mad respect.
Juice chettos and the avengers
Wish I was sleep up under him with his hard dick pressed against my ass💤
guess we're not gonna be there...
RT : Can I mix in with your affairs?
already downloaded NYCWAY app. It's pretty awesome.
#NFAIS If you're going to design for an ereader, make sure you use one first.
Thanks for the kind mentions & RTs Best of weekends 2 you
goin to the football game 2nite :)
I promise you, life puts us in situations we don't want to be in. The true test is how you handle those situations. That's what separates us
and then annoys the Brewers fans by getting picked off on his way to second...
I would write you a million love songs just to hear you sing <3
. The whole idea of a *journal* may not be totally atavistic, but aren't most functions present & improved in bits.
First partial solar eclipse since 2002 starts Sunday at 7:21 p.m.
HA! With Four Loko, I'm not so sure you'll even need NyQuil! That shit's muy loko!
back from an awesome weekend and a monday consisting of 1 class :p i need to catch back up with twitter
Listening to the now off the air 103.1 The Buzz that was out of West Palm & is still online. Makes me realize how much I miss that station.
Come back I think so
Director of Education at the Society of the Cincinnati. The focus is the Revolutionary War. Pretty snazzy:)
Life is a dancer, you are the dance.
happens to us all. Hope you had a great weekend!
Not looking foward to today :c
Thx Rosie...dead money all around!
N Ogden Utah preparing for Crystal Crest Awards at WSU tonight
& my Grandfather actually. Boys were kept in curls until a certain age Dad says.
I Earned Ma Strips Nigga! Sun Up Ta Sun Down
The new year is coming! What are you doing to prepare for your new year of business?
Rangers Game!!
Our new #vegan entree is named the Summer Sun Fu! God I love Thursdays! Lmao
Enjoyed a baseball weekend. Go Rice Owls!
Just cooked a HUGE pot of meat sauce and spaghetti and I have no one to share it with 😔😔😔 guess I'll be eating this for like 3 days lol
RT : Its Friday night! West End Johnny's lets do this!... Yes!
Melo still my boy but its good run NYK !!!
“: who be crushin on??? Do I know him???”aha was that to me too?.(:
I hear that lady! I love your tweets.. so real and true! RT : hey lady...just living
Sold a whole lot of books today.
Hate when you text someone about something important and they don't text back
I wanna sell YOU a HUD home. So if you live in Columbus, Ohio... Call me @ 614.778.4520. Rates are as low as 3.1% on a 15 year loan!!
Buffet at the #Prado not helping my effort to slim down. Overate, for sure...
Joseph wrote a great new tune. He played it for us last night.
Next 2 days is about partnerships. "This is a really exciting time, and this time we mean it!" -
"they cant have my brand I have special eyes"..haha just came on and I thouht of u
My confidence matches my judgement and that all equals out to be the type of person I am..
I'm enjoying a homebrewed IPA (dry-hopped with Cascades & Simcoe). How's the Longshot Barley Wine?
Does anyone have a theology quizlet?!
Great time last night with StarKid!! Thanks to all that came!
every chance I get to see him, it always gets ruined... :/
that was getting applause during so many scenes. Seriously, I was impressed with it, it's pacing, characters, etc.
Enjoying a wonderful day with at
RT : first we heard universal or u-commerce. now a pr person just pitched me on "omni-commerce."
buy Angie a vacation! :)
Ain't shit changed, ain't no ass kissing, ain't no begging. People learn not to try me, that's a known #fact !
#penelopecruz. Her favorite dress she's worn. Ours too. Stunning!
It's not gambling when you know you're gonna win.
My day >
If u favorite your own tweets you a conceited little bastard ha
I'm tired guisee :c
Last session: Audience Building with , ,
Hope Everyone had a great christmas! I know we did.
and I can't afford a ticket out there :(
exactly! someday, maybe I'll go through them and write a little summary so I don't even have to click through to remember.
yeah man :/ I moved to Tampa Florida.. But im chillin hard now.. i got me a 7 bedroom Casa oh yeauu
me!!! I just got off work. Having a mojito and some food al alone.
you know what ? NO prob haha (: . What is your essai about ? (:
Goal is 150k bankroll by 1/1/13 got work to do.
Chris Brown is killing this shit, straight up!
Hope this sun is here to stay. It's bringing me a ton of good luck! *fingers crossed*
Did the money go through?
Hi! I started when I was 4 in theater productions!! I'm in Houston but work in Austin San Antonio, mostly in the Texas area!
The passing of the baton...?
OPINION: If you could have a 3 minute shopping spree at any store at Cottonwood Mall, which store and why?
I love downtown Houston so much. <3 not even kidding. The skyscrapers are just so pretty.
Bored as fuck
The EuroConnect is sponsoring "Italy: Love It or Leave It" @ #MSPFest12 tonight! 7:20p, Director present-drinks after @ Vic's!
I know I'm a little late on this, but I LOVE #hungergames. I can see this turning into a similar Twilight obsession I had/have.
I'm making a study guide
: ": San Antonio this Thursday 4/12 EndLess Music #WeInDatThang"
Awesome! Can't wait to see it.
LENNY KRAVITZ AS CINNA? WHAT THE ACTUAL ? *face palm*
Bon voyage tweeps. Off to San Jose,CA! ...imagine pomp and circumstance in the background : )
waukesha just off sunset by bw3s/target
I used to keep an extra bottle of cough syrup and a large bottle (Costco-size) of Excedrin at work.
Genealogy Boot Camp is right around the corner in Lapeer Michigan. Learn your how from A-Z. Oct 6, 2012
Epiphany Update: Vince Lombardi was a f%^&*%g New Yorker.
Motor racing-Formula One driver and constructor standings
That really awkward moment when you say something kinda racist and then someone of that race passes by -_-;;
its so funny how in about five minutes, my mind changed completely.
Create space, time and investment in YOU. Wanting to be a great singer/artist doesn't happen without the COMMITMENT to BECOME.
nope its not
Me: "Whoah, the landing page changed!" : "That was so three hours ago". #measure #dataGEEKS - Only
Great game today!
lmfao. if he actually said that, i'm genuinely scared for my life.
it's not very deep. Just people looking for someone to vent at/about. Really. Enjoy your night & weekend. I'm out. :)
It amazes me what people will do just for attention.
Donk Coach #Prophecy: There will be a #oneworldcurrency within five years.
you should do it
David Carradine found dead in Bankok - believed to be suicide by hanging. We have lost our Kung Fu Master.
I'm so hungry it hurts. Holy crap. Too lazy to get up yet tho.
Why'd I know I was gonna fuk this up as usual wat I say never comes out right
Oh neat! We're glad to have another alumnus to follow.
after the beating he took on Boston radio yest. I would hope that jackass Henry tells him enough is enough with beating rivalry
what kind?
Not yet. But my book club is reading Silver Sparrow this month. Plan to start it on Wednesday after I finish The Replacement Wife
Summer travel update. 3 more flights to NY. 1 to Savannah. Just booked trip to San Diego.
#goplankintraffic on the busiest road in Orlando.. Don't worry, I'll wait :)
if I knew her better I would've said something but since I only see her at bowling it wasn't worth the fight!
Just saw the Avengers! I did not understand it sometimes... BUT... It was really, REALLY good. Funny too(: go see it!!!
...and while you're perusing the KL5-FILM website, check out their podcast (featuring a theme song from 2 Cent Bridge)!
Spending the day with
finished rough draft of grant, finished with presentation tonight. Next up: turkey and pumpkin pie w/ the family! Yipee!
B1G TEN Championship Showdown Tomorrow! Join us at 3:30pm to watch MSU beat OSU!!!
This is OKC year out of the west.
Received the "W" now time to relax a bit. Going to work soon!! Then coming home to study my craft some more!
Pro-tip: Fall asleep with books in your bed, wake up covered in outstandingly bizarre bruises.
"Extended learning" is too formal for kids - how about "follow-up time", and stress how important it is in all aspects of life.
INCORRECT REACTION: RT : There's a fire in USC, nice :o
yes they like me to post pictures of them and are animal rights activists..total conservatives lol
Going to go rip the plastic off my dry cleaned dresses right after this! No mold for me!
oh sorry:/ he likes Brittany
Are you missing work because of the trip? MISSING work?
Are your damn parents still arguing ?
Had not. Funny stuff. I might offer a "Down 3-0 in the First Inning? No Problem!" panel. Go, Johan.
Away from the ignoring 7th grade teacher Ah hate school can't wait to finish it !!!!!!!!!
Ho I'm sorry have fun!
HAHAHHAA omg oooohh I'm so cute! ;)
I'll come say hi.
is selling tickets for Upcoming Woolly Show. Get em while they are hot! Reserve May 7 8pm
Raise your mugs, whether filled with coffee or beer, and let's cheers! It's Friday!
Half day of treating patients in the OR. Going to pickup Illy coffee at
Incredibly sad about MCA news. It's making it very hard for me to be an adult and pay bills and do laundry.
Is the Ravens playoff game messing with anything you have scheduled?
A guy just walked by our mystery location and yelled "hey, where in the world is Tim Elliott!?" So he knows. I told him not to cheat haha
Explanation: End of the semester group projects. Sadly, some students are definitely lemons!
"Two and a Half Men? I watch dat."
Are you going to stay at the Fairmont?
It's funny how ur such a fucking slut and u find that acceptable
Seattle is great! Once you get over the rainy gloomy days its Beautiful!
can you recommend a freelance IT ntwk guy for our schl? Need strategy, implementation & on-call maintenance. Thanks!
Going driving soon
THURSDAYS || RT for that good ol' follow
i didnt even ask him!!!
2 tms get swept, one loses each gm by 25+ pts, the other by 3 or less each gm, Idc what the W/L column says, I view the outcomes differently
your habits won't change, but unfortunately your metabolism will.
I'm Not Spoiled. I'm Blessed , && I'm Thankful For What I've Got. ❤💙💜
Thinking of God's Love.... #ItMakesMeSmile (thankin Jesus for my smiles!!!)
Dislike fri 13th first get locked out my apratment then get stuck behind someone going 30mph on the interstate and was late for work
Hanging out with my best friend Skol tonight
I love listening to sing on Stickam.
Heart Racing Like A Nascar Time To Show The World Who You Are So Take That Mask Off
Who could forget the Ebony/Ivory duo tracking him with raucous giggles and obvious staring?
Still don't get why people try comparing artists who produce and work with totally different styles of music
Sam graduating law school is freaking me out. It's like, real life.
Hey Guys, thanks for the retweet! I was at the Stillwater Shanghai Bistro location though and not the Hudson one. Take Care!
Sweet Tweet RTs: keepn it real social networking. Retweet that what its all about anyway share don't be stingy!
hi sweetz, im good ova here how bout u
The message of DIgital Science is that Macmillan realizes it needs to become more of a technology company (amen!)
I'm going to be live-tweeting Surf's Up now!
Thanks for stopping in today!
Well that is just infuriating Captials, and completely embarrassing.
I can't believe he makes up stuff like that?!! Amazing!
thanks for riding enjoy Baltimore Thanks BaltTservice Improving taxi quality in Baltimore
that song so cold bro, I wrote to that shit too. Kendrick would be proud lol
Sigh. Thanks for the info.
Here's me # so call me maybe...
Ha ha, yes this was a fun post to create! RT : Now I want to binge on donuts....
I did and repeatedly hit my husband in the arm out of pure excitement.
North Carolina come on and raise up
Good one, Lisa! Noted--and thanks for weighing in. :)
Kind of true. Sad. RT : I hope everyone is ready for the shameless #DadBashing in all the #MothersDay commercials.
Going to school tomorrow, I don't care. I'm making it through the day. I have too.
Can someone get me a meeting with Elaine Strickland? Or a position as her P.A.?
is finally tweeting! Oh wait, it's about library stuff...gross.
Drunk anf its not even 10!
People drive like such pussies
Something about the south
My Bad Im Bout To Now
Lol I Love My Lil Sister !!
Knock Knock!... Who’s there?... Butch!... Butch who?... Butch your little arms around me!
great #StopKony post on your blog! It's easy to get lost in the hype and ignore the realities of the situation.
those are not sandals. Maybe your problem is that you don't like to see toes...
before eating a girl out make sure you finger her pussy enough til you see the wetness drip down her thighs.
haha I was just talking to about that yesterday!
RT: "People take different roads seeking fulfillment & happiness. Just because they're not on your road doesn't mean they've gotten lost."
"How can any deny themselves the pleasure of my company? It’s beyond me.” Zora Neale Hurston
The genius of investing is to recognize trends--not to time them.
isn't it a little distracting to be talking about your coaches status a few hours before game 7?
the way you light up my world like nobody else the way that you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed
Today & tomorrow need to go by fast so I can finally get a weekend. I haven't been off since last Thursday.
What I cherish: visible evidence that a deeply valued friend is thriving--externally and internally.
Fall in love because you love a person. Don't fall in love because you are lonely.
Love isnt always life its just something to do but you dont always need .
See You Tmrw At School(: Txt Me In The Morning..... I Domt Like School Its #BORING You Just Read && Do Work
researching recipes Mary-Louise Parker can eat
Increasingly strong opinion: If I'm a UX designer it's not because I sometimes do wireframes but because I always consider the whole.
So incredibly sad about #whitneyhouston. Gone too soon. What a voice.
Very heavy weather right now
Attending State of the City where a member of sang the National Anthem.
-Your Amazing;<3
Ok good morning dollies n genties I just got up n I'm n pain but I love it cause its good pain...love working out...go veggi..got to love it
never understood how parents can think violence won't beget more violence ;-)
Were u going for the Heat
Solid, solid show from tonight. Saved some of their better material for the end, but that's to be expected.
Will be inventorying things on walls this week.
2 problems w/small government: 1) gov provides infrastructure, 2) gov provides basic protections. Neither happen under Libertarians.
“: Who wants to be my Valentine ;)” Right here, yeah buddy!
Challenge accepted.
Very disappointed w/Casa Rustica in Smithtown, #LongIsland One choice by for wine by glass, loud with kids, no lasagna.
why are you in my closet?! hahah
I would love more then anything to be yours . <33333
You too!
The problem with tucking in your shirt is that you have to remember to tuck it back in after using the restroom.
WORLD PEACE is a good halftime message but WORLD WAR would have been a real Madonna headline grabber
u can sit near us if u hurry;)
wts up wit u
Hahaha I havent used mine in so long! Could you follow me please? I love you. x
This weather makes me want to go back home and curl up in bed
Watching la la and want to give charlamagne (don't know how to spell his name) a big shout out cause he is so real
Da last day of dance is ova ! :) now i get 2 sleep ...
how bout yourself?
“ I'm back from vacation with 2 broken ribs, a torn miniscus, and a fractured anus. Ill see you tonight at 11pm.”
RT : Q1) Manager and supervisors who own performance problems rather than pass them off on the training department.
ah im going <3
Had a fun day. Made some molds. Went to KidRobot LA and the Toy Art Gallery. So fun to be closer to all of this.
oh do you just love socks
Drinking some more 2night, then the next day sleep the day away....
Yall better get ready for Mr.Kee new single "Jeanz" featuring D.A.P,comin soon. MONSTAZ BALL BOI!!!
slept in today... didn't wake up until 7
If a restaurant closes at 9.... How bout you don't come in at 8 45???
“When you get to the end of the rope, tie a knot and hang on.” - Franklin D Roosevelt
Denial ain't just a river in egypt.
Just tried a Skinny Cow ice cream sandwich!
Lasagna. The breakfast of champions on this fabulous Singles Awareness Day! ;)
omg. I better start working on the picture collage I'm going to use for 's account avi
The #NYR really want to go to game 7
I would call Nancy she has all the connections.
as long as you consider being an Enrique iglesias zombie then we are golden.
So, now, I'm hungry. It's almost 1 a.m. local, and I'm in a hotel. Ordering food would take an hour. AUGH. #ReclaimWI?
that's pretty funny
yeah..were gonna be in it.
Thanks for the SO! It's the year of the CATS! I'm feelin' it! You?
let me guess 3 parents and kids running around
Matt forte got the bitch runningback
so addicted to #FaceOff new season starts now!
Rain rain go away!!!!! I guess rain in the valley is good bc it's dumping snow up on the slopes. But no time for the slopes!
If you can, help others; if you cannot do that, at least do not harm them. -
RT : Tomorrow 1-3pm Skype open day for MA in DH: there are still some free spots, so get in touch if you want to talk to us
1 more week until Easter!
What the hell how come suppert and but not he pal thats not right Selena you just smile :(
Maybe Tebow and put an end to all of that sinning up there.
can. not. wait. we will need a major team debriefing...
Took a 10 1/2 hour nap when I got home from Vegas. Therefore, sleep just isn't really in the cards tonight (no pun intended).
#AndTheFortuneCookieSays... All things come to him who goes after them.
Had a better one last fall in Kbunkport. Found great donut place though! “: Must share the results of your lobster roll search!"
#positive #pennstate RT : All proceeds from "A Memorial For Joe" DVD sales to benefit Special Olympics Pennsylvania
To what do I owe the distinct honor or your twitter follow Ms. Cairns?
Childish gambino is being streamed live on youtube
Stay strong! The pain of teargas lasts a moment, but the bragging rights last a lifetime...
I found a decapitated man under my desk...
Yeah. That's where I'm watching. First season's so good. Ted turned into an annoying douche after a few years, but he's OK here.
No idea but probably online!
Do you seriously think you're cute though...
Finally, the Clinton ad wasn't out of bounds in my opinion. But what was the Obama campaign supposed to say? "She's right"?
- I would likely GAIN sleep over it...
i could go for a grande white mocha cookie crumble frap with chocolate whipped cream
Men listen its nice that u out here chasing that money.... but don't forget Wat u have at home waiting...... Out of sight out of mind...
y'all are going this weekend? If you feel like getting a little deeper into LA, we'll be hanging out in the French Quarter.
Excited first day of work so close to home
I think I get more sleep on the desks at school than in my bed.
Seriously! RT : Jesus, people. Come the hell on. RT Thank you RT : make a damn lay up.. you suck
and don't get mad cuz i didn't show u the attention you wanted in high school its cuz i knew you would end up a hoe in the future
Who wants to be a Super Hero? New Western Chief Raingear is now in at Sydney b. Batman, Superman, Hello Kitty and more.
I love technology ^_^
if by best you mean "best at racial slurs toward opposing teams, pouring drinks on opposing fans, etc." then yes
don't have no #regrets bay jus #blame me
ok! Cant wait to get together next week :)
CSN and the persistence of vision Las Vegas. Amazing work Dan McElhattan!
Great workout today! Getting film ready is different than being #BIGSWOLL! Lol
I love Timothy Busfield .
i'm sick:( maybe some more of those old flirty tweets. will help:) LISTEN TO "EENIE MEENIE" its so cute:)
American Pastorela opening this Friday. I play Jan Brewer, a mistress of the devil, a nativist protester, and part of the angelic choir.
I'm crying everytime i listen to #TurnToYou . you can hear, that Justin has written the song with all his heart <3
Good habit to break RT i remember when i used to smoke i hid that shit from my dude.even if he caught me high i still used to lie
Ive never been on the Pedro bandwagon
“: stated his displeasure over hating geometry. #blasphemy” And he was right to do so!
I've been such an angel though :(
Chillen at home watching Snow White& the Seven Dwarfs <3
You save my life with every word you say
if it were a new lifter, no. But he's at the point where he's got his own style that works for him.
I Had Dreams is #5 on US #Drama #Fiction, #683 for all books promoted free today on #Kindle. Thank you! Get yours now! www.traceyperger.com
you could come visit and um not drink.....
You missed a good one.
Each person is born to one possession which out values all his others - his last breath - Mark Twain
don't think i dont know what u left in my car door. game on sister
alright then lets go!:) do u know how to get there?:)
Thanks everyone for alerting me so fast! My account was hacked so please ignore any DM's from me.
Tomorrow RT : Has picked a winner for the Nomia basketball inspired giveaway yet?
Wednesday. 7:00pm. I'm there!
I'm proud of U4 being dedicated 2 finishing UR thesis. Love UR icon & background! Please follow back. Thank you ♥
is SUPER annoying....thanks so much for automatically charging me for something I didn't want.
Wikipedia goes dark to protest #SOPA. Reporters, students around the world forced to find real sources for research.
does anyone know what Alex tweeted Alexis? he deleted it before I saw.
My pussy is hot!!!!
Aaron Koppel Quartet's "Falling Together Falling Apart" is on the Grammy Awards Nominating Ballot for Jazz Instrumental Album, please vote!
More than I can say!
Probably because they were out there from the days when they wee USL clubs.
Stuxnet was the very first kinetic weapon deployed over an electronic network. Trippy! (It will not be the last).
didn't they teach you to always go to the bathroom before any type of big event whether sports or a long trip lol
Reasonable Doubt Documentary
We got big things coming direct to you at Black South Florida. Stay Tuned...... We Building
Did you know that #Scharcares is the mantra of and that they've been committed to the #GF community for more than 30 yrs?
you guys doing Danny James' "Pear" on lp?!
Lil kim don't need do anything for Ya 'LL haters!! Its all about the fans and what they want, so sit down shit stopping now!!!
Gonna sleep in tomorrow. I love the fact that I have no school
2 concussions on first drive for the Saints...not good.
glad you made it safe chirp!
Uh, he better get to work on that ish. That's like...the majority of a woman's child-bearing years.
guy problems. But it looks like not for long! Lol
nothing is included in the norwell budget apparently
The Mark Henry Rollins Band
RT "The Democrats’ fortunes are tied to the economy. The Republicans’ fortunes are tied a handful of rich people’s fortunes."
yay library! Free presents all the time.
THANK YOU BELLA for the follow!! Best to you this weekend!
In the wireless age, #sexting is normal, harmless behavior. Not a problem unless you're doing it 10 hours a day, or married.
Drew Storen fully expects to be back this season
There's difference between INSPIRATION & IMITATION LOL Don't want to sound Madonna-esque but "look it up" Some ppl like pushing my buttons.
To know is better. With greater knowledge comes more responsibility and capacity for both happiness AND empathy or pain though.
Action on #sustainability is not distinct from culture and economics. Culture and economies are two facets of #eco truths.
How the pile of kush become the mountain of truth how the bottle of wine become the fountain of youth
Friday Humor: "Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city." ⁰- George Burns
Why the f*** isn't my blacklisted app working???
Thank you! Yay!
#publiclibrarythemusical "The Copier, The Toner, and the Self Check-out" (a la "The Atchinson, Topeka, & the Santa Fe" by Judy Garland)
What next? A visit from aliens. Crazy stuff happening on this earth lately. Only God knows.
Less than 30 days until Record Store Day!
what do you have though?
Sons of Gleeon?
i don't do birds, wow they had it out with you guys, what did you do <3
what was the story about?
I totally will. I could use both lol.
Hope not! MT Perhaps overshadowed, hope watching BofS hearing re:fate of CPGs
Congrats to , who will be directing our Health Policy fellowship starting in April!
haha, congratulations! I got into it and went "holy sh******t" in the pose. & congrats on the new job! Where will you be?
me to but I'm gonna get a torta instead
Time is truth but there is no truth in time
Life is back 2 normal. Happy Day!
From way down town!!
when my hands are blue and green...
Seen The Hunger Games? Like or Dislike?
Dear, kaylee! Hi (: we don't talk :( so you should tweet me or Dm me sometime! You
lol, a brother needs his grape drink and salt and vinegar chips
lol oh well let's see what it is
Could it be Safe Nike Free to Take Antidepressant Medicines ...
One of my most favorite spots and so inspirational and motivational. Thanks for the picture post!
Thanks to Old Bellevue Merchants Association revival. Great turn out!
great game today - on to Buffalo!
it's done. What u doin?
hi I'd like to join in these festivities please and thanks!
Can anyone understand John Force?
I haven't seen you in a forever. Then I get on Twitter & the 1st thing I see is you promoting. No hi or anything. smh lol
When cats drink water, their tongues move so fast that the human eye cannot track what is happening.
You Right On That I Heard About ya #DivaSquad I want One Lol BlackShadeMafia
#kids Mother Goose Storytime at West Irving Public Library, Wed, May 16 10:30a: Mother Goose Storytime is recommended for children ages 6...
sup babes you look like dezi nichols I forgot her twitter but yeah dude
consider me an avid... spectator;) I don't actually xfit but have tremendous respect for it!
them camo pants still in there?
Want to make a documentary about the bass line on "Is This It?" called "This Is It"
Trying to follow Mike Riley's QB sub pattern at Wisconsin. Subbing mid-series as they're moving ball? Not fooling Badgers.
the biggest challenge is proving my worth as a wedding pro! Gotta keep my references front & center. :)
Who has Justin's album!? Because it is AMAZING.
Dumb Niggas Hustle For Hoes Young Niggas Hustle For Clothes Real Nggas Hustle For Goals...
- Happpyy Valentine's Daay Everyone . R.I.P. To The V Cards Getting Taking Tonight. (:
have to have the obligatory salad :P
No, lol wow Jacob. you misunderstood this whole thing.. Lol I am gonna shut up now. :)
R.I.P. Chris Hitchens.
3 more minutes
Getting ready for live tweeting day 2 of our annual conference. Join the conversatoin using hashtag
almost over? City ahead 3-2? Not sure espn mobile is updating.
I won't be watching much TV today, because every second is still etched in my mind. Thoughts and heartfelt prayers for 9/11
you gonna bowl with us tonight?
I will praise the LORD, who counsels me; even at night my heart instructs me. Psalm 16:7
say something!
I hate it when people say that they're dancers but they have never even taken a dance class in their lives.
Better luck next time. The wall map is pretty sick tho. Might have to be back for it
It's got to be Roberto Martinez as next #lfc manager. He has a blinding reputation for keeping clubs in the Premiership.
the only one who got, got last night was you and the miz truth and that just a preview of whats gonna happens on survivor serie
Tact is the art of making a point without making an enemy.
the power of media!
#RUreading Just read Let the Great World Spin on Dr. K's recommendation. Beautifully written, tho iffy about depiction of MO as "the South"
I still wish that the cast of WOWP would surprise us with a new movie this summer.
Friends, help us welcome the new Behavioral Optometry Academy Foundation (BOAF) to Twitter!
Talking to my buddy
Look for more in the future, though...I am going to be doing more history stuff to slowly build some twitter friends
Thanks for the follow. Love your bio. Made me laugh before 8am so that is a good thing!
…✧ Mac Miller Go hard ✧…
is it too late to plant some lilies of the valley?
Getting a little jealous of those in the usability track right now.
RIP steve jobs, thanks for all your ithings - they rock! way to leave a legacy
sup not going home again?
you can purchase them through me and I will add you to the guest list :)
My new favorite thing: garfieldminusgarfield.net
Snuggies kinda suck in the summer.
Inspire always. RT #JustForToday I Believe in someone else
Microsoft Remote Desktop Disconnection....
that happens to me when I stand in front of the Empire State. Aka the building with a million antennas. The wonder of AT&T!
It's another hot day in Abq. remember to stay hydrated.
Friday 420 show is gna b killer! Exile is rockin w monstarr n taye tags. Tix r $5 at the symposium in lakewood. Whose supportin the scene?
Here comes the snow! Bro-tanks and jorts will have to wait...
Hmm, green or blue chinos today?
post one on instagram.
Why don't we have any power?
Soo im n lafayette....is eddies good for breakfast?.
I promise you this, promise you that, whatever you want as long as i got it ain't no problem with that
#20ThingsAboutMe 2. I catch feelings for people too quickly, which causes me to get hurt in the end.
great voice over session yesterday! Glad to have you on board!
I just finished a 2.65 mi run with a time of 30:33 with Nike+ GPS.
As an A's fan, the Kirk Gibson homer is my least favorite sports memory.
make your special flavors and cruise times highlights on your timeline!
TV's can pull a lot of electricity (up to 40 watts) when they are off! Unplug TVs or turn off the power strip to save money.
Ha, I'm not sure either. Kate! I would love to see you soon.
WE WILL FIGHT TIL FOREVER! FOLLOW & WE WILL DONATE to #makeachange !!
that's great! Thanks do much
aww, thanks! its been entirely too long! hope everything is fantastic!
They just rang the sake gong at the Industry Grand Opening Night. CC sake buddies
I miss you guys so much!!!
R u my friend or u trying to bring me down Idc if u bring me down I build myself up stronger
Loving the #Lutherville #Maryland shoutout in this week's #MadMen!
Bro all my bread is bouta go n to da #FMG company, videos nigga, n LOUIE V bro #iSwear lol.... #iSeeDaLite n
thanks:) if your not too busy it would be amazing if you could get your friends to check us out also!
Presenting this morning & showing your storify on #AnthonyShadid. How many minutes to produce that?
Get busy living or get busy dying! which will you choose?
Props to for awarding team with the award for best data integration at TechCrunch Disrupt Hackathon!
You Sending Me One Word Txt So Im Not Going To Entertain This Convo....
So LA wins the MLS Cup...did anyone see that coming?
French Proverb~ There is no flying without wings.
#BieberOnTheVoice It's about time for us girls to lose our ovaries, who needs them anyways?!?!?!
really? Not even back in the day with my old emo band? George came to our first show. Poor thing. It was awful haha
Oh yeah. I pull it out to look at right before the weekly stoning.
U betta, Woke yo ass up!
How are you? You going to see Kimberly Gordon tonight? I might need to get some "air" and get up there for a set or two.
I saw that. The Bulls should get the #1 or #2 seed in the East. Forget the Heat and the 76ers, they're going DOWN!!! lol
Same with psychologists. No matter how much experience you have, it can be traumatic to see such horrible stuff.
was looking for some tweets from KTRU Concert or the Rice Basketball Game
We love you Wanda, and we are listening. :)
This Friday we will find out if Kimbo Slice will be fighting in Louisville on May 19th!!!
Taylor Swifts song, Eyes Open, doesn't even sound like her.
Just can't get use to the lizards in the south!
maybe... you know what i found out today... cats can't say yolo considering they have like 9 lives
Just read: Nearly 75% of big companies plan to boost ad spending well before recession ends; 43% 3mo. before, 30% 6m. before. WooHooo
And I didn't die! Not dying FTW!
Baltimore loses two great Steam Crabs houses Phillips and Obrycki's we will miss your service to our community! Thank You!!! Seafood Lovers!
Son. this is my dad's old jean jacket from back in the day. I been had this. I showed u when u were at my house.
Hey Walter! TY for follow. Glad we connected.. fascinating work that you NLP peeps do. Stay in touch!
Will be in Athens, OH for Wilco tomorrow!
Hope you have a wonderful birthday, Mark! Sending you lots of love
better looking too
I feel like all I do nowadays is work out and do homework
I am often better in the dialogue in my head! And I ALWAYS win :) LOL
#GoTribe the Johnny Damon deal is official!!! Welcome to Cleveland Mr. Damon! :)
and pub crawl!
Loving the & #Siri commercials. Smart casting #Apple!
AMEN that's the truth!
listening to - and tweeting about it per instruction
President has just entered the house chamber. Perfect timing... popcorn just finished.
Discovered Civil War soldier I'm researching was brought up on charges for trying to sell bad bacon in 1864.
Will the interview be posted on your site for fans all over the world? Thanks
Aww! In the car with photojournalist while the Current radio station plays 3 love song set to his fiancé.
There was a female zombie with a hot body breaking through the fence in the beginning. First one yet
i followed
Haha. Kim FTW!!!
"17 percent of homeless youth on the district’s rolls are living without a parent or guardian"
i used to be love drink but now im hungover.
Bout to fry some chicken!! $5 a plate!!
“Let's trade in all our judging for appreciating. Let's lay down our righteousness and just be together.” ― Ram Dass
Woo hoo!!! Cosmic bingo is happening real soon!!!!! Totally excited!!!!!!!!
good luck on your dance show!!! Ly!!
Fall Baseball Starts Tomorrow!! I don't know who is more excited me - or my son!
Gonna meet harry from TOWIE in a bit LOL
Please give Chuck and Blair the happy ending they deserve.
you should feel lucky you got two beautiful HARD working girls :p
Glad your healing well!!
@ thx! I'd love to talk to Just used to find dinner in Berlin! Unfortunately, I leave early tomorrow. Will have to email
haha wow so active :p & when does school strt for u??
Tuesdays are VIP night at the Scholars Inn--1/2 price on all appetizers for VIP club!! We hope to see you there. Plz rt
What are you most excited about for your first year of college?
You are the only person standing in YOUR way!
aw, I miss this kinda stuff haha
Congratulations to Dominick Kendraw....Currently enjoying his FREE two day scooter rental thanks to winning our January question contest!
Which Black woman was the first to be appointed to the federal bench?
For the record: I HAD NORFOLK STATE!!! (on my bracket playing Mizzou today).
Greatest of luck, I hope all goes well
Simple solution for getting #Limbaugh off the air: Don't tune in, and don't buy from his remaining advertisers. Rush who?
Going to see my mamiringa☺
my muffin is so cute, Maddie God bless you ♥
RT : Been 20+ min & no signal acquired by modem. Looks like this #Clear 4G experiment was a waste. Sending back tomorrow.
listening to eheheh
So. 3 month intervals between Miami and Indy sounds like my future. Make sure to book a tattoo soon. my availability has been cut in 1/2...
I think you're right...
you have a star wars tattoo? Marty me? 💍
Crazy dreams! I don't think it'll ever come true, but I'll always have that dream...
In UK, money isn't vulgar - just talking about it, or showing off that you have it :)
Inexplicably have Randy Newman's “Short People” stuck in my head.
ah! What happened?
men & women are going 2 hate on whatever u do cuz it's in their premature mind 2 do so they would rather see u struggle @ the bottom 4ever
Things are looking up.
What kind of crowd do you expect when the best we can do is chant, "We're Number Ninety-Seven!"
It's a great day to take photos outside:) its so nice outside.
they dnt gave them any more !!!!!!!!
Tip #2. Eat a variety of foods. Your body needs nutrients and many different vitamins and minerals from a variety of foods.
Why do you adore me?????
Chicago & Oklahoma Shows All Summer
Good looks my nigga #wme RT : S/o to the homie for making another hit
The League is on netflix streaming. Everyone. Watch it.
Mitt Romney a bully? LOL ... he's a clown!
#MdCBF Shout outs pt3 Sorry if I missed U!
#ff great comedy and great music!
It occurs to me that I stink at tweeting simply because I generally forget about it until I become righteously indignant at something
-emailed you but didn't hear back. who can I reach out to
and me too!
You're the man. Awesome. Great play. Enjoy the evening. Cheers.
😃☺ I'm taking you there on our next date! RT : Ate some Menchies with extra strawberries just for my boo 😊😍🍓
Just met the dude responsible for setting up bass nectars videos. I guess bass nectar is going to be utilizing my old motu.
I thought that was vague enough to not be spoilery!
Thank you babes!! I love you!!
My May 17th was unbelievable! Starts off with an up close show and tell of a Top Gun fighter jet. I have a huge love for jets!
Happy Birthday Brian![: Have a good day💗
12 more days of school for Pompano
Goodnight. Swag. Love you guys.
Can't Be Friends - Trey Songs >>>>
go far my friend.
If this crew can't get him on twitter then there is no hope. I recommend a full-court press on FB.
Rest in peace MCA a true hip hop legend.
Football was cool
Sitting down to read the Journal of Humanistic Counseling, Education and Development
Life is like a roller coaster. It has its ups and downs, but it's your choice to scream or enjoy the ride."
why does string cheese only taste good when you peel it?
my phone won't let me respond to dms but you can ask her tomorrow, she has exams this week and she probs should stay asleep
U can't sub tweet someone that's not on Twitter lol
Using as another way to keep up with #Japan; curated videos, tweets, and updates.
this hashtag makes me think of my school.
I think I want to start playing lacrosse!
I'm thinking I should start to blog (maybe). Better to do it through Wordpress or tumblr? I already have both...
when do you come back??
I"t does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop."
RT : I feel the denial of gay marriage sends a prejudice message. Our youth deserve a fair+hopeful future with government that...
If I recall, 3rd inf, 82nd Airborne...I was shopping for a home down your way when they changed his duty station! :(
No shave November!
Had Liz Worthey & David Dimmock from Wisconsin Children Hospital talk at Mt Sinai Hospt. today. Interesting discussion about clinical WGS.
We've got a CNC Router (built by some members) as well as a small CNC Mill, and a MakerBot CupCake...
... It appears that there may be some decrement in psychomotor skills premenstrually and during the early part of menstruation.
Oops made myself a bloody #topshelf its that kinda day .. sorry not sorry
why is lotto staring at eminem's nipples during this battle?
Austin was my 15th follower on this account hehe (:
What will make you smile this weekend?
That awkward moment when you lose both parents at a store.
Don't give up!!! Fight this thing out and keep Grinding the whole game. Memphis believes in you guys.
It is then burst into flame by an encounter with another human being
Haha so was I.! I was so murked in this picture. :)
I'm trying to figure out how this nigga over an hr late for my cuz PROM!!! Shud BET HIS ASS 👊👊💢💢💢
Happy Wednesday, friends! Any New Year's resolutions? Great Quote: “The unexamined life is not worth living.”—Socrates
"I speak the truth, but thats a foreign language to you all."
We just want to take a moment to wish all our buddies luck this weekend at New England Metal & Hardcore Fest! Tear it up!
Yeah most definitely RT “: thats why cali is better :-)”
Was it a perfect day in Houston, or what? Hope you all had a chance to enjoy the outdoors, some green space, and our gardens.
seriosly???i'm stay in malaysia...nice to meet u!
I am a fan of outdoor cookery.
Idea: a USB cord that charges your iPhone from the power of your cycling on an exercise bike
I put a bunch of Smarties out on the reference desk (couldn't find a bowl). They are almost gone. Students seem amazed there is free candy.
Shack now planning events and working hard! Hit it up. Great food drinks and gaming!
it never gets old
don't feel like tweeting. DM if anyone wanstaa talk
Actor Charlie Sheen arrives at the Chateau Nightclub & Gardens at the Paris Las Vegas early May 1, 2011 in Las Vegas, Nevada.
#MyWeakness tomato soup
Also, my caffeine and Claritin haven't quite kicked in yet. And I have gum on the sole of my shoe. So, good morning! How are y'all?
RT Whip yourselves with scripture before and after you sin. #HotelBiblePurpose <--- Placed by The Gideons. Lol!
Rarely. LolRT : not me son...when the last time you seen me out in this shit hole SMH
*wear via last tweet
awww haha u should be spoiled :) u deserve it luvie! :)
Franks & Beans is goin out on the town
Everyone, don't panic. Before Collin left, he had a romantic dinner with me and told me he can't imagine leaving my sexy self next season.
I'm pleased to share that Ron just announced John Krogman as the new COO
At the 19th annual POPS on the heights for Boston college scholarship
plus she always does it via mass text. THANKS MOM
When I get to the hotel imma lay my ass down my back hurt from this ride.
“: u ruined it for the West coast smh” LOL! hope you get to still watch it, response was emotional
Happy Friday friends! Holy thunder and lightning early this morning! What are everyone's weekend plans?
It's the reverse. The value is the distinction between surrogate (digitized) and original (born digital).
I'm pretty sure #Acquia connector / search is brilliant, installed Apache Solr & Facets API today with very few issues.
That's one. KB24 for MVP!
this is great:-)
Thanksgiving done.....Now onto the Christmas Season !
This fog reminds me of a scary movie. Def hiding under the covers tonight
I like finding healthy things that help better me and my family's life.
awww. Im sorry :(
aye.. I was there making a very late growler refill run. :)
No man should ever make eye contact with another man while eating a banana or lollipop...
This number 1 thing I've learned from this conference is that I need to learn more programming.
We really went to sleep on her. ctfuuu
I got a habit of calling everyone 'Honey' because I usually can't remember their names.
yep, pretty lame
"I totally got you a big Mac some nuggets and fries..but I ate it all your Dr pepper is in the fridge though." Danielle Ferrier love you man
I have the best friends ever... My heart is bursting from love!!
Our Super Bowl kick-off: 09 Cabernet
We really love being on Hawthorne. Great people down here.
just downloaded it. Does it really tell you where it's specifically located instead of just an address?
what a game...wow
And the winner is...! Congrats you won a fancy tee! Email with your address & size! Thanks for tweeting!
RT : One evidence of our clarity crisis at church is the common misunderstanding between mission and vision
Wonder what designers Sachin + Babi Cook for dinner. Well Tune into this week and watch Sachin cook with Martha!
i want to be the girl you fall for, when everyone else is falling for you.
I'll send you a picture tomorrow (:
Havent been on here for awhile
I wonder if she makin any new hits?
This took some research on NFL Draft History site but Chris Chandler was the QB traded for the second overall pick in 1992. Great Question!!
yes I did. I'll look forward to that email.
Thanks for the tweet! We can't repro the problem on our end, please leave us some feedback on the site & we'll investigate!
Sir, you are awesome!
Sake bombs !
Thanks for sending your friend the link to this cover. I really appreciate your support. Thanks again!
"You cant be the manager, because im the manager" "Well, i can,,,If I kill you" :)
Thanks for the RT! Share your unique referral link to win some free apps!
We are shooting a PSA today!
My girl gotta b bad like the
To the people staring at me : its okay, I'd be jealous of me too.
Wasn't that Kelly Clarkson? Ha..
Today! Pea Banger Omelet: Irish Sausage, English Peas, Hash Brown Potatoes, Caramelized Onion, Topped with Jameson Cheese Sauce.
Thanks for the interesting information. Do you know if Texas and Virginia are among the 12?
The past comes with us like a chaperone, standing between us and the newness of the present. -- Jeanette Winterson
I'm good. I called you on oovoo the other day
yussh(; he is an epic-fail at
I mean but it's me though.. And I don't feel the need to change for anyone... despite if they like my shit or not..
piloxing? miss those classes! RT "jab, cross, hook, upper cut" gettin my Monday night sweat on w the girls
People who say looks don't matter are full of it unless they're ugly too
Followed back
Memphis gon take game 7 but grizzlies I don't think will get past San Antonio
. while watching Shepard fight Wraith in SGA S01E03: "Know what they need? Grenades."
hey cody let me know a new cover is coming out very soon :)
Know your roll and do it well.
Strike that. We now have not one but two performers for #EqualityMD's #SoYouThinkYouCanDrag event on May 20th! Phoenix and Josie. BAM!
I am and I will because I believe
That's why Shawn is a Top Ten for the Hobey Baker Award. Character & Integrity! Class Move! Now That's A Hobey!
Just ate a Tuna Melt for the first time ever. How come no one informed me of their deliciousness before?
Yeah, I just think August is too soon after NAFSA to be considering sessions...but that's just me.
I just called Fuji-Ya Uptown and they said #9 roll isn't $9 tonight. Is this true?
Thank u so much ..lol I think he did too
I'd hug you all day if you'd let me.
#cki so dope!
ATTN:!!!!!!!! 83 CUTLASS SUPREME G BODY FOR SALE... CLEAN AS FUCK. RUNS GREAT. $800 RIGHT NOW!!!!!!!!!!
American Way!
WHOO HOO! Better see u there! “: Checked out the guys for #wheelofMen Not bad, not bad at all”
You know! If your twitter game ain't right, YOU ain't right! Lmao
True Born Records a
hanging out tonight after Mel's Diner with Patrick, Joey, Lauren, Derek, and Paris was crazy fun :D
Went to pharmacy this morning... UGH! This colds is getting worse! :(
Now it's #Tebow time!!!!
Wearing flip flops to class in February wouldn't be possible without global warming.
okay :) aha
Awesome! Get it girl!
where you at
You balln tonight?
My back is feeling better, weeded this morning and can't wait to bike today! One of the best medicines for sore muscles is to use them!
oh she think she grown?
wow never thought a show could be as boring as #luck i want my 25 min. back before i fell asleep..
Girls want a guy who says I love you every night and proves it every day. That simple.
Tired and fighting a cold. :/
Met a group of 12 actors, praying we keep in touch!! Thank u 4 ur belief in us, and ur prayers! Our goal is 2 entertain!n makeuall proud
we're going both actually!
Me, too. Work and school have been insane the past few weeks. I miss twitter and my blog. :-(
Exalt the LORD our God and worship at his footstool; he is holy. Psalm 99:5
