Ahhh…the hat trick. So far, only Neil’s scored three times…twice! Which puts him only one hat trick away from tie-ing Darryl Sittler. What’s surprising about this accomplishment is that both books came out in the same decade.
In South Australia, tens of millions of dollars have been spent by the Rann Government to attract military industries to set up shop.
Ya, I feel a little vain for taking all these pictures of myself, but I guess it's just because I know I won't be preggo much longer. I really want to remember how I looked at the end!
Mugabe's and Mswati's authoritarian actions bear striking similarities, both:-
About.
The focus on the long-term unemployed Byrne has in his article ignores the realities of capitalism in another important way, as well. This is in terms of the problems with job creation, when the economy goes through a recession alongside the falling rate of profit endemic within capitalism and the self destructive dialectical nature of the capitalist system. In other words, as capitalism tries to adapt, we see more and more workers losing their jobs, as technology is often used to replace and downsize the workforce. In consequence, the ability for employees to reduce workers’ wages is reduced, thus to increase and maintain profit they have to increase the products costs due to the increasing capital costs. But because of the decreasing job rate, more people are unable to afford the rising product cost, therefore creating an even worse economic situation.
... but this is pretty tasty!
Hot Wheels die-cast metal cars were launched by Mattel in India in 1990. They were positioned as high speed international cars for boys 3-12 years old. By 1992, the brand has attained about 10% share with competition largely coming from smuggled goods of MatchBox and Corgi from Hongkong, Taiwan, and Singapore.
feminine.
The Program:
Our calling as Christians is the Great Commission. “Therefore go and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit, and teaching them to obey everything I have commanded you. And surely I am with you always, to the very end of the age.” ~ Matthew 28:19-20 ~
The recent Tesco 4 for £6 offer has led me to buy more bottles of White Shield than I would normally do. This is a classic beer and one for which, despite recent travails and brewery moves, I still have a lingering affection. It still always seems a touch sweet, though, when I remember it from its glory days of the 1980s as a distinctively, even aggressively, dry beer.
At the outbreak of the Civil War, Lucy Mina Otey, a sixty year old widow, organized five hundred women of Lynchburg, Virginia into the Ladies’ Relief Society. The duties of the members of the Society included preparing and delivering food to the wounded in hospitals, making bandages, mending clothes and assisting surgeons in any way possible. Women would write letters for soldiers and keep patients comfortable. One morning when arriving at a hospital, Mina Otey was denied access by order of Dr. W.O. Owen, the head of Lynchburg military hospitals. Dr. Owen ordered the removal of Otey and all women from the hospitals stating, “no more women or flies are to be admitted.”
2. I have a B.S. in Psychology, but am returning to school for floral design.
Okay: Off to move the dog from the bed to the couch!
The business is build by the people. The system you are using, online or traditional network marketing, is created by the people and it is used by the people.
I have to give tophatter.com lots of props for this insanity.
However, even if you have no interest in doing the writer any good, or B&N any good, or agents any good, it's still worthwhile because the real person you're helping is the potential reader who can now find a book looking where they should (and not confusing someone who found the book in the inappropriate section).
The original set only had a player name and a black and white bust shot of the player, so these elements were mimicked for this card.
Since Mr Beeching decided he didn’t want trains going any further south through our town station, any rail journeys we make have to be either via Birmingham, or a car journey of eight miles to Bromsgrove.
We all know how effective those are.
pipe relining. The combination of a stronger liner with an epoxy
Sometimes, there's a wave of laughter and smoke and sausages if there's a summertime barbeque happening. Othertimes, you can walk through the wafting aroma of someone's winter dinner, emanating from a warm house.
This would turn this case into an unstoppable zombie, yielding only to the lethal force of dispositive Court action
The plot moves along pretty well as Olivia introduces new steps in her Behavior Modification Plan for Middle School Domination. Breaking up that narrative are little aside scenes here and there where Olivia trains actual dogs (cute and very funny!) and talks with her therapist Moncherie (yes, that's actually her name, and I love her).
I really love how this card turned out. While making the card I thought to myself that it had been some time since I used the mat pack so I pulled that out to finish off the card. I think that the paper piercing give the card just the right touch, what do you think? The card front is Kiwi Kiss which was then matted with chocolate chip. The stamped layer is very vanilla, a color I always forget to use but thought it would look much better with the other colors I used on this card. The stamp set, Watercolor Trio, is in the current mini so it won't be around much longer, very sad in my opinion as this is such a beautiful stamp set. The sentiment is from the set Fifth Avenue Floral. My punched flowers were cut and pulled on to give them some dimension and then I added pearl halves and smooch paint to make them sparkle. The smooch paint was also added to the butterflies for more sparkle! You all know how much I like my sparkle, lol! Chocolate taffeta ribbon was used to finish off my card along with the punched edge.
So what exactly is a sex scene? What distinguishes it from other scenes in a story?
This was one crazy issue and I loved it. In the last several issues of Jonah Hex, Michael Fleisher had introducing complex overlapping storylines along with fleshing out secondary characters. He continues with the same formula here in Hex. We get Brolin, who we have seen several times before but was never named, who now has a personal reason to kill Hex; Stiletta has a vendetta of her own; the Conglomerate discloses the reason it is opposing Borsten's work; and we get a huge dose of action at the end of the issue. All in all, one of the better stories containing Jonah Hex.
HAIL MARY
Do you ever do random things like this with your books? Can you guess what (classic) book this passage is from?
Muchos love,
3 days after my last final of school.
It contains flouride, magnesium, Polyphenols, some vitamins and lots of minerals. Did I mention it tastes really good? It's one of the few teas that is lovely with milk. I like mine with just a hint of honey... mmmmm...
Other times I feel complete, alive, and careful.
The first stadium piece, Pfeiffer calls it Commander Robot 1, 2006, is completely closed with a surveillance camera inside, and the recording of the inside of the box is projected on the wall outside of the box. The projection is of the opening of a Queen concert, with Freddie Mercury and the boys erased. The opening replays over and over. We, like with the Johnson piece, are not allowed the event, only a piece of it to let us know what is happened, what our expectations are, what are desires appear to be. However, we cannot see the projector, we cannot see the recording in process. This adds a nice twist to his previous work. A viewer feels physically displaced from the concert.
I would like for those of you who worked closely with John in one capacity or another, to help me, over the next weeks and months, come up with ideas for the best vessel (organization, university program, scholarship, foundation, prize, etc.) for furthering John's message going forward. I would like to make a donation toward such an effort from some or all of the funds that come from the assessment project, as well as offer my support as a cheerleader and, if it would help, meeting facilitator or communicator.
Octyl Dodecanol – Mixture of solid waxy alcohols. Primarily from stearyl alcohol. (See Stearyl Alcohol.)
( the darling little girl.. is Kate's niece) Kate gave this project to her mom for Christmas. I got the nicest thank you from her mommy.
Also, in Adult Bible Class, one of our congregation (a Podiatrist) taught the Class--we totally enjoyed it! Very practical stuff. His son is the Youth Pastor in another Church in our area.
@HeidiRKling Write the book you want to read.
In the mid-19th century, the British obsession with Indian curries and culture really started to take off (see this post for a brief history of Britain’s love of spice and India). It wasn’t just the spiciness, but the romance of the place. Queen Victoria loved the country and even had an Indian wing in the palace. Although she was the Empress of India, she never actually visited the country, leaving all that excitement to her sons.
Now, jump over to a post that Lisa Morrison recently made at Hop Press. Ms. Morrison – in very few words – sums up the emerging “Black IPA” or “Cascadia” style and she makes an excellent argument for enshrining this as a distinct style. I don’t cotton to the label “Black IPA” since the name IPA already comes with a shipload of baggage (not the least of which is the dubious history behind the origin of the style). Is the Cascadia style ready to be set apart as a separate style for beer judging – I don’t think so, yet – but if it’s dark but not a stout, and it’s hoppy but not an IPA, then what the hell is it?
Every politician in Congress and those competing for the presidency know George W. Bush became president because he and Carl Rove found a way to identify Bush with the Christian Right, but to get this blessing one must also be Israel blessed. Even today 70% of Republicans support Bush and his war in Iraq because what is left of the Republican Party is predominantly Judeo-Christian.
Who/what inspires you?
Meaning: This style of ribbon is a symbol for both the victims and heroes of the 9/11 attacks. It is also a symbol of patriotism and support of our troops. In addition, it is a symbol of fireworks safety.
The band and the orchestra played well off each other, with the orchestra creating a wall of sound – particularly effective during the surreal experience of seeing classical musicians play Dearg Doom.
Look at that lightbulb with the rose in it. I'm freaking out about that. Haleigh always takes such beautiful pictures that make me want to move to Paris and stand out on a balcony with sparklers and
Clay once shaved in small
This piece took me a bit longer to finish than planned (I had originally wanted to enter it in the Celebrate Colour competition), but I followed my own advice and completed it in my own time, enjoying every stitch.
This boot has no title to it other than Recorder 3 (24/96). It came with no art so I made a bunch of graphics (such as the one above) that you can put your preferred font onto.
Please take time to read all of Deuteronomy 28.
In this broken world full of broken people…
Survey Says
We'll keep our Judeo-Christian values.. You are welcome to Islam, Scientology, Humanism, political correctness and Shirley McClain. You can also have the U.N.. but we will no longer be paying the bill.
$1,000,000 LOST BY FALSE RUMOR ON HUDSON STOCK
I am blessed beyond measure to be married to Julie, who strives to embody Biblical womanhood. I am also grateful for articulate and Word-filled women, like Elisabeth Elliot, Nancy Leigh DeMoss, Mary Kassian, and millions of other women who are influencing the next generation of women who will be committed to Biblical womanhood, and the True Woman movement.
Apart from the excitement of the sport, I liked Search engine marketing as it challenged Google. Like many entrepreneurs, I rebelled against authority and this included the major G. I didn’t listen to them, I didn’t believe them and I was far more concerned in locating my way around their guidelines and principles than operating by them.
Mr. Christo Mouton (54), an accountant, who was working for Child Welfare for Vereeniging was shot in the heart.
I always intended to live in or travel through Germany. My sister had moved to Germany when I was in middle school, and I started studying the language so I could write her letters in German...which I'm pretty sure never happened. But I did develop a fascination for the culture and language. And yet, my five hours in Germany, ordering sauerkraut and gluhwein, are the only workout my linguistic skills have ever gotten. (Unless you count IMing with my coworker in the Dominican Republic in German.)
Some may differ. But I think we should be “footloose and fancy free”. That or be seriously hunkered down for the duration with community around you. Community is the key.
It is of particular attention that faced with an unending resistance in Iraq, the US had planned to spark a civil war between the Sunnis and Shias. In this context, a study of the Rand Corporation, titled ‘US Strategy in the Muslim World After 9/11′ was conducted on behalf of the then US Deputy Chief of Staff for Air Force.
The fastest and strongest MU are then recruited.
Today the BIG project was completed – the one I had to wait on. My plan all along was to add more light to this room (we have only had the overhead light and a couple lamps in here). Because the buffet and lamps are gone, I needed to figure out a new additional light source.
Word of the bubbling ocean up north got briefly into the media, and provoked a fascinating response. The New York Times, for example, published a story that mentioned the reports,and then insisted in strident terms that reputable scientists had proven that the methane plumes were perfectly normal, part of the Arctic Ocean’s slow response to the warming that followed the end of the last ice age. This same “nothing to see here, move along” attitude duly appeared elsewhere in the media. What makes this fascinating is that the New York Times, not that many years earlier, carried bucketloads of stories about the threat of climate change, including stories that warned about the risk that the thawing out of the Arctic might release plumes of methane into the atmosphere.
And oddly enough, the topic of perfume and men's buying of it had just been a topic explored by my Twin Ania both on her blog, and her Facebook page.
Oh, and I have a little trick for you. Think you can't "see through" those Big Shot dies to use them on an image you've already stamped? Well you can!
The rest of the Reds appearance hostility comes from University of Cincinnati fans – a fan base that may well have the biggest inferiority complex in the history of sports. That can happen when you are perpetually the second best football program in your state (third best probably when Jim Tressel had Youngstown State rolling) and have been the second best basketball team in your own city for the lion’s share of the last two decades (Go Muskies!). Plus it’s almost like Bearcats fans still blame UK for them having to hold the ball for hours on end when the basketball teams met in that 24-11, 1983 thriller. Yeah, you read that right. It happened in NINETEEN 83, not 1883 and I said basketball, not foootball.
Why the difference? Clueless.
We look for the resurrection of the dead
**Mom got effed up on Christmas Eve. Shocker.
One such story involved a Catholic journalist who was reporting on the front lines during the war. Ernie Miller had personally met this man in Baton Rouge, LA. The journalist was reporting from the Sinai Desert during the 1967 war. The battle had become very intense and there were numerous casualties. At one point an Israeli soldier was rushed into the medical tent, where the journalist was wiring front line information.
I have helped myself to be a better person emotionally.
I didn't want to wait until the last minute to get my project done.
For those of you who I am fortunate enough to love as family and friends, for those of you who I'll hope to meet someday, somewhere in the future, and for all of my newfound friends from around the globe who meet me in cyberspace, I am thankful that all of you are in my world.
You, Former Chancellor,once called Putin “a flawless democrat.” That will stay in your memory.
While I still try to crack that deal to make this my full time job, I do this blog and my twitter feed as an aside to my day job. In the next few weeks I plan to attend the launches and pre-season tests. If you appreciate my work, can I kindly ask you to consider a ‘donation’ to support my travel costs.
Jenro smiled. He liked deep conversations.
I moved flat back at the end of August. Months down the road, I’m feeling settled in and cosy – really loving the new home and confident I made the right decision. I know where I like to shop … grab a beer … get a cheap lunch. I have a good understanding of the local transport and how to get around my new part of town. With respect to all my day-to-day living, I reckon I’m done or pretty much there.
"About twelve hours....more or less".
From random tear-gas attacks on innocent children to sporadic electricity and water cuts in refugee camps, Palestine is a nation screaming to be saved from Israel’s oppression. The 8ft tall concrete wall that has been thrown up around the West Bank and Gaza to prevent those without a permit from leaving, stands as a physical reminder that Israel’s paranoia of the spread of Islamic fundamentalism has gone too far.
"Stand back, it's going to blow," those words were forever burned into her brain, shouted by her partner on Engine 6. Now she was confined to her bed, hoping for a full recovery but expecting far less.
5. Puke.
Difficulty 2 (out of 5)
I am so happy that I can use this wonderful device called IPOD, I grew up in the 80's and listening to cassette players and track albums! It is unbelievable the technology this days, I can post on facebook, look up my Weight Watcher points,listen to music, check a You tube video, check the weather, check my email, look at my photo album...all in a matter of minutes and with a touch of a finger! who knew!
Sweet country girl Kat Collins heads to Los Angeles to make it as an actress. Before she even gets to the city, Kat has picked up a hitchiker named Rhonda who promises her a place to stay as well as a showbiz "in." If this sounds entirely too good to be true, that's because it is! Rhonda's boyfriend Buck is a pornographer, but Kat comes from a planet that has never encountered pornography, so she hitches her star to his Hepatitis C train. While out celebrating with her new friends at an unconvincing biker bar, Kat is abandoned by Rhonda and Buck (who have a fully-clothed yet still very icky sex scene in a bar bathroom) only to get almost-raped by a gang. Fortunately, beefy Good Samaritans Victor (Erik Estrada, suffering from an alarming case of Tight-Pants-Itis) and Dirk (Richard Barathy) are there to save her, and they bring her back to what they wrongly assume is safety at Buck's place. The next day, Kat goes to her first audition, which turns out to be for an adult film (escandalo!) and is arrested for assaulting the crew during her escape from the set. After the world's most efficient trial, Kat is imprisoned--but not before telling her family that she's on a super-secret movie shoot in Mexico.
Logan has had kind of a taking spurt. He pulls stuff out sometimes we had no idea he knew. I think between Hayden's LOUD personality. And Olivia's chatty-cathy-ness. He just can't get a word in! Literally! His speech is still usually less clear than the other two. And he has some "words" that I have no idea why he says what he says. For example he calls Francesco from the CARS movie "Da-man." NO IDEA!
You may see a gal or a guy passing multi color cards to train passengers. They are not passing you information booklets. It is a note telling you they need money to feed their family and a little donation for their train tickets would be helpful. It is up to you how you wish to react – decline the cards or give them a bit of money. It happens at several train stops so don’t be surprised.
Set the whole thing on a long piece of oiled foil and pull the foil over the top to form a loose parcel.
This weekend I took off on a last minute trip down to the deep south of Argentina called Patagonia and had some incredible encounters with some of Earth's rarest and most precious natural wonders! Here's a little what I experienced...
1 remedy
My critique partners told me their thoughts on my story and I swear, I was so nervous, I didn’t hear a word they said. The next day, I got out the comments they made on my manuscript and reviewed them.
In the days following the bonfire, Trevor, his mistress, and 2 other members of the college faculty hold a funeral for Helen. As the funeral comes to a close, Trevor is shocked to see a huge crowd of mourners marching toward them, led by Anne Marie and Jake. At the grave, Jake drops a large metal hook on top of the casket.
The low temperature for International Falls, Minnesota on March 20 bottomed out at 60°F, tying the previous record high for the date.
The second crew are from down South, miles away from my home town. So, I was even more surprised to hear the "Hey there, Mr RRD!" from this crew. The para used to be from my patch, but moved about 3 years ago. The Team look on in awe; this new Trauma Team Leader knows EVERYONE!!
Backpack to carry Dynavox/braces/shoes: 13 lbs
Apologies for the short post and remember that I’ll try and write a Kid Icarus review as soon as I can!
Under Neoliberalism, fiscal sovereignty came from sovereign nations issuing sovereign debt. But under Neoauthoritarianism, where nations have lost their sovereign debt authority, the Sovereign and the Seignior will have both sovereign authority and fiscal sovereignty. Credit will not come from the securitization of debt; but rather from the word, will and way of sovereigns and stakeholders appointed from industry and government. Lending will only go firms that are key to the region’s security and prosperity.
3 Nyctalopia 3
How do I know this?
Several weeks later, Skip's unit was in the thick of battle in the Shiite heartlands of Najaf and Karbala. He wrote home about "apocalyptic" battles in which he saw "hundreds of blown apart bodies."
by the thousand!
So the workshop ended about 1/2 hour early (that NEVER happens), so I found myself with the rare gift of an hour to kill before I needed to pick up The Geej. I hit this weird shopping center near her school and ended up dropping about $70 in a Target lovingly known as the "Targhetto" because it's so skanky. But, it's still a Target. So there you go.
Full impressions below the jump…
When Mexican president Felipe Calderon met with Brazilian president Luiz Inacio “Lula” da Silva in Cancun in 2010, the leaders of Latin America’s two largest countries announced plans to begin negotiations on a comprehensive free-trade agreement between Brazil andMexico. A few months later, a delegation of Brazilian officials traveled to Mexico to begin preparatory work for a hypothetic reduction of tariffs on all goods traded between the two countries. “We want to partner with Brazil,” Calderon said. “The strongest economies inLatin America are Brazil and Mexico. Imagine what we can do together; imagine if we complement each other.”
All flows, nothing stays.
06) Mr. Bass
I told Kyle to look through the bin and find a book, and he came and snuggled up with me in the other chair and we all read.
The incident allegedly happened just 2 days after Jamie was photographed enjoying a family day out at Disneyland Paris with Kym, 35. Jamie is said to have made little mention of the Coronation Street actress, who he’s set to marry later this year.
It begins – tonight, exactly at 8:00 p.m. Israelis love to be fashionably late – this one day, there is no late. Everyone is assembled, standing and quiet at a few seconds to 8:00 p.m. They announce the ceremony will begin after the siren; please stand. And so thousands around me will stand and bow their heads. And then the siren begins.
I is for indifference. I am trying to be indifferent to the ignorant folks around me.
A few months later, our school newspaper mentor, Patty Shillington, hired me as a high school intern for our big local daily newspaper, The Miami Herald. My photo ran with each column called "Friends and Neighbors,'' which focused on unsung heroes in our community. Suddenly I found myself writing all the time, for the school newspaper and for the real world one. I was a writer, a journalist.
encouraged me to assume all was well, since there were no apparent
6. What do you miss most?
This might not be the most authentic fudge, but hey, it has THREE ingredients and tastes amazing, so I don't really care. You could sub some hazelnut-chocolate spread for 1/3 of the peanut butter if you want to and garnish with what ever floats your boat. I did, and topped with chopped peanuts. This is best stored in the fridge.
If you would like to designate funds for items listed above, please contact Carrie Espinoza, Hillsides’ assistant director of development, at (323) 254-2274, ext. 254.
Later in the 1960s, Dumaresq met Galt MacDermot and embarked on a writing collaboration that would dominate his output for years to come. Gerwing recalls, “At a Canadian party after the success of Hair, Galt complained that he didn't have a decent lyricist. Bill, as a joke, started reciting his nonsense verse, and Galt was delighted. Galt said ‘we should do a musical together.” Dumaresq teamed up with MacDermot, writing the libretto for MacDermot's music in the stage musical Isabel's a Jezebel, which opened at the Duchess Theatre, London in 1970, and The Human Comedy (based on an unused William Saroyan screenplay), which opened off-Broadway in 1983. But from the point of view of cinema history the most significant development in Dumaresq's career had taken place earlier, in 1963, through a chance meeting with another fellow Canadian...
*Smear with a stick of softened butter.
You're getting all caught up in details here. We don't need details. We need broad brush strokes of the plot, and MORE than that we need a reason to care about what happens. Right now Marine is pretty one dimensional.
2nd April, 2012
john.milbank@nottingham.ac.uk.
Registrants will receive confirmation by email or post.
The new pillows look great! The geometric covers are a little too "white" against the other more beige patterns, but maybe they will age a little with time. Or maybe some tea staining? Has anyone done this before?
Friday night, the six-plex condo one house down from ours went up in flames. At 11:45pm, Tish was awakened by screams, yelling, crackling, a whooshing sound, and the sound of firetrucks arriving on our small street. Shortly afterward, she ran around yelling “Oh my God, there’s a fire!” and then she ran out the door, thinking I was behind her. I was not awakened by any of this. I was dead asleep. In my post-marathon exhaustion, I would have slept through a fire.
In preparation for September 2012, Halton District School Board has planned information sessions at various French Immersion centres where parents will receive specific information, as well as answers to frequently asked questions about Immersion programs. Parents will also receive a French Immersion Program Registration Form.
Oh, and that lame spin from the left about the law's repeal being good for democrats and bad for republicans? Wow. Proof positive of democratic over reach and the downfall of Obama's signature achievement due to it's being unconstitutional is going to be bad for republicans, eh? Boy, they really are freaking out over on the left, aren't they? They must be tied up in knots to come up with such ridiculously twisted logic. It's almost a little sad, isn't it?
You may notice that this document is 666 pages in length. It actually downloads as 667 pages, but the last page is blank, making it 666. Page 666, by the way, features the minutes from a presentation made by the Keck Center of the National Academies which offers talks with such titles as “The Immune Response to Vaccines and Natural Infection” and “Antibodies, Vaccines, Neuroinflammation, and the Blood-Brain Barrier”.
It also doesn't take long to realise that basements are good for a lot of things; storing bicycles, hiding boyfriends, even raising children you fathered with your daughter, but they seldom make for light, airy, sweet smelling living spaces.
I know you are from Atlanta, but the city has almost 7,000 churches. Did you ever consider another location for your new church?
Now, I have a collection of crystals and rocks that I’ve acquired over the past decade to use in conjunction with energy healing.
That may be the reason in some cases, but from my experience, observations and discussions I've had with other men, it's not the reason in most cases. First, some of my favorite followers are women in their 40s and 50s and I would dance with them any time, no matter how pretty are the alternatives, but I just realized last night, when I go dancing, I will usually either dance with the really good dancers, or with the promising "beginners". In most cases, they are young (hence, pretty I guess). Why would I dance with a beginner over the more seasoned veteran dancer, who, while not great, is certainly better then the beginner?
I welcome your comments.
Upon arrival, I was immediately given the feeling that I had returned to my favorite part of Spain, Galicia because it was raining and the scenery was so green. I quickly decided that maybe it’s not just Galicia that I love, but rather the north of Spain. However, after you enter Bilbao, you realize that although the surroundings might be similar, they are very not similar.
After Philly, I made it back to Cleveland (last time here was February and I’m supposed to be retired!?!). I have a couple days off and I’ll be leaving Saturday for Burlington, Vermont. From there I’ll head up to Quebec for my second race outside the U.S.A.
Tragically, the technology was not so perfect. The use of pure oxygen in the Apollo 1 Command Module proved to be a fatal flaw.
into another world when muscles push
You can read (and see more photos!) about that and other wonderful, little things for which I am grateful here.
"Shurrup," muttered Simone, "Someone'll stab you."
**Again, I love the sound of this one. It just feels right.
I will show you how I colour the dress, like I said I have chosen the wrong stamp but didnt realise til after I had done the skin lol. For the dress I'm going with blues....
3 sisters are separated:
Lee PY et al. Economic analysis of influenza vaccination and antiviral treatment for healthy
I’m a citizen of the United States, so I don’t know what Boxing Day is.
‘Much obliged ma’am’, he said as he let his hat fall back over his eyes and he relaxed back into his chair. Returning to work for the remainder of my shift, I kept thinking about what Jack had said. I’d spent most of my life in this town, and rarely ventured elsewhere.
STARRING: Noomi Rapace, Michael Fassbender, Guy Pearce, Charlize Theron, Idris Elba, Logan Marshall-Green, Patrick Wilson, Rafe Spall
“I’m not going to answer until you…”
It was like a give and take show where you receive some comments and get readers if you comment on their blogs.
Quality
I think growing up is so much easier said than done. I am approaching the second semester of my junior year in undergrad and I am beginning to feel some pressure regarding the real world. As college students we may become bombarded with the many questions we are asked by family and friends regarding our future. It is sometimes then that we realize it is time to grow up. Time to be responsible. Time to begin to prepare ourselves to live independently and pay bills. Even if some of us already have the responsibility of paying bills, there may be some intimidation about the fact that whether we are ready for not, the world is waiting for us bright eyed and bushy tailed.
Dylan Neal as Dan Dryer
He's a thinker and an inward processor.
The results are not what I expected, because I started off looking for my usual August suspects, berries, plums and apples...And yes, there were plenty to be found...but in amongst my ramblings there was actually TOO much to collect...I ended up eating much of the fare on offer, especially wild plums...Man, all colours and sizes: Red, deep purple, yellow, pink, red, greenish, oval, round, small, large....etc. I could have brought back kilos of the stuff. I ate it all instead, as I walked.....
Will probably not post again until next week. I have a busy week ahead and a 3 day crop I will be attending this weekend to celebrate National Scrapbooking Day. But this is not a day but 3 days. Can't wait.
bind them.
Write as much as you possibly can.
The challenges late starters face aside, it leads to the double standards of society – you’ll rarely hear comments that “it’s not a big deal” for not doing well in school and not attending tuitions.
I'll try to stay very connected as I'm out and about on the tour, especially with Twitter since it's easiest. CLICK HERE to follow me there. I always seem to get very interesting drivers, so you don't want to miss out on that commentary....
Marvel Studios presents “Marvel’s The Avengers”—the Super Hero team up of a lifetime, featuring iconic Marvel Super Heroes Iron Man, The Incredible Hulk, Thor, Captain America, Hawkeye and Black Widow. When an unexpected enemy emerges that threatens global safety and security, Nick Fury, Director of the international peacekeeping agency known as S.H.I.E.L.D., finds himself in need of a team to pull the world back from the brink of disaster. Spanning the globe, a daring recruitment effort begins.
As mentioned earlier this week, Michael had to go on a last-minute business trip to Hawaii. For a week. Before he left, he asked if I wanted any souvenirs and I answered with my all-time favorite answer: "Yarn."
Number One was this one:
Source nndb.com
"True freedom is rooted in knowledge of and loving obedience to God, as well as the grace of true penitence, the need for pardon, renewal and transformation."
Last night we set up the majority of the set and our AMAZING lighting designer, Zac Consenza, brought his two fantastic assistants, Jason Mauro and Ethan Weiser! A huge thanks to Anthony Fiorillo and his friend as well! We are SO happy with the way everything is turning out so far!
I baked the sponge cake first thing in the morning. Since I have made it several times, it was an uneventful and a straight forward task. The challenge came when I started to assemble the cake. I had used up too much whipping cream to fill the layers, after frosting the entire cake surface I was left with no cream to pipe any rosettes.
On our way to Samaipata, this eight-year old girl waved us down for a ride. She was coming home from school and only needed us to take her a few miles which we did happily. Can you imagine your daughter riding with just anyone she happens to flag down?
I was trying to get a “biological” feel, yet keep the idea of a network that could process bits and bytes of information. The dots are actually little spherical lenses. Different lens shapes pick up the light strongly at different conditions. The lenses also create light patterns within the painting.
A printer is one of the most stabilizing attachments as it is constantly used by eld of machine users. However, purchase inkjet cartridges for your printer can be an resistless chore.
and bubble. Remove
Let's not confuse tango with sex. In popular culture, it's the image we are fed and is fostered by a lot of caricatures that make tango dancers crazy. However, let's do look at tango as a way of enjoying maleness and femaleness in ways that are not readily accessible in our society, or in a lot of societies. And I don't mean that is a sexy or sexist way either. I dance with men and women, and I know a lot of other dancers do too. Gender is not the issue, but the energy you bring to your role as a leader or follower that makes the dance happen. People that dance tango often find the dance full of spiritual or psychological lessons for themselves and in their relationships with others. One of my tango blogging friends, Johanna Siegmann, wrote a book on this very subject called The Tao of Tango.
if that wasn't the case, maybe they would feel more reassuring.
So thanks David, way to show us once again, that while Bud Selig is an idiot and Roger Goodell is a dictator, they pale in comparison to your stupidity and ‘tyrant-ness.’
Returning, resuming, I thread my way through the hospitals,
Should you, by any chance, encounter a fellow that is asking this particular question, run. Run the fuck away. Run like a whole battalion of laser-shooting robo-raptors is after you (man, that would be awesome). Or at least put the simple bastard out of his misery and sign him up for the Darwin Awards.
But the new find is another Peruvian speciality, the antichuchos. You get a plate with thin slices of marinated beef grilled on skewers. It's a slightly chewy texture, but a rich beef flavor, a bit salty from the marinade and perfectly paired with the spicy tomato salsa served on the side.
San Antonio: -2.7%
Barry Winfield, born on December 21, 1940, built Stoke-based pump engineering firm Barry Winfield & Sons from scratch and headed the firm for about 40 years. He lives in retirement near Uttoxeter, having left his son Andrew to run the family business. He had horses with the late David Nicholson and when “The Duke” retired, he kept his horses with Nicholson’s former assistant, Alan King. Winfield first met the young King at Nottingham racecourse and has established a warm friendship with the trainer over the years. Winfield’s colours of red, with red spots on white sleeves and brown cap are most famously associated with My Way De Solzen, whom he bought and owned in partnership with Jerry Wright, Andrew Longman and Clive Fenton. The gelding landed the 2006 Grade One Ladbrokes World Hurdle and the 2007 Grade One Arkle Challenge Trophy at the Cheltenham Festival, as well as Ascot’s Grade One Long Walk Hurdle in 2005. The useful handicap hurdler Mughas is another that sported Winfield’s colours. He initially owned West End Rocker in partnership with Andrew Longman but after Longman decided he wanted to sell the gelding at Brightwells Cheltenham Sale in April, 2009, Winfield reinvested along with long-time friend Tim Leadbeater, the new partnership paying £100,000 at the auction for West End Rocker. Tim Leadbeater, 67, is a director of JCB and has owned horses for many years, notably in the care of trainer Jim Wilson. Leadbeater and Wilson’s biggest successes came when Taberna Lord landed the Coral Golden Hurdle Final at the 1987 Cheltenham Festival and when Glenbrook D’Or won the 1994 Midlands National. His pink colours with purple checks and black cap have also been successful on the Flat, mainly with trainer Reg Hollinshead. John Smith’s Grand National Record: 2011 West End Rocker (BD 6th)
Grattis till alla besökare.
Meanwhile, we had fun enjoying the amenities of the playground. All the slides and climbing tubes. This is one of our favorite parks by far!
I love the fact that we had a little girl and my mate said that we now have a Gentlemens family of a Boy and Girl. Not heard that saying but I like it.
She's not rude, she's just weary of the fame and celebrity tag.
All this to say that, by senior year, I had sworn off boyfriends and was determined to have a year of uncomplicated fun. I was too good a girl to play the field so I strutted proudly among those dressed in head-to-toe black on Valentine's Day in premeditated solidarity with six other I-am-Woman-Hear-Me-Roar vixens.
The old glory days in Argentina are long gone. How I would have loved to be here in the 40s when you could choose which fabulous orchestra to dance to every night; when folks dressed to the nines and men had to have polished shoes and a coat and tie to enter a milonga, when life--and the language--was more polite and formal.
Is autumn here already?
Robert J. Hymel, 55, Woodbridge, Va.
The area appeared to have calmed down by about 10 a.m. and NATO said all the attackers had been killed. The gate at the entrance of the Green Village was destroyed, with the wreckage of the suicide bomber’s car sitting in front. The road running past the compound was littered with shoes, books, school supplies and the bloody ID card of a student from a nearby school.
In the drawer unit to the right of the center shelves I keep my Stickles in a turn table on top and my soft cutting pad, another hard cutting pad and all of my clear plastic stamp blocks in the drawers.
We understood what l’esprit d’escalier was at school, before we learned much French, because of Michael’s socks.
went to the flowers instead of the bugs, and then decided, i only
So here it is, here I am, hope you like it…it will be on my new site when it’s all up and running. I’ve decided to be who I am, not to create for others, but for myself…to be true to my gifts. This comes from a great line of feeling the fear and doing it anyway!! Here goes….
Large racial differences remain: 73 percent of black children are born outside marriage, compared with 53 percent of Latinos and 29 percent of whites. And educational differences are growing. About 92 percent of college-educated women are married when they give birth, compared with 62 percent of women with some post-secondary schooling and 43 percent of women with a high school diploma or less, according to Child Trends.
If any of my followers leave me I will hunt them down like a motherfucker.
The authors apparently violated good scientific practice by redundant publication almost 10 years ago. They presumably benefited from this (undeserved?) inflation of their lists of publications. It is desirable to inform the scientific public in the most transparent way without waiting for reluctant authors to reply to forbearing editors despite obvious preponderance of evidence.
I've buried under prideful vines
The move towards detention regulation is also supported by OOIDA who has always contended that detention time was the most common cause of loss of revenue and violation of HOS regulations by drivers.
The clothing optional section starts about 300m north from the surf lifesaving club and is clearly marked by this sign.
After my easy workout, I got back in my car and drove a few miles downtown to the Nashville Women’s Half Marathon 5k course I will be doing in less than a month I wanted to drive the course and see what to expect. It looks like it will be a good course. There are a few hills but nothing too daunting.
Poems published in books or on the Internet (including Facebook and other on-line social networks) are not eligible. If your poem has been published in a periodical, you may submit it provided that you retain copyright, but please include publication data.
I smoke.
Freddy & The Dreamers I’m telling you now UK
And to reassure NCR landowner who may have doubts, he nominates Deputy Chief Minister (Alfred) Jabu (Numpang) as the man to be in charge.
Guarau: "I only see my wife once every three months when I scrape up enough of my wages to go back to India."
Chinese Beautiful
Burger King uses hundreds of millions of eggs and tens of millions of pounds of pork annually, and its decision could be a game-changing move in the supply business as a huge new market opens up for humanely raised food animals.
The man singled out Helen Zille as among those who should be killed.
I don’t know buddy, but I like your questions. Also, do you think I could catch a windspren if I sat out in one of these highstorms? I’ll find a place under a rock, and I think I’ll put out an open cage, with a Kaladin doll inside.
The book is an illustrated gift book of romantic verse, in German,
Today I have the pleasure to share how you can have fresh, beautiful holiday greens for your home, whether shipped or decorated by the wonderfully sweet Diane Pfeifle of Hoh River, WA.
Come to Jesus. Fall on Jesus. Cry to Jesus.
Start a new tradition this Christmas Eve for the children in your lives by sending this special "It's a Book! It's a Card!" edition of the traditional retelling.
thank-you Danny, for this gift of your story, to not only know a deeper you, but also a deeper me. i believe this connection is the only thing that can save us in the end.
"Sure, anything you want." The man waited, wondering, trying to guess the wish based on the little bit he knew about this boy. Would he ask for world peace? Or a million dollars? Maybe just a new game system, he thought with a wry smile.
It has been my observation that Christians who adopt the label of Messianic identify more with the tenets of Judaism than they do with the tenets of Christianity. Many reject the label of Christian altogether and some eventually even convert to Judaism.
Now, for my creation... This lovely stamp is from Tickled Pink, she is just so sweet isn't she? I have coloured her with Copics and the DP, Sentiment and Cardstock is SU. The flowers, lace and charmes are from my stash.
No more broken men
Her Hair Long and Golden… Eyes so Blue, it Hurts the Sea
Narrator Doctor who?
Pete Swanson's newest album is a pulsing, aggressive noise record that blends the industrial menace of his former band Yellow Swans with dancefloor techno and glitchy 90s IDM. It's a potent blend, and the album's six epic compositions churn with noisy waves of distortion weaving between the pounding techno beats, with bits and pieces of electronic detritus flying around the edges. On the closer, "Face the Music," the techno reference point is hidden, nearly erased by the volatile onslaught of digital noise; it feels, rather than sounds, like there's an actual techno track hidden somewhere in the mix, a ghostly subliminal presence that exists only as the faintest forward pulse hidden at the core of the dense sound. The opening track, "Misery Beat," is more direct in its rhythmic drive, and in between these two extremes Swanson explores various intersections between dance music, abstraction and noisy catharsis. [buy]
8. How did you become interested in 3? I started watching it when it first aired
My mom & I were actually going to head to the mall before it all started and we were glad we didn’t go. Although her car might not have been dented if we had left, but I’m glad we got to see the hail. I have never seen hail that large.
If you find yourself in this mode of thinking, I’ve got a news flash for you: reality doesn’t give a damn what you think; it doesn’t give a damn what the president thinks. And casting blame hither and yon will do nothing to change that. Sorry to burst your bubble.
This guide should be on all clothing optional beaches right next to the "Nudity Permitted" official signs to ensure that all visitors to the beach know what behaviour is expected and what will not be tolerated by the other beach users.
By an order in council of the 8th of September 1873 it was decreed that services should be held in all Icelandic churches to commemorate fhe millenary anniversary of the first settlement in Iceland, and it was left to the Bishop of Iceland to decide upon a day and the choice of a text for the service.
But hold on, I'm not done yet. What would a birthday be without gifts??? And this time, the gifts are from me, to you. Yes, you! All my darling friends and followers who have all been so kind and supportive throughout the years, no matter how tough times were. It's just a way for me to say how grateful I am for YOU. :)
“Frank,” she said, hugging the black sweatshirt to her body. Her knees bent together and she shivered as the cool air form the hallway rushed into her room. He stepped in, taking Maybe into his embrace, then kicked shut the door and pressed his face into her neck. She smelled like the sweat of sleep and his lust could not be contained. Frank tore the loose shirt over her head, catching the slow motion wave of her hair as it obscured the sight of her reddening face, then gathered her up, carrying Maybe to the bed where he set her down and proceeded to undress. She circled his waist with her long arms and tasted the strong muscle that sprang from his loosed trousers. Frank dropped his jacket and the bottle inside clanked against the floor, but he thirsted only for Maybe now. She reached up and pulled him down into an iron grip and they rocked back and forth, like the ebb and flow of a gentle evening tide, until the storm broke itself upon the rising sands and crashed into a sublime wave that washed all of their cares out to sea.
with cloves
For those who know me well, they will not be surprised that the answer to the question "How's the kitchen coming?" is that it isn't done yet. I felt I needed to renovate a bathroom before I finished the kitchen. Cuz that's how I roll.
“Conversion may come under many shapes, and it may be brought about in many ways. With some men it needs a cataclysm, as a stone may be broken to fragments by the fury of a torrent; but with some it comes gradually, as a stone may be worn away by the ceaseless fall of a drop of water.”
The fact that the Board has, as a matter of rule, passed every budget that has been presented to it with little or no depth of inquiry is inconsequential.
But TYWLS also goes the extra mile — bringing in Cool Women with Hot Jobs (from Estee Lauder, Goldman Sachs and AT&T) to inspire the girls to dream big when it comes to potential career paths. Fundraising allows the schools to offer teachers comprehensive professional development and students are encouraged to take advantage of summer internships, academic competitions and opportunities to grow intellectually. And every one of the 2,000 TYWLS girls, 74% of whom come from economically disadvantaged families, is encouraged to lead, work collaboratively, and strive for personal excellence.
The timing certainly couldn’t be more right, since in “a study published in 1996, the US Air Force proposed a pandemic in 2009.”
what passes for the new:
Then I first "met" my husband (via facebook) and saw that he was into Star Trek. When a friend asked me what I thought of him (this was before I even met him) I said (literally) "he's into Star Trek, nuff said". Needless to say I am now married to him.
Me (a.k.a. Cinderella)
Swiss Dots Cuttlebug folder
I think that's going to mean a fabric purchase as I only have scraps in these colors.
Distilleries
5. Unforgiveness comes when personal trust has been violated.
Sort of brings about a physiological reaction in me as well, come to think of it.
Nice little symbiotic family. Such cooperation. One goal – establishing the Khilafah.
1 slowly
A vector is declared like so (Although the number of elements is optional):
Amber kept shaking it, trying to clear the weird dull feeling and get her mind into order. How did she know this man? The knowledge she sought shifted and evaded her grasp, as though it was a living thing and could anticipate her. The haze in her head lifted long enough that she saw the silver-haired man clearly at last. His eyes were cold as he stared into hers, pupils narrowed and an edge of darkness about his handsome face.
- My wife says: I don’t like fighting, but I keep watching it anyway. Apart from when I’m falling asleep watching it.
I recently came across an article in Time Business by Margaret Heffernan that shared the secrets of people who are very productive. I was a little surprised at a couple of the habits so I thought I would share them with you. According to the article it boils down to four things. 1 – These people have a life. The article suggests academic research keeps showing external commitments are highly correlated with high achievement. 2 – They take breaks. From what I understand when you get tired you can quickly become rigid and narrow-minded and a quick break may be all that is needed to get those creative, productive juices going again (more on that later). 3 – These people have often worked in different industries. While this makes sense to me I was surprised to see it on the list. Having a diverse background allows you to see different frameworks and approaches. We discussed this in the Diversity Enhances Productivity post from November 2011. 4 – The final attribute – these people have great outside collaborators and networks. What the article really suggests is productive people have very wide, rich resources to call on. The secret to productivity isn’t the latest tool or being better organized, it’s having a complete life.
The front desk staff call me because my patient is causing a scene in the lobby. As I go out to the lobby, I hear the following interaction/soliloquy.
Blog/Shop/Biz Goals:
The Marvel Universe has never seen such a perfect depiction of a bad trip. It’s a beautiful thing.
Since we moved from Senegal (West Africa) where we lived for two years when our first child was 10 months old, I didn’t pick a theme for our girl’s room (or nursery) until we moved to Okinawa, Japan, our onward assignment. By the time we arrived in Okinawa, our first child reached 15 months. I wanted something atypical for her room. She started to show her favoritism in pink around 12 months and pink items started to invade our home. I was surrounded by pink all of the sudden. In order to avoid the overdose of pink, I picked red for her room. I thought the red color would add a sprinkle of whimsy to the room.
Peter Fulton (10 innings – av 26. 1st class 106 innings av 45)
Halter Wedding Dresses:
Entre Nous directed by Diane Kurys
Live for you, live at your highest vibration in this moment, everything will be perfect for you: timing, knowledge, contacts, development.
Rivaled only by Young Frankenstein (which I’ve already discussed) this is probably Mel Brook’s funniest film. If this movie has one flaw, it is the ending which, I think we all admit is a little forced. But even that can’t dim the surreal ingenius/ingenious of Kahn’s bizaare/bizarre stage number or Sherriff Bart holding himself hostage. There are few scenes in this film which aren’t hilarious.
On a large sheet pan, toss sweet potatoes with 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 tsp. salt, and ½ tsp. black pepper until evenly coated. Roast at 400 degrees for 20 minutes.
Despite being a global superstar, however, she still held on to her love for ecclectic fashion.
'Tis the season ladies. Nab yourself a few extra packets of overpriced razors and get those gams ready for shorts. Before I dive into my short shorts post, I gotta say this, there are few things I hate overpaying for more than shorts. I mean, comon', shorts are typically 1/4 the length of a full pair of jeans, why shall we pay at $80-$100 for a pair of designer denim shorts?
“I decided that after my day, I had earned a night at the inn. I ate my dinner and had a few drinks in the common room before sitting down in my room to read ‘The Cabin in the Woods’. Finally, I put the book away and wrote all of this down. Now, it is time to turn in for the night. I am absolutely exhausted, but it is the fatigue of a day of proud work.
So it's been a while since my last post, and a lot has been going on both personally and politically.
Loneliness focuses on self whereas Love is selfless. Ever known someone who “loved” you because they were lonely? How about someone who really loved you (regardless of what it did for them)? Notice a difference, did you?
Mountain villages clinging on the flanks, looking forward to exploring that!
It was low key, picnic-esque foods,
This is being taken to the State Fair this Saturday for delivery to their Fine Art Competition. Here is the accompanying Artist Statement:
Ok, well, it's not really me only, but my picture (from the about me, facebook, twitter...) is the one linked with the story.
Mondo and I are delighted that so many of you have made it across to listen in live, but appreciate that a rigid radio time slot (with no 'listen again' facility as yet) is not as convenient to everyone as podcasting. So we are attempting to make our own recordings of the live shows, to continue with the podcasting option for those who can't tune in live.
e-merchant is the e-commerce platform and services offer of the Pixmania Group (part of Dixons Retail).
Do you remember playing the secret game when you were young? Someone would whisper a few short sentences into the first person’s ear and then the first person would repeat the secret into the next person’s ear and so on and so on. Do you remember what happened at the end? Of course! Those few short sentences would wind up be contorted and distorted into some type of funny scenario.
The other scenario is this:
Next time we do this, or think about consulting something before God, it would be a good reminder to think of a brightly colored sticky note from God stuck to it with a simply worded and “to the point” reminder from Him, reminding us to seek Him first.
Probably one of the most amazing things one can do in the Kruger National Park is to go on an early morning bushwalk. Admittedly this means rousing oneself at the ungodly hour of 04h30 in order to meet the guide at 05h15 and then facing an incredibly freezing drive in an open Landrover to the walking spot. Given it’s winter, temperatures are a bit extreme – down to about 2 degrees in the early morning (never mind the windchill factor), and up to over 30 degrees come midday.
'A Glossary of Bread' is the story of a girI coping with an itinerant childhood and a mysterious but strict and bad-tempered father. The story takes the structure of a dictionary and is built around definitions, drawn from different editions of dictionaries, of the different kinds of bread she encounters as they move around the country. To me this structure is indispensable, essential, and indeed came to me right at the start – it is the story – because it carries in a very concrete way the meaning, ie the idea that situations and indeed meanings which can seem rigid, laid down in stone, are in fact questionable and subject to change. 'Leaf Memory' consists of the splicing of two narratives, the protagonist's first-person memory of being pushed in a pram by her grandmother interwoven with the starker (and italicized) authorized family version of her grandmother's life. As far as I was concerned, this was the only way to tell this story: it was both the way that 'came to me' and it was the way that, when I thought about it editorially, best conveyed the impact of the difference between two dynamic but clashing realities or versions of the truth. In fact, this story – and much of my work generally – is about the fact that the ways in which we tell stories, the modes we use to tell them, can very much affect their meanings.
I see them as integrated into my life and as part of me–but I don’t give them my heart… I give my mind to them.. and my body.. but my emotions–they are so secondary in most of my experience–that they aren’t really something that I either can or feel is appropriate to give…
- Preserved Apple, Brussels Sprouts, Candied Black Walnuts
NON-PARTICIPATION - believe it or not, I started a list. Each time I clicked a link to a blog that wasn't playing along, I wrote down their number, but I got bored and stopped doing it. I know stuff happens and a bunch of bloggers do have exciting lives off their computers (lucky), but if you have no intentions of participating, please don't sign up just to increase traffic to your blog. (a nice little blurb stating you know you signed up, but something came up is always a great idea)
I think one of my barn friends thought it was a little harsh to let her feel a rail if she took one. BUT...look at the last picture. These are 8 foot long rails. They're not that thick. They are much lighter than a real stadium rail. Klein is a big pony. I don't think her knocking one of those with no boots on would really hurt her, do you? If I did I would never do it. I have heard the stories of BNT's using metal rails, "poleing" horses aka hitting them in the knees as they go over a fence to make sure they get their knees up, putting rail road ties in front of rails so a horse could possibly hit one if they get lazy. THOSE are unacceptable. A thin 8ft long rail in shallow plastic jump cups, is not. And, if she didn't learn I wouldn't do it either. I know there are some horses out there that either wouldn't learn or wouldn't care enough to stop taking rails. It took once for Klein.
Time to Complete: 7 hours
Tomorrow, I'm off again, on another roadtrip, to take MC to her dad's house, and her boyfriend to his home. It will be a brief trip because, quite frankly, I'm exhausted. I may not be as young as I used to be.
Chris and I began celebrating Christmas last weekend. We went to Lepanto to celebrate the holidays with my family. Chris calls it the, "The Triple Crown of Christmas" because we spend one day with just my parents then the others with my grandparents for a grand total of 3 parties. I forgot my big new camera and my old point and shoot camera just broke so I have no pictures (I am so mad).
HR at this point looked like a deer in the head lights.
**And, don't take it to a seamstress. It must roll on them or something because it cost $20 for the 3 backgrounds to be serged! They were also a lot smaller when I got them back. But, they still looked nice and I know the way my girls are with theirs so I hope they like them too.
Sometime later (time had lost its meaning) JP showed up with truck #2, Tex, and the kids. (The kids who were now hungry with two parents who had no food for them.) Now the unloading went into hyper speed, and we just tried to find places to put all the boxes (and keep Claire out of the pool). At one point, when Landon was asking again when we'd be able to eat, he let out a long sigh with "Mom, this day is not fun at all." Fair enough, though he did enjoy helping the movers.
colors speaking, closing in around me.
On Saturday, April 21st, a large group of us attended the Charles H. Wright African-American Museum as a culturally-relevant field trip. Our principal organized the trip, and it was a great learning experience. Our museum docent, Yolanda, was amazing!!!! If you have the opportunity to attend the museum, you should request her as a guide. Following the museum, we visited Southern Fires restaurant for a delicious lunch in good company.
I wish I had the answer. I'd like to say that if both genders valued real connection over one hour stands, then the shift would occur out of necessity. But I can't see that happening as long as people think that "keeping it simple" actually keeps anything simple or creates anything real (except for those STDs, of course-- those you get to keep).
His pockets filled with cash and stones and it was originally recorded as a suicide but police believe he was murdered by the Mafia after a bungled money laundering operation.
16 The Power Of Positive Drinking
2/3 cup pickling salt.
I am trying to decide if, when and how I should reach out to this couple. I don't want to overstep my bounds as I have never met them. Hell, I don't even know their names. Do I give them a list of resources; online forums, grief support groups, my phone number? Do I send them a card via the sitter?
Watching a movie on the TV, with a bowl of popcorn and Mummy’s home made chai/coffee being disturbed by the adverts in the middle of it all is a pleasure in itself. AM I right? Ok. maybe not the adverts but it is still a pleasure in itself.
I swapped those out with two cheap cabinets from Home Depot that painted in BM Rockport Gray. I also happened to find an old lab table with a slate top that was the perfect size and height for an island.
It upsets me that a drug which could help millions of people around the world isn’t being given the time of day due to the way the current healthcare/ drug development/ private rehab system works. It is so WRONG.
"So, technically, we aren't married yet?"
Interior magazines and publications are a source of an inspiration to me. I love to browse
I've learned some things about Legos. If you like assembling things, you love them because they're so precise. But the play value doesn't end there. You can change them around, borrow from this piece and add to that one. You can supplement your "grownup" small-size Legos with the bigger Duplos you've been playing with since you were two. You can take apart your enormous Duplo zoo, perhaps leaving behind all the animals but reusing the building blocks and little people.
In order to wrap up 2011, my first full year of blogging at Room Rx, I thought I would do like many other bloggers are doing this week and share my top 10 posts from the year. These are not the most viewed or most commented on, but my personal favorites, showcasing not only what has been meaningful and important to me but a few projects I am particularly proud of.
Advocates for public workers praised it for keeping the state’s promises to current employees, preferring it to the House plan.
On Tuesday, January 24, 2012 at 3:19am I gave birth to two beautiful preemies:
I will fill you in on the trip out west when my head clears...
This afternoon, my daughter’s teacher emailed me, and said the kids fought over the book on musical instruments when they got back in class.
Why would God let his son suffer such abuse? Because of his protective, paternal instinct for us. He doesn’t want to lose any of us to the ravages of the evil one, so he saved us through his son.
Sometimes a photo of one of our children in their new pajamas stops me in my tracks…they are all beautiful and vulnerable and I want to scoop them all up in my arms and hug them until they wiggle free. But today was a bit different. I felt a shiver slowly move up my spine when the photo below opened on my screen.
As for taste, the ice cream has a fresh, clear flavor. The corn syrup and cream cheese keep it from being thin or icy, in fact the texture is actually a bit fluffy. It's quite different from the muddled, rich, taste of a custard-based vanilla ice cream. My vanilla-ice-cream-loving husband really enjoyed the ice cream, which is a good thing, seeing as we have 2 quarts of it!
We've been having a bit of it here...and enjoying it, too.
Rémy: In the near future I will paint 40 or 50 boardgame minis to play. I don't want to do competition anymore, It's really a painful process to have deadline and motivation all along the way. There are so many ace painters and sculptors, they do very good stuff, I think I don't have anything to bring to mini's world for now. My ideas are for too complex or time consuming to even think to begin one. Maybe a big project will be born, only time will tell.
3. Take a picture and post it with your review and the directions, recipe, etc.
There will be a Missa Cantata sung by the excellent schola that grew in voice and stature after 14th September 2007 and I have no doubt that the faithful band of brothers and sisters, the lay members of the Confraternity of the Holy Cross and members of the LMS will turn out in honour of Our Lady of the Taper.
Huge baggy items with strange assorted zippers, buckles and belts were the order of the
In the autumn of the same year, the Bishop, Dr. Pétur Pétursson, announced that the day for the service was to be the 2nd of August and the chosen text Psalm 90, vv. 1-4 and 12-17. This decision led to the Icelandic national anthem being composed and its theme was suggested by the chosen text.
I’ve been married for 34 years and we have 3 children. But my son’s version of our family dynamics included a mean step-mother. She lived for about a year when he was 4 years old. He told teachers and friends about her and when they would meet me, I was eyed with suspicion and distrust. But he didn’t really make her up; he simply was growing into the ability to separate reality from fantasy. I didn’t take it personally and we still laugh about it.
The following is a treatment that can not only help get rid of your scalp issues but help you keep your scalp healthier overall. A happy scalp leads to less headaches, faster growth, and better hair.
So anyway, I love the whole candy, roses, and love idea. One thing though. Your supposed to show people you love that you love them every day. So why did they make a holiday about it? It should be V-Day everyday!
Sharing here:
Repetition to the contrary, I definitely had a series of mini panic-attacks in the three days before my procedure. Every light in the corner of my eye, every bump, every afterimage, was a bad sign. When we finally made it to the waiting room, there were three people, and even a trashy magazine or two. I filled out minimal paperwork. Two minutes later, they called me back to the actual waiting room, the one filled with shoe lifts and boring magazines.
Home Ec is not just for teenagers-- it's for everyone, everywhere!! Leigh-Ann, Rachel and I have created this sewing e-course for beginners and those who want to develop and polish their sewing skills! No sewing skills required-- we'll start right at the beginning (how to turn on and work your sewing machine).
One of my own series on the loving. living. small. blog is all about using your walls and the vertical space available to you. Going up is a great way to move the eyes around the space, allowing it to feel bigger. Check out Anna's small artwork gallery vignette for ideas of your own.
So how should I paint these when I get them to that stage?
"So, you fell asleep during lunch bunch?"
6. American Airlines (as well as Air New Zealand and all other airlines listed on FEWW Top 10 Most Dangerous Airlines list.)
The blessed life of right-relatedness with God became a cursed life as people discovered what happens when God honours their choice to live without God.
But the one I really loved that we lost this week was Adam Yauch, of course. MCA. He was taken way too soon -- 47 was way too young to go, and I think that he had a lot of good left to do. And it's funny -- I was almost shocked at the outpouring of love for him on the old facebook feed. I mean, I knew on a certain level that a lot of people loved The Beastie Boys, but I didn't realize that so many of my friends would be so affected. But I guess it makes sense -- they were smarmy teenagers when we were, and we all kind of grew up together. (Though admittedly he grew up a lot better and kinder than most of the rest of us did.)
Embellishments: Flowers, Charms, Brads and Thread all from my stash
Nothing left to say in reply
Philippians 4:11-13 “I have learned to be content “strong and consistent” whatever the circumstances. 12 I know what it is to be in need, and I know what it is to have plenty. I have learned the secret of being content “strong and consistent” in any and every situation, whether well fed or hungry, whether living in plenty or in want. 13 I can do all this through him who gives me strength.”
5. Use the right sized pots for your burners. If you use too big of a pot or pan on a small burner, it will take too much energy to heat it up all the way. (Plus, who wants to wait that long?)
Mum xxx
So, it's with great JOY that I tell you, "IT IS FINISHED!" We are Fully Funded! All we need now is to pass court and go get our boys!
But first it is interesting to know how we know Latin was spoken and there was a Roman Empire. We know it from books more than a thousand years old. And our primary knowledge of the age of those books, distinct from carbon dating of manuscripts and indeed predating carbon dating of anything, is the fact that each generation both recalls the previous one and trusts its direct testimony. We know that if we go back from Sarkozy, we reach one de Gaulle who ruled in Gaul when I was born. We know that if we go back there was a Pétain who shared powers over Gaul with Hitler 28 years earlier. We know that if we go back even earlier, there was a Clémenceau who shared powers with a Wilson not over Gaul but over Germany, ousting the Kaiser from Berlin. Earlier than that - before grandpa was born - there was a Napoleon III who was beaten by the armies of another ruler in Berlin. Now, before going into that, if grandpa had known someone quite other than Clémenceau ruled Gaul and dictated with Wilson over Germany in 1918 (he lived back then) but they had changed the story under his lifetime, he would have told me of such a funny change in the story everyone is hearing about Gaul. And certainly he would have been able to rely on his father's testimony for the defeat of Napoleon III being no invention, if not directly - he was separated from his father when very small - at least indirectly, through older siblings who had stayed longer with greatgrandfather. Yes, he even knew the reliability of recent history through his brother in law, although that was not a man he liked. And similarily any step backward is covered as survival of the news in memory rather than reinvention of news and forgetting the memories of each generation backward. From Napoleon III on can go back to Louis-Philippe, from Louis-Philippe to Charles X, who conquered and Algeria which de Gaulle abandoned. From Charles X and Louis XVIII we get back to Napoleon I, uncle of Napoleon III. From Napoleon we get back to Robespierre, from Robespierre to Louis XVI, and then the dynastic way of rulers (sometimes skipping a generation or two, due to premature deaths in sickness or battle, like the king of Sweden succeeded his grandfather because his father was killed in an accident) Louis XV, Louis XIV, Louis XIII, Henri IV.
If the final y is preceded by a vowel, the rule does not apply: journeys, essays, obeying, repaying.
Perhaps the most detailed book available on the yogic meaning of the prime seed mantras and letters of the Sanskrit alphabet along with their application for body, mind and spirit. Unfolds secrets of how to use mantra with pranayama and many esoteric meditation practices. Examines the usage of mantras in all the main branches of Yoga (Hatha, Raja, Bhakti, Jnana), Tantra, Veda, Ayurveda, Jyotish and Vastu, as well as relative to Kundalini and the chakras and major Hindu deities. An excellent reference guide for years to come.
I quickly feel the unmistakeable snapping of ribs. My instant reaction is to let off the pressure but I know what has to be done. I continue to pound away while the doctor and nurses scramble with heart stimulating drugs and paddle shocks. Minutes seem like hours as I stare into his eyes, hoping to see a glimmer of consciousness. 15 minutes...25 minutes...35 minutes...
Unless you want me to --
This seems like an excellent topic.
“NOOOOOO!”
“We ain’t exactly Wonderland, Jimmy.”
Romans 4:13-17
Fold your strip of fabric in half lengthwise and tie a knot in the end...
I'm tired of being told that out of "tolerance for other cultures" we must let Saudi Arabia use our oil money to fund mosques and mandrassa Islamic schools to preach hate in America , while no American group is allowed to fund a church, synagogue or religious school in Saudi Arabia to teach love and tolerance.
(your very basic summer house attire, leather shorts and shit and yes, every once in a while i actually do brush my hair)
― Robert Frost
“Transformational Life Mapping” with Tina Amorok (part 2 of 4)
My oldest daughter, now a senior, is unable to balance a check book or address an envelope on her own. I know she could figure it out...she is an extremely bright girl! But she is graduating not knowing these real life skills!!! My mom had been helping her one on one to get through her last class (government) and she told me that she had never learned so much in her life! That's when the light bulb really went on in my mind and I could feel God's encouragement to consider this "home school thing" for my two youngest.
- ¼ tsp salt
Figure 1 — SixDegrees.com’s First Main Page — First Social Network
Number of books I’ve read today: 0 (Friday was a slow reading day. Only managed 130 pages--about half the current book)
A keen-edged sword, a soldier’s heart,
Holly Kauffman Named Vice President Operations, Jersey Central Power & Light
5.) Led Zeppelin - Communication Breakdown - Page stole Whole Lotta Love from Willie Dixon; at least here I don't know who he nicked it from (I still love the thieving bastard).
You can call it TMNT grilled cheese (especially if you want to post about it on your geek-themed blog), or you can just call it yummy.
The Civilians presents the world premiere of In the Footprint, a new play with music at the Irondale Center in Fort Greene. The site of the future Atlantic Yards Project, including the Barclays basketball arena, is located two blocks away from the theater where In the Footprint chronicles the conflicts surrounding the largest land development project in Brooklyn's history. This lively theatrical production is inspired by interviews with the real-life players in the controversy, representing many different perspectives: Daniel Goldstein, residents of Prospect Heights and Fort Greene, political leaders such as Letitia James and Marty Markowitz, members of Develop Don't Destroy Brooklyn, union members, and project supporters such as ACORN's Bertha Lewis.
They died in action on 15.2.1921
December 6
Vinay: When I first came to KIS, I had a very low GPA. Being here inspired me to work hard. The full IB programme is challenging, but I kept a course load that I could manage. Procrastinating is the worst enemy!
“And that prophet, or that dreamer of dreams, shall be put to death…Thou shalt surely kill him, and thou shalt stone him with stones, that he die…”
Joanne Ahladiotis, 27, New York, N.Y.
2. Technology
Women, being all soft and sensitive and mothery and shit, should act as a civilizing force on men.
No pictures with Giada
How to be normal
A poker player can win money back from the rake by signing up with an online poker affiliate. The concerned poker room keeps a track of the amount a player pays during the particular month. If a player has signed up through any of the affiliates, then that particular affiliate is paid by the poker room. The affiliate is paid a percentage for making that particular player join poker game. For almost every single hand that is played, the poker website receives their particular share and a part of it is given back through the affiliated rakeback website.
Abdullah said the strong growth of the country’s Gross Domestic Product over the past five years, averaging 5.6 per cent annually, was the first factor considered by the government in determining the quantum of the pay hike.
Blue - Green - White and Tan or brown.
Trying not to read too far into things usually leads to reading too far into things.
In the piece I identify two fundamental questions we must grapple with: How do we define ‘leadership’? And how does that definition lead to continued waste of one of the country’s most valuable resource: women’s capacity for transformative leadership?
1. J.Crew "and I quote"NEW AND UPDATED WEBSITE. My arse! Ok for about 2 weeks, I couldn't even pull up J.Crew, then it was all "NULL/$" and "No sizes" - ARGGGHHH. Then, my hub said try viewing it through Internet Explorer (instead of Firefox, which I use) - which helped, I got to see the sizes of the clothing for sale but it was sooooo slow.
“walk out the door and start training again. Get back on the horse mate. We all have bad days. It is what we do after them that defines us. Get back out there, and march forward. Its only one race. Learn, change and move forward.”
it not so sweet, a welcome
Just when you thought you can finally dig in after all the effort… Wait, not yet.
‘Hey… we’re here for you,’ my voice cracked a little. ‘And you’re not alone. Please remember that. Don’t torture yourself by keeping everything inside and hiding away.’
Mumford and Sons put Shakespeare on a 21st century rock album with “Sigh No More.” “Oh, man is a giddy thing…”
Thanks to all of you who have generously made and sent QAYG blocks, we have been able to help over 400 people with a quilt so far this year. I have another box of crocheted blankets, knitted hats and scarves and quilts which are packed and ready to post off to another group which helps the homeless in Melbourne and surrounds.
I thought that this would be a new step but seems like all other kind of inventions in the it world. At the end it is only with hte purpose of money as usual. The amount of money for big companies or even small companies is important at this time.
So close those eyes, no need to pin me
Resolve to not do anything
Binondo, Manila; a young woman is found murdered in a room above the bar where she works as a cabaret singer. Cyrus Ledesma of the Philippines Police force is sent to investigate. Binondo, is Manila’s Chinatown, and as a mestiso (half Chinese, half Filipino) is also Ledesma’s home turf.
Winner: Julie Bowen, Modern Family
Unzipping the file will create a directory with the name "BCS." Open the file "index.htm" inside (note: it looks terrible in Safari. Use Firefox or Chrome, and make sure your pop-up blocker is disabled.) Okay, you can go to town generating barrels, sacks, and crates of stuff. Neat enough. But wait! There's more!
The means by which must be achieved is through the ballot box, with an annual referendum. The budget must, each year, be submitted to the people for approval, and comes into force only once approved. The politicians must make their case, put their arguments, and then ask us for the money ... and they have to say please. We, the people, decide whether they get it. We, the people, have the power to say no.
And while I'm feeling sorry for myself because I'm not in Louisiana for Mardi Gras, and try to find the Mardi Gras Mambo on YouTube to cheer myself up, instead I find something that reminds me in more than one way of how little I truly have to bitch about:
3. Target is now carrying foo dogs, or "fudog" as they like to call it.
April 5– Saturday– Buxieres-des-Mines, France– Birth of Louis Gaston Ganne, composer and conductor.
Electroweb
6. Hot, buttered naan bread as a midnight snack
100 ml semi-skimmed milk
There you have it. Our Monthly update. That's a bit late but... hey.... late is better than never, right?
The group was then joined by Bassist Derek Smalls, Keyboardist Viv Savage, and a long series of Drummers, most of whom died under mysterious circumstances while with the band. One drummer died in a freak gardening accident, one dying after choking on the vomit of an unknown person (you can’t dust for vomit), one drummer who died under such mysterious circumstances that Police reports actually indicated that it was a “mystery best left unsolved”, and one who actually died of spontaneous combustion while on stage during a concert.
The manual searching and comparison of fired bullets and cartridge cases became an impossible task to manage. There simply wasn’t enough manpower or time to analyze those exhibits according to the established protocols. A Canadian firm, Walsh Automation, offered a solution and soon every ballistic lab in the country had an automated system installed, known as IBIS (short for ‘Integrated Ballistic Identification System’).
Hadi Zakaria …. thank you for being you and giving us the opportunity to bask in your love. Thank you Ya Rabb for allowing us to be in his company even though for a short while …. Thank You!
I also helped Isabel in making show-cards for an upcoming book signing for Robert Hardman’s new book, Our Queen. A show-card is a large poster board containing information on the author’s event and also adds colour to the display.
8. If possible, runners should buy significant others T-shirts which can be worn without regard to running the race. (see guide #1). Keep in mind, they support your "running Jones" more than you think. They also have ways of punishing you that you can't even imagine. Or maybe you can.
- Monogram Canvas with natural leather trim and Golden hardware, sometime will comes with silver hardware
All-Star and Hall-of-Fame autographs
Until I come back to this Pandora’s box.
And while Tom and I both love more foods than we ever knew existed (I mean, we fight over kale and Brussel sprouts), we still have our individual preferences.
Each article a dead man or woman, their bodies – or parts of their bodies at least – found. Suggestions, hints, daring allusions to the fact that some might have been eaten. Other articles, items, from the Sunday papers, series on human monsters, Fish, Chikalito, Dahmer, Meiwes, arranged around these more local, more recent cases.
I called again. Still no answer.
A gray night in June.
1. Boil the potatoes whole with the skin in salted water until cooked.
Then we headed to a place called Whippletree Junction--a quaint little town-like place with shops and guilds built from old buildings they have collected from all over Canada.
Thanks so much, Julie. This has been lots of fun. Happy New Year to you and your readers.
Have any of you been in a Dunkin Donuts drive-through, and the car in front of you had nine women in it? Did you pull out of line, park, and walk inside, or did you pull out that three-hundred page paperback book you’ve been dying to read? This happened to me the other morning as I stopped in for my usual large hot coffee with cream and sugar.
ANY NEPALESE SPECIALTIES?
glory and excellence, by the power of The Holy Spirit. Amen!
WHEN & WHERE: Items can be delivered to: Hillsides 940 Avenue 64, Pasadena, CA 91105
Okay, so, SUCH A GOOD IDEA! For $5 you get emailed a pdf (for those of you that don't know, it's a type of file for your computer that you can open and print) that you can print of color coded by month, weekly calendar. If that didn't make sense I apologize, I'm beyond exhausted right now. You print them out, write in the days of the week, and then instead of just having a single block or being broken up by hour it has morning, afternoon, and evening spots. You can punch holes in it and put it in a binder and the best news for you perfectionists like me, if you mess something up you can just print out another and copy it over!! Love love love this.
Here is a Sneek Peek at just one of the Ready to Ship Dog collars that we will be offering during our March Madness Sale.
Sir Colin Davis has a lengthy history with the work; he recorded it with the Staatskapelle Dresden – Weber’s own orchestra, of course, and Wagner’s too – twenty years ago, and these two performances have been recorded for release on LSO Live. This was not a reading of incendiary drama such as one hears on Carlos Kleiber’s legendary recording, also with the Dresden orchestra, but won over as one can hardly fail to be by that performance, it is easy to forget how unorthodox it is. Take, for instance, the waltz in the first act, preceding Max’s recitative and aria. Kleiber’s tempo is, on the face of it, bizarrely fast, though somehow it works. Furtwängler takes it far more slowly, as did Davis, though his reading sounded closer to the sound and at times implacability one might have expected from a Klemperer Freischütz. (Now there is a thought; he certainly conducted it in his youth; indeed he made his debut at the Prague Deutsches Landestheater with it, in 1907.) These were sturdier peasants; I can imagine some finding the results staid by comparison, but there was actually a subtler vigour at work.
he's got it all worked out, that bonz.
Please know that I do plan for this to be my first and ONLY pity post. I almost called it Pity Party - table for one! I get down but then I spring back up. That is what I hope to do in the next 24-48 hours!
Siemens argued that the judge was wrong in construing its patent as meaning that the notion of "facilitating" carried with it any element of practical benefit or that the practical benefits had to be capable of appreciation by a practical user, and that he also erred in holding that the fusion of the coating to the board had to be by heat alone. Thorn appealed against the finding of infringement, submitting that Mann J's findings were not supported by the evidence, and also and also maintaining that should have given a more purposive interpretation to the word "assignment" in section 33(3), so as to cover the mergers of the sort that had occurred here.
wood
Global smartphone sales to end users reached 115 million units in the third quarter of 2011, up 42% from the third quarter of 2010, Gartner said.
Will Katie be able to fool the awaiting media and live up to being a stand-in for the world’s most famous movie star? Can an ordinary girl fill the most famous Manolos on the planet? And whatever will happen to her pledge never, under any circumstances, to fall in love again?
Belinda :)
Peninah
Race record – Starts: 35; 1st: 15; 2nd: 4; 3rd: 3; Win & place prize-money: £766,407
n the present day:
Wow - after looking at the blogs for the other finalists, I am just humbled to be included... what amazing entries.
I'll be headed to Lowe's this evening to pick up a couple supplies for this weekend... we're about to start our biggest DIY project yet—painting the kitchen cabinets! We're finishing up the open shelving installation tonight (I couldn't be happier with them, btw). I'll have an update in a few days with our progress.
Joe: There must be an unwritten rule that states the size of the dog should be inversely proportionate to the size of the RV. Next time you are in a campground, see if the St. Bernard doesn't belong to the owner of the van camper. And notice the size of the dog sitting in the pocket of the person that just got out of the 40-foot fifth-wheeler. Go figure!
Some were pushing baby carriages and carrying young children on their shoulders. Many held clever homemade posters.
:: super sad that the first season of Once Upon A Time came to an end last night... Lauren and I have absolutely loved watching every episode together... what will we watch this summer
Canterbury 5.0% to 5.5% (16,400 to 18,800)
$195 - Includes Free U.S. Shipping
the shadows of your throat with my charcoal
We have always known that there were strange parallel events happening in our lives. We decide that we like the same thing at the same time, we have babies at the same time despite being in two different countries…. what’s that? oh yes, didn’t I say that we live in two different countries? Whilst I hang with the dreaming spires of Oxford, George is based mainly in Amsterdam… what’s that? oh yes, didn’t I mention that she also lives in Poland? It would simply be too easy if we could just get in the rehearsal room together at the same time!
After laying around for awhile, my sister suggested a sushi lunch. You don't have to twist my arm to take me out to sushi, so I immediately said yes and jumped in the shower ready to GO!
13 Green Eyed Lady 3:35
whether or not we believe in superstition, it's just a funny way to look at things sometimes.
In ten or twenty years you will be able to recount what happened today with more and more embellishments until you’ve completely altered that reality and funneled it into the world of myth.”
Bake at 150°C for 2 hours. Lower temperature to 120°C and bake for a further 2 hours.
I finally went up to the mother and asked, “Is that your child?”
Sitting with a pint of larger and a gaggle of friends (maybe a boyfriend). Feeling a moral victory as City were not ,all, about money. The great fan loyalty that saw season ticket sales rise when we were relegated. Living with a boyfriend on the street next to the ground, watching the people streaming past the house, the streets filled with cheers. Catching sight of players in bars, a drink with a football player.
Being aware that RSI is a possibility will help you to stop it becoming an actuality.
Oh, that was a normal fan letter. But, they're so, so sweet to take the trouble. Because, when you retire, obviously your royalties will go down gradually. I've been retired over twenty years now; about 1988 was the last time I wrote fiction and 1989 I finished with my only non-fictional book, which was about frigates – which taught me to be more modest about... Well, I realised how little I knew when I started writing it! However, since then, obviously the royalties go down and down and down gradually until they buy the claret, and then the claret becomes not so good, and then it's Cru Bourgeois, and now it's Chilean.
Grant, who is a life member of the Akron Railroad Club, writes in Twilight Rails that although a vast network of rails covered the nation by 1900, some still believed that the nation’s railroad network was far from complete.
ME: Excuse me. I was wondering if you could tell me what section a book I was looking for was in?
and the only reason i have to go through this is because SOMEONE at hetzner through a small fit about naked people.
First, stick a bunch of evergreen clippings into the dirt. No rhyme or reason really, I just stuck a bunch of them in. Next, stick something tall in the center. I used some curly willow branches I had in a vase inside. I haphazardly added some white lights at this point, stood back and decided it was a little too blah. So I took some clippers to our holly bushes which are very festively in bloom with lots of red berries at the moment. Magnolia leaves would have been nice too. But ours grow at a near glacial pace and I felt bad clipping anything from them. Finally, add some color with shatterproof ornaments. I rigged mine up on some stakes.
you are a successful trader, speculator, investor, money manager, and is typical have little patience. Something has been bothering you. You have been reading Zero Hedge long enough that you are now absolutely convinced that TEOTWAWKI is indeed nigh, and it could well be quite violent. You have also decided that you want to do something to prepare, beyond getting short the equity markets and going long gold and silver coins, but you do not know what to do, exactly. The HELP function on your Bloomberg terminal is, unsurprisingly, not helpful. A quick review of the government and Red Cross emergency preparedness websites tells you nothing about guns. This is problematic as you fear that we all might be returning to a time in history where it is a common occurrence to fight for one's life, and you know that we usually do that in today's day and age with guns, or a knife close in.
On the Dean Martin Show. Look at Sammy’s pants! Did we all like that back then?
I felt good except my feet! I’m in serious pain! I made a critical error and wore my Vibram five fingers. Although, they were great in the mud and on hills, I couldn’t climb walls and on the rocks they were hell! Catching a sharp rock in the arch was excruciating. It was also treacherous having to watch every step on the trails.
DBKL and Bersih 3.0 organisers are deadlocked over Dataran Merdeka as the venue for the rally, with either side refusing to yield on their respective stands.
But several people complained to police about his speech, in which he allegedly said supporters of the traditional country way of life should be given the same rights as blacks, Muslims and gays.
The Pro-Active Weapon Management System was developed to assist companies with the cost effective management of their firearm systems. Its core function focuses specifically on accountability. It was presented to the procurement sections of the SA Police and SANDF a number of years ago as a workable and cost-effective solution to the problem of weapon management in State departments, but the creators and marketers of the system were shoved around back and forth so many times that they eventually stopped marketing the product.
Clint Richardson (realitybloger.wordpress.com)
And you. Yes, you are responsible for this.
If you know me, you know that some serious analysis was about to take place. With months of prior usage at my fingertips, I figured out the plans we needed. Most of our plan minutes on Verizon were calls to other Verizon phones (free on our plan), so we had to take that into consideration.
Despite the fact I lived in England from 1981-1983, I never made it to Scotland, so I'm really looking forward to the visit.
Taking a stroll and eating good food
Yes. I am a FanFiction-er. I read FanFics and I love them! I mostly read fictions of cancelled shows because I miss them and I am a person who can not be left wondering what happens next. Which is one of the reasons why I hate watching new shows. Because if I love it, and the masses do not watch it, it will be cancelled and I will be left weeping in a corner. It is what happened to Prime Suspect, and it is what happened to Chaos.
depths of Hell
The best way to imagine the scene is to picture a stall covered in bunting, manned by shell-shocked chocolate makers. In front of them is a jostling, heaving wall of people, all seemingly absolutely desperate for a taste of dark chocolate and chilli. Occasionally the stall holder will gingerly hold out a free sample, akin to feeding ravenous penguins. I had this vision of me leaping out from the back, catching a piece of chocolate in a single bite, and then vanishing into the crowd with a self-satisfied ‘arf’.
So, let's take a look at what's been going on while we slept...
Is a piece of driftwood
This was all washed down with lashings of spiced wine and ale.
The PPK has posted eight pages of wish-lists and I-mades from this book, and the verdict comes to a total of 78 raves about recipes, far, far outweighing anything less positive. This includes Isa's post that the four she tried were wonderful. One guy's only post on the entire board ever was to rave about four of the recipes and say he was eating one right at the moment. Want to hear more? The top five spaces are occupied by
Contradictions of Man,
Over the years, many models have come and go that have made it to my “favorites” list; Iekeliene Stange, Snejana Onopka, Coco Rocha, Freja Baha Erichsen, Coco Rocha, Chanel Iman… There were a lot of them but none have ever managed to topple Lily off of my “ultimate” supermodel ranking. I still follow her stuff from time to time (the latest from a “popular” brand is Calvin Klein) and it makes me a bit sad. Sure, I am well aware of the realities of a modelling career’s longevity but I miss all of them alien girls. I miss seeing all those photos from a few years back that made me look forward to reading my next fashion blog for the day.
- consider sourcing cheaper, but equal quality product, from a cheaper supplier/source
And I’m going to ask you to support us. This weekend Boston Opera Collaborative participates in the Walk for Music and Arts with the goal of raising $11,000. This is an astronomical sum compared to our fundraising goals in our first few years, when I was president, and later public relations director.
To learn more about Karen and her books, please visit www.jorabooks.com
For this months Random Recipe Challenge, Dom decided to mix things up a little bit. We each had to select the 18th book in our collection and select something from that to cook. Book number 18 for me is Donna Hay's 'Simple Essentials - Chicken', oh how I wish the number had been number 17, then I would of got Donna Hay's 'Simple Essentials - Chocolate'!!! But I wanted to do Dom's challenge justice this month seeing as I had slightly adjusted the rules last month and stuck fast to the chicken book. Keeping true to my blog I needed to find a baked recipe and Donna did not fail ... as if she ever would!
Agathe – Christine Brewer
How do you feel in situations of enforced passivity?
security men had been deployed
Prague so far has been very cold, the highest temperature has been -4 degrees, so wrapping up every time I’ve stepped out of the flat, cafe or pub has been paramount. 2 pairs of socks are a must after having been out on the first evening for a quick recce in just one pair! We haven’t had any fresh snowfall since we arrived, but as the mercury hasn’t topped 0, it is still on the ground & giving the city a wintry crisp feel.
Tea Guys is focused on delivering the most exotic and sensory tea experience possible. Using ingredients from around the world to create blends of rare spices, fruits, flowers, and premium tea imparting a layered and lingering sensation not found with any other tea.
As you can also see, my room was made up of extra pieces of furniture from where ever I could get. The center cabinet was bought a few years ago at Home Depot for $135.00 and I told my husband, that if it doesn't fit in this cabinet then I don't need it. Well I guess I was wrong, I out grew that cabinet in a few months lol. My husband also wanted my Son to have his dresser back, UH OH is what I said. So off I went onto the Internet to see if I can find another cabinet like my big white one. And I scored again. Home Depot still carries it for almost the same price.
However, as a former barrister trained at Grays Inn, London, Roland Sagah can only be too aware of what constitutes conflict of interest. And he knows that his new career as a part-time politician/ part-time construction company director is a very good example of it.
My attacks on Ms. Thompson will have to wait, however. Next up, I'll be looking at a book subtitled "Superwomen in Modern Mythology."
Nehemiah 9:6–You alone are the LORD;
What I like about Ivy’s books in this series is the saucy and steamy and sometimes goofy dialogue between her characters. And this one has its moments. (Yes — little Levat the gargoyle is back!) But this story gets weighed down a bit with the premise of resurrecting the Dark Lord and who would want to bring him back/who loses if he is alive. It’s confusing. It takes a bit of wading through it all but you finally figure out that Laylah is protecting a baby (not hers) who some say is a vessel for the Evil Lord and some say isn’t. Of course, she thinks the baby is innocent and goes out of her way to protect her charge. And Tane — who was so menacing and freaking scary in Book 6 and Book 5 of the series — is totally enticed by Laylah. They battle and then wind up falling for each other etc. He gets caught up in her cause to save the baby as well. But because of this Dark Lord plot and the introduction of other characters — Laylah’s evil aunt who is a vampire and her sidekick bad-boy mage — the story isn’t as clean or easy to follow as her other books. Brief scenes with Caleb and Cassandra are not really developed and pop up in odd parts of the story. So, you lose a bit of the tension between Tane and Laylah and their story, which Ivy usually captures so well in her other relationships in the series.
39. Been to the opposite side of the country? - No. The farthest west I've been in North America is Chicago, Illinois when I was 3.
We love to sing songs like the bitsy spider and head shoulders knees and toes. You think I'm really funny when I sing for you. I guess there's one plus to me performing for thousands of children these past eight years.
"We support a delayed (or) advanced light at Ogilvie because at certain times of the day, making left turns from any direction can be difficult," said Mr. Cranbury, a board member of the Governor's Green Tenant's Association.
The company that sells handprint locks to Pennsylvania Courier.
How often are we divided over issues of race, gender, and sexual orientation? How often do we hold grudges against past offenders, despise those who have wounded us (either individually or communally), and refused to be reconciled? Is this what it means to be the body of Christ?
Note that if you use a midspan injector, you don’t run every network device through it – only the devices that require power. So you wouldn’t run standard Ethernet devices such as your printers or PCs through it. E.g.:
High on the rush of my own success in not crying or passing out while having blood drawn, I headed downstairs to the maternal fetal medicine center to sign in for my nonstress test. The Deuce and I were going to ROCK this! They called me back ahead of schedule, but David showed up just in time.
Catch you all soon and hopefully this bug will be gone then too
Other than dealing with this, I've been working on orders and making cards, which I still have to photograph and list, if the sun will even peek out again. I've also been trying to tat some new ornaments, but nothing seems to be working out right. I have a large stack of twisted threads and nothing finished to show for it. If I really worked the amount of false-starts into the time it takes to create a piece when I price it, I'm underselling myself by a lot more than I already know I am.
If you are following my blog you will know that this whole kids cupboard reorganisation started because storing the kids clothes in those huge stripey bags (see top shelf) was just not working. So my solution was to store the kids clothes in plastic containers.
This means short stories are on the back burner again, after a few months of writing and submitting them again (and a few welcome hits!)
Oddest of all, when it did flare up, the teachers suddenly began to step in and do their jobs.
So he wrote to Timothy, “The time of my departure is at hand.” That word “departure” is an unloosing, a dissolving into various parts, or a release. In other words, the time was soon to come when his soul would leave his body. This is seen in 2 Corinthians 5:8. “We are confident, I say, and willing rather, to be absent from the body, and to be present with the Lord.”
Companies who adopt this new marketing paradigm are not only generally more profitable, but they subscribe to a triple bottom line objective of profit, people and planet as opposed to a pure profit maximization strategy that typically only serves to benefit shareholders.
Many paths lead to the bottom of the hill – an infinite number, speaking mathematically, but for our purposes, we’ll say it’s 3 or 4 – and at the bottom of each path lies one of the many traditions, values, and institutions that we have left behind in the name of progress. Among these are the traditional religion and spirituality of our parents and grandparents, the rural and agrarian structure of society, and the tight-knit community, home, and family of our ancestors.
I'm sorry my friends.
Do you want a clown
It is in this way that all illusions and lies that each person has been telling themselves are seen for what they are and when this happens, a change to a better way of relating takes place
While the screen is huge, the phone doesn’t feel big. It’s slightly larger and thicker than the Galaxy S II, but still feels comfortable in my hands. At 4.7 ounces, it’s .6 ounces heavier than the Galaxy S II and about .1 ounce heavier than the HTC One X. The S III is however, thinner compared to the One X — .3 inches versus .35 inches.
Add the butternut squash and continue cooking, uncovered for 20 minutes. Stir in the whole wheat couscous and cook for another 10 minutes until the couscous pearls have plumped up and the squash is tender. Season with salt and pepper to taste.
with the beauty of my heart writing some soul
After a few minutes he called back. The customer was at the airport, and was planning to have coffee while she waited for me. Foot to the floor time.
Two full bedrooms and baths. Full kitchen, dining area, living room. Large balcony. Oceanfront.
Just letting y'all know that I've updated my last post on Advent ideas. There were a few new links I found inspiring and I had a few new ideas last night for celebrating the Feast of the Holy Family. Yes, I know the feast of the Holy Family is during the Christmas Season not Advent.
My first card
So why do my kids seem determined to wring every last ounce of goodwill and holiday cheer out of me before 9 a.m.? I cannot understand it. If ever I felt like a mommy-martyr, holidays would be the time.
So just as I am learning to embrace my seasonal challenges I am going to embrace some other change as well.
from monster PA speakers around the
· complete, up-to-date contact information for legislators
William Mason — Professor Emeritus, Psycology
Today is the birthday for the Boys and Girls Club where I work, and we wanted to have a dance party. It was ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE to fill up a few CDs of popular, dance worthy music that didn’t reference sex, drugs and alcohol, or use curse words. Apparently, pop musicians these days have decided to wage war against all things family-friendly. I have never been more grateful for J-Beibs, Selena Gomez and T-Swift. As annoying as some of their songs may be, they tend to be positive. Or to at least they don’t promote unhealthy behavior other than moping about your ex (Really Taylor? All we have to do is check the tabloids and we know who you are singing about).
Food'n'drink were great, too. There's nothing like drinking coffee from a tin mug and eating peach cobbler while listening to Don Edwards over on the Main Stage.
But not if we don’t test it.
Drink update:
The crisp flatbread with beans ($5.50) is a crunchy disc of pastry smooshed with green lentils and fried shallots. It’s worth trying the white catfish ($15.50) cooked in a tomato curry. Fried rosella leaves ($7.50) are mixed with shrimp paste, garlic and pickled bamboo shoots.
They dress themselves now you know. And I must admit, relinquishing control on dressing them like dolls was nothing short of excruciating.
5) Preheat a nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add vegetable oil to coast the bottom of the pan with a thin layer. Brown chicken pieces 2 minutes on each side in the hot oil or until evenly light golden in color.
Source of review copy: Publisher
My Spanish descendants come from the Basque country. I found some people in the White pages with my last name. I really want to go and see where I’m from.
He lived without something as fundamental as features.
You, on a bicycle, are not a motorized vehicle.
Iphone 5 a latest version for APPLE is expected to be announce its release in June at WWDC. It’s believed that this new release will bring about a tremendous change for the apple users. IOS 5 release rumors are heating up & its features are still in rumors.
Cut fillets into serving size portions if they are large. Cover grill grate with aluminum foil. Spray the foil with nonstick pan spray, or brush lightly with oil or butter. Place the fillets on the foil over medium heat. Combine the rest of the ingredients and baste fish with a brush. Cook about 4 inches from heat for 8-10 minutes. Turn with a spatula and baste again, cooking for an additional 5-7 minutes or until fish flakes with fork.
Welcome back for more Top Model! I wasn’t able to recap last week, so let’s catch up with that real quick first. The girls filmed music videos with help from two former girl band members and Lisa from All-Stars. They named themselves Fiercely British and United Sirens of America. They pulled out the pot ledom thing. Ugh.
Healthy Oatmeal Cookies (Okay...healthier)
Amusement and rebellion.
These cookie jars are very big for me, that is why I am holding them, so you are like "wow, that guy has got super big cookie jars in his arms, you could sure fit alot of girl scouts in there..."
Prednisone, the report said.
Enter one style or both for the next two week.
When you’re grateful you put your own life into perspective, you drown out the irrelevance of this world and you begin to realise just how fortunate you are. You have a roof over your head, you have food in your belly, you have money in the bank and you have friends and family. Now I am not saying that is universal for all of you BUT what ever is your circumstance I GUARENTEE there is something in your life you can be appreciative of. If you say there isn’t then I say you don’t deserve happiness – harsh but true.
And the FAN-TAST-IC prize of 3 Digital Tickled Pink Stamps!! YAY!!
This game is not so much an emulation as a carefully researched exposition of the nascent form of “the world's most popular role-playing game.” With Dragons at Dawn, D. H. Boggs displayed his comprehension of – and his reverence for – the origins of the hobby. Champions of ZED promises to be a game loyal to its roots as well as a work of fulsome scholarship.
I DO belong . . . . . . HERE.
We got out of the quad room because I woke up with bug bites all over my arms, ankles and neck. (And I didn't go outside the day before.) Itchy dance!
All it would have taken is for one man to stand up and say "no." All it would have taken is for one person to call the police, or the abuser's wife, or the board members of the Second Mile. They could have banned him from campus, had him incarcerated, any number of things. But they chose to ignore what was right - inherently right, and right for the children the abuser came in contact with - and ignore their own moral compasses. And then, they covered it up, ignoring the relaties for more than 12 years, allowing him to victimize countless other children. I don't care whether or not they acted within the law. I don't care if they believe they acted in accordance with university ethics guidelines. Their fear and hubris led directly to children being abused.
Meantime, interdisciplinary researchers have not been idle. Given such a wealth of new information from astronomers, mythologists (following the trail begun by Hamlet’s Mill authors) have been working alongside scientists to make sense of thousands of years of transmitted lore, art, ancestral wisdom and belief which attest to hugely violent episodes in our planet’s past related to the heavens. Mythological and cultural archetypes worldwide share language, symbols and a timeframe which suggest a less-than-tranquil formative period in Earth’s evolution than the one traditionally held by astronomers.
Some of the words and facts you are about to read here have been lying idle for years in various folders scattered on my computer’s hard drive, while others have remained locked in my brain, dormant but not forgotten. With the exception of the first few opening paragraphs, which deal with a few personal background facts and a brief history of South Africa, the personal account of events depicted here covers a time span of roughly 24 years, starting from 1978 and ending in 2001. This is my first attempt to go public with my story.
1) 12 Minutes to establish a 1RM High-Bar Back Squat.
Yes, surrendering our beliefs is to be free from religious fundamentalism and creed (represented by the tree of knowledge of good and evil), and we will find ourselves at the tree of life, where stories are meant to be a mystery that is subject to seasons of contextual relevance, which is ultimately subjective and is meaningful to each person in their own way, as they find hope and peace in their personal interpretations of the divine mystery.
My pictures in,
We bring glory by telling others about him – Once we are aware of the truth God wishes us to share it with others. This is a great priveledge we have to introduce others to Jesus – helping them to discover their eternal destiny.
I wish I had a photo of each of these women that I got to meet and spend time with......Especially sweet Joy aka Dusty Penny, Julie Ebersol and so many others Wonderful Wonderful Women!!
His young son had just been arrested and charged with having sex with his under age girlfriend-----as young couples are inclined to do.
One entry per person please!
Many thanks to Justin Meyer for the generous donation of his gently-used old gear, which will now be put to use bringing you people to the slopes of Winter Park on the Trestle Bike Park downhill trails. Just because I'm making it look easy doesn't mean it is...
Neurosis runs (gallops, bobsleds, careens, bucks…you get the picture) through the family. Being a lifelong over-achiever I’m appointed the poster child for the Black clan.
“Trevor and Curtis have focused on studying the market so Atmosphere Interior Design is in touch with reliable resources of sophisticated, classic, traditional and contemporary design, sourcing furniture and design materials and products from around the world”. – Atmosphere
I don’t know what you have in mind for your character to do, but here are just a few ideas off the top of my head for showing her bad girl side:
4oz vegan marg
The novel is done, and for now, so am I! It’s definitely a first draft, meaning that at 57,000 words it still needs about 15,000 more words to be a good book, ready for audience consumption. I’m going to let it cool off for the holidays, read a book or two. Then start in on the rewrites in January. I’m really looking forward to getting back to my normal blogging schedule of researched and polished articles of interest and entertainment, rather than my indulgent personal blather.
Anyway. After that there was an incident last summer where Owen came in crying and all upset. Him and Nora had been in the back yard playing in the little kiddie pool. I guess they got into a fight and he hit her. The lady saw and yelled at Owen, called him a horrible brat or something, told him he was a bad kid. WTF!
Stupid tissues with lotion make me break out. AS DOES AIR.
Well well well, if you were one of those people who got an iPad for Christmas and thought, “Well, thanks!” but thought to yourself, “Too bad the next one is coming out in a few months”, then perhaps you have another viable option.
My boyfriend pointed out that maybe I should have put things like
Benzion, said his son, “could decipher the past and understand the future.” After all, the prime minister said his father had told him, “If you cannot understand the past, then you cannot understand the present. And those who cannot understand the present cannot hope to decode the future.”
under, this is not a science fiction novel, nor is it dystopia. It's a thriller. It's meant to be something that could truly happen. The reasons behind Rex (Eli's father) doing his “experiment” were bogus and not really even explained - the planning behind it, the reasoning. The guy was obviously a space cadet, but even so, he must've thought he had some sort of good reason to do what he did. & if he really was just a nut job, why wasn't that explained? Small holes.
but i do
hero arts sentiment
The gig started with Bev, decked out as a vestal virgin with flowers in her hair, walking down the aisle of the beautiful church - St Sepulchre is the musicians' church in the City in the same way that St Bride's is the journalists' church - which was decorated for Christmas, carrying her fiddle and singing She Moved Through the Fair. She was eventually joined by six other maidens - though I use the term advisedly - with long hair and costumes fastened under the bust a la popular representations of Morgan Le Fay. And though it never got that folky again the scene was set for a certain level of theatricality.
Jack Holloway works alone, for reasons he doesn’t care to talk about. Hundreds of miles from ZaraCorp’s headquarters on planet, 178 light-years from the corporation’s headquarters on Earth, Jack is content as an independent contractor, prospecting and surveying at his own pace. As for his past, that’s not up for discussion.
Pour the dressing in the pasta salad and incorporate it by mixing not to harshly, you don't want to break the pasta. Add the rest of the ingredients, mix a bit and serve! If you want to present it like in the photos, do not incorporate the tomatoes, just put them around the salad.
Miscellaneous Store Retailers
He’s watching telly, is he insane?
"London's Burning" The Clash
But it’s certainly true that my own preoccupations determine the slant a story will take. I was around ten when I learnt about the atomic bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki in WWII. Ever since, I’ve been obsessed with the question of whether or not scientists have moral responsibility for their discoveries.
Davis conducted a survey to assess the extent of ab initio provision in UK universities and received responses from 26 universities. Ab initio provision was found to be very diverse with Spanish the language most commonly offered to beginners. Entry requirements were varied and ranged from two A-levels in other languages to evidence of language learning ability. Davis also reported on extra resources being offered to ab initio students.
See that the first apple is in focus and the other two are a bit blurred? This shot is taken with F5.6.
(thanks Tracy!) :)
bummer.
brain damage
Although eccentric, elaborate fonts are not always essential, they really bring life to a presentation, and give people a reason to be interested. As do colours. Especially house colours like mine, which incorporate school traditions, relating to our Paget’s got talent themed work at the moment.
Some are deeming this one of the greatest melo-death releases ever; I’m not sure I’d go quite that far, but it’s most definitely a standout metal release for 2011. Fans of atmospheric melodic death metal (e.g. Insomnium, Swallow the Sun) will most definitely enjoy this. There’s much more flavor, variation and power in this record than the band’s past material, and perhaps a great introduction for anyone who is unfamiliar with the genre.
you, God. Where do you get
Well for two slippery slope arguments that legal scholars have always found very convincing. (Probably because history is filled with examples of when these slippery slopes did result in worse case scenarios).
“Okay,” she finally whispered. “That sounds wonderful.”
now onto this past weekend! it was great to be amongst fellow handmade lovers! oh we do flutter around to our own little tunes. i love handmade markets. my lovely sister came and we shopped to our little hearts delight. :) mostly for other lovelies in our lives. i love showing support to fellow makers. :)
Here's my first page:
There is a reason most groups who become cult favorites never make it in the mainstream: a weak link is somewhere in the chain. Either they are good musicians but don’t have the songs, or have the songs but maybe a terrible singer who just happens to own all the amps and a van to drive everybody around to the gigs. Kak’s sole album was released in 1968 on Epic. All the trademark sounds of the day are in place: buzzing guitars and cosmic lyrics, and some nice vocal arrangements with a Donovanesque feel on a couple of numbers. HCO 97658 opens things with a classic sounding 1968 guitar lead, and is followed by Everything’s Changing, another up tempo blast that let’s you know this will be a guitar dominated LP. I hear a faint resemblance to The Buffalo Springfield on Disbelievin’; Lemonade Kid sounds like Jerry Garcia circa Dark Star. Overall, this is a solid period release which comes closest to sounding like Moby Grape through its guitar/multi-vocal approach, and one indication why they didn’t make it. Kak disbanded before getting off the ground, having only played a handful of live shows before packing it in. In those days, your NEXT band was the one that would conquer the world. Singer/guitarist Gary Lee Yoder’s next stop was a post-heavy Blue Cheer. On the current Cheer web site Kak is dismissed as a poor man’s Moby Grape, but that’s a little unfair. Sure, they sound a bit like The Grape, but I don’t care if a band sounds like someone else, as long as the material is good, and Kak in my opinion were a good band. The next time I see Dickie Peterson (B.Cheer leader) I will ask him what the bad blood is all about. Maybe Yoder gave him a bad count on some shared weed they purchased; whatever happened must have been a heavy scene for it to linger on for the last forty years.
Taking point number 3) into account , does doing long cardio and staying in “Fat Burning Zone” burn fat ..the answer is yes ..but studies shows for the next 36 to 48 hours your body would start burning sugars and when that is depleted , it would go on to breakdown your muscle tissue to further get its stored sugars. That is the reason some people just don’t lose body fat despite hours spend on the treadmill some look skinny with no definition.
Pynchon, chum of chance?
43. Piano bar
The property is situated on quiet road, lots of trees, a pond, a creek, and plenty of room for our farm animals. The house is well built and lovingly tended. I fell in love with the gardens and the setting.
Back to me. I got in and out of the bathroom in record time and walked (I wasn’t dumb enough to try to run; I didn’t want to fall after all) as fast as I could back to the theater. I was relieved to see that the lights were still on, but worried that they would go off any second. I dashed up the stairs to my row and turned to navigate through all the people to get back to my seat. My mom still had an expression of horror and started to say something about how she had been sure I was going to fall on my ill-advised dash up the stairs as I got near her. I started to laugh at her unnecessary worry just as I went around her knees and stepped on the freshly mopped area of floor in front of my seat.
So . . . be sure you pop on over to Sugar Nellie's Blog HERE each day this week to see what the ladies have created for your viewing pleasure! Oh . . . and don't forget to leave a little "love" (a.k.a. comments) each day 'cuz some lucky folks will be randomly selected to receive a little "sugar!" Whoohoo!!
Somebody should see that she pays.
I'm not sure what the end of the story is. I'm going to bed, and I'm going to stop mulling it over- maybe thats the conclusion. I feel lighter about it, by a bit, but my lovely evening was rudely broken. Its odd- I was abroad when the 'London' Riots, as they were referred to then, were going on. When it started spreading to other areas, I thought that that kind of behaviour was for cities, and that those sorts of thugs, with their beligerance and rulebreaking, and lawlessness, could never 'belong' where I live, with its rural charm and villagey-pride. They never did reach us, but now I realise that there isn't much of a boundary. People are people. Nobody rioted and put lives and livelihoods in danger outside my house tonight, but they weren't country mice either. I guess I've just realised that you only get away for so long, with living in peace, before somethng like this happens... even if I never thought that it was at all possible, in my beautiful Here.
here's a video from those early days....(13months and we happen to be at Whole Foods).
Hi Fans,
The words gave me the strength and the frame of mind to carry on.
“Dear Mommy, I love you as much as you love me. You make me sooooo happy. Love, Izzy and Corban.”
Because with tatting --- it is add-as-you-go, so the project can remain small, or it can be built upon to become a gorgeously, huge piece of work just by how many pieces are tatted to the previous piece.
WE ARE TO PRAISE GOD BECAUSE OF:
In the morning the conference has indeed shrunk again. They decide to combine the two parallel sessions into one because some of the speakers have not bothered to show up. We start off with just 37 people, going up to 48 with some very late arrivals, but that's it. I had thought to blow off the morning too, but it's just too depressing to give a talk to an empty room so out of pity for the speakers I stayed.
My mom started treating the wound with Betadine and Agua Oxigenada. I liked Betadine because it didn’t sting. It only left a reddish color that was like blood. With my leg smeared with “blood,” I thought it looked really cool. I hated Agua because it really hurt, but I loved looking at the bubbles that would come out of the wound. So with the help of the electric fan pointed right at my wound before my mother applied Agua, I was able to stand the painful treatment.
Compact Disc
Reading Magazines Backwards
I found that very sympathetic. I don't really think it's true that all dancers want to have an audience. There are mixtures, of course. There are those who want an audience of one, and there are those who only do it 'for an audience' if you define audience participation as 100%, which is quite different again. Some people never look good if they know they're being filmed because they just loathe the whole concept of performing, and have to sort of trick themselves into it if they want a video for some other reason. But that doesn't mean they aren't happy to be watched (politely) on a real dance floor with real people, given the opportunity.
The head of the honors math program somehow talked me into staying at school the next summer for a research opportunity. My family called it "math camp." It wasn't all bad. I got assigned a problem that no one had ever figured out (most likely because no one cared to), and I actually solved it. That made me feel good, but the rest of it made me think How did I get here? Why am I spending the summer in South Bend, Indiana, when my family is home in Connecticut?
So things pile up they never use
If I had a glass top coffin,
5. Bella is a real girl. Sure, she's beautiful, but she doesn't believe it, and she has a few flaws, like her clumsiness, which make her much easier to relate to.
rare earth metals.
specializes in purchasing sub-
Girls are usually stuck on the sidelines, watching their brothers play, but Averil & the Fellows felt passionately that girls should be able to get in the game. So they convinced 9 of the 11 school owners to just give it a chance. By the end of the first tournament, even Reshma Lohia, the most outspoken opponent of the league, was cheering her heart out on the sidelines, buying new cricket equipment for her schools and planning for the next round. The kids were on fire to play, school spirit had never been higher, the students, teachers and community came out to watch the games on Sunday afternoons, and boys and girls were getting up at the crack of dawn to get to practice on time.
7. Smoking is not cool.
Our judicial system has been poisoned by activist judges.
May 5 - I made the skirt, and not only that, it was always such a bad fit that on Friday and Saturday morning I cut two inches out of the back of it, including the zip, and sewed it back up with a new zip. I also shortened it by a centimetre and put new bias on the hem and OMG, New Skirt. Therefore no longer bored. This photo was taken at Gundaroo in the kitchen garden of Grazing. I am still daydreaming of the lovely White Jindabyne rabbit I ate at lunch.
...Desire a renewed awareness of God's Spirit in your life.
There’s a girl
I’ve kind of grown up with the movies about Jason and his macabre killings but I never really fancied them much… I think my only reason for watching horror movies in my teens was that they had a really high chance of showing me some boobs… even the re-make succeeds in this. I had to laugh a little of the macabre scene under the pier as the blonde was covered up under water but got to show off her boobs yet one more time before her part of the movie was over (as he lift her out of the water with the machete stuck in her head). This is the kind of movie I watch once and only once… Still not bad for a horror flick tho.
Oates, who said the shooting was in self-defense, is charged with manslaughter and a weapons violation in Olivera’s killing. But some in the community, including Olivera’s family, want the charge upgraded to murder.
Netherne-on-the-Hill
I wonder how any of them can sleep at night.
house cured spiced wild salmon gravlax on pumpernickel with dill mustard sauce
Despite all this it was a decent evening's entertainment I have to say, and it was well recieved - at least the ENO are taking risks! I think a lot of people will get swept away with it all and love it without thinking about it too much. And Berlioz's music is very well served by the conductor, orchestra, soloists and choir, even if it is often battling with the furor of the stage.
This information fed into bespoke sessions for programme teams. These were far better-attended than institution-wide sessions.
Unfortunately, the analysis does not end there. I’ve been to university. I’ve studied English literature and teaching at three of Europe’s most prestigious institutions. I’ve never even held a real gun, let alone used it to pistol-whip anyone. And do I try hard? Yes, I do try hard. There’s no doubt about it: I’m a David, caught in a web of sterile self-reflection. I wouldn’t know an engaging story if it came along and shat in my mental toilet.
Echoing back across the years
My original plans for a walk in Kent on this day were abandoned due to massive disruption to train services after a fatality at Swanley, but rather than head home and waste a day of glorious autumnal sunshine, I decided to head back into London and then south west to Richmond Park. At this time of year, the Park has two very unique spectacles on offer: the vivid autumn colour of the Isabella Plantation, and the astonishing display of deer in rut when the stags and bucks vie for status and mates in an often violent fashion. I last visited Richmond Park back in May, but the Park changes with each season and, as I mentioned before, it is somewhere for which I have great affection, so a return visit could never come too soon.
or things to be grateful for
Starting at 10:30 a.m. Saturday, May 5, at the Elks Lodge, 131 Lyndale Avenue North, Faribault, a large collection of Native American artifacts from a private collector will be sold. The sale bill reads in part:
We'll see you back here tomorrow with one of my projects!
Brooks’ theory – that laborers are quite literally working themselves to death – is backed up by the fact that his team has found high incidence of CKD not only among cane cutters and other agricultural workers, but also in groups of Central American miners and port workers. Unlike farm workers, miners and stevedores are not exposed to toxic farm chemicals. They do, however, routinely engage in hard labor.
Stuffed Artichoke hearts
Mayall: (Laughs) I was quite happy with the film, because he cast Ed very well and he pointed the camera at me a lot. So basically, he knows how to direct.
Vichy France quickly became one of the major manufacturing centers for Nazi war materials, and the French quickly instituted the Nazis policies towards the Jews. France was filled with Jewish refugees from the rest of Europe at that time, and the French government eagerly rounded them up for the Nazis and turned them over to them. Later, this was extended to many Jews whom had French citizenship.
I don’t want to be a slave to my job and to money. So I don’t want to work at a job I hate, then spend my weekends sleeping and spending all my $ on things I ‘deserve’ after all my ‘hard work’. I don’t want to work in an anonymous cubicle and be proud for nothing at the end of my time at that job. That may be a way to make more money, but it will (for me) come at the expense of other things which money cannot buy.
And most important, respect that. Don’t look scandalised when I whip out my not-certified- by- your- authority- of- choice- marshmallows to roast at my braai. I would not be eating them and passing the packet around if I had these doubts, and I’m sure, neither would you…
The shortlist in full:
I removed the naughty word, but left the rest alone. With no idea what to expect (or who my fellow guilders were), Melissa and I agreed to meet at the front door of the church that hosted the meetings. Still, I wondered…..what if I don’t fit in?
Hubs: I don't see why you're so worried. If I die you'll instantly become a wealthy woman!
She, too, turns pallid with disgust.
But on to the subject of this post: PRUNES! Prunes are plums in French. Dried plums, aka, prunes are called pruneaux in French. I've had quite alot of prunes around lately. They're in season right now. So I made one of my favorite tartes and tried my hand at making jam.
One natural dye they did not grow themselves was indigo, for the bright blues. Indigo was available but it was expensive.
Just a few of the helpful macaron making tidbits that I picked up:
Date : 00-05-2012
“Her acting, if closely scrutinized, was seen to have been studied; yet it always seemed spontaneous; her handsome, ingenuous, winning countenance informed it with sympathy, while her voice – copious, tender, and wonderfully musical – filled it with emotion, speaking always from the heart.”
-Facebook about this giveaway and comment telling me you did
Welcome to the official blog of Team 'Herding Cats' - the two-man Mongol Rally team that will set new records for incompetence, ham-fistedness and cluelessness.
Those Who Have Risen (Dying Music 2004)
There was a lot of laughing, some crying, some relaxing, some praying, some eating. We burned through a lot of coffee and tea lights and wine. We put our toes in the whites sands of the gulf on several occasions. We talked about what God is doing. We laughed at Jake the Jerk-Face Dog as he protected us from marauding giraffes. We petted Agent Mooshie and Dr. Love the Freak Cat. We shared life. It was a good time.
These sisters act as one “face” of the Catholic Church (and Jesus Christ) to the American public. They have a sacred duty to uphold the teachings of the Catholic Church, yet many of them have been failing miserably in that regard, for many, many years.
Brows - Peggy Sage eye shadow
This article first appeared in April 2009.
They only had to wait a further seven months, 32 days for their catalyzing, Pearl Harbor-like event to occur.
My movie is 'Across the Universe'.
Now is the time to register for the next round of the Flirty Apron Swap. If you love to sew cute and flirty aprons, this swap is for YOU!! I cannot believe how fast winter flew by, and today is the first FULL DAY of spring. Now, I know in some parts of the country, the weather still feels very cold and dreary. So, let's brighten things up with a swap!
1/2 cup corn starch
A Little Bit of Heaven is an Upcoming romantic comedy film directed by Nicole Kassell and starring Kate Hudson and Gael García Bernal.A Little Bit of Heaven is a love story set in New Orleans about an irreverent young woman who unexpectedly falls in love with her doctor. Marley Corbett (Kate Hudson) is young, beautiful, and wildly funny, but she’s afraid of opening herself up to true love and commitment.
Black is essentially an absence of light with no wavelengths being reflected. Black can be thought of as dark, mysterious and scary. It is also associated with death, hence people traditionally wearing black to funerals.
A pretty straight forward card with lots of things I love on it: my new heart circle nesties (thanks again Tanis!), scallops and Verve's flutterby and charming oval dies. Quick and easy with some black accents to finish things off. However, now that I look at the picture, I'm thinking the addition of some embossing to the circle element would have been a good idea - may have to go back and try it to see if I like it. Darn hindsight....maybe I should just make it common practice to take a picture of my card, look at it, and then decided if I need to add/change anything before I post it. Welcome to my creative woes LOL!
Why is this film called Frankenstein Meets the Wolf Man? It should be called The Wolf Man Meets Frankenstein! Wolf Man owns this film! This could have been the perfect sequel to the wonderful 1941 original Wolf Man, but the addition of Frankenstein’s monster does muddy things up a bit. We begin a few years after the original Wolf Man ended. Bludgeoned to death by his father with a sliver walking stick; Lawrence Talbot now lies in the family crypt. Two men break into the crypt in hopes of scoring some booty and inadvertently awaken the Wolf Man. Talbot awakes disoriented in a hospital in another town. When questioned, the confused Talbot can not recall the events that brought him there. He does however remember his name is Lawrence Talbot and he hails from Llanwelly. When they check with the Llanwelly authorities they are told that Lawrence Talbot is dead. Talbot begins to recall the strange and horrifying truth of his existence. Desperate to be rid of his curse he escapes from the hospital. He sets out to find Maleva; the old gypsy woman whose son was responsible for his infliction. He finds Maleva who agrees to help him. Maleva knows of a doctor by the name of Frankenstein who may be able to help Talbot.
The US intelligence believes that the Indian Army is preparing for a “limited conflict” with China in the light of growing concerns over Beijing’s strident postures along the disputed border and in the Indian Ocean and Asia-Pacific region.
Large bookstores seem to be closing their physical stores left and right however smaller scale bookstores are maintaining. Obviously the large corporations should be taking notes on how to be successful and having a long lasting career.
love fiercely,
Happy 75th Mr. Carter and thank you for the great music and inspiration
For the husband, this is possibly the 100th seafood tomato-based pasta he has ordered to date. He thought it was not too bad, the sauce was done well – fresh tomato puree – I think and the ingredients used were quite fresh.
Just realized the kids have their two week Spring Break starting March 12th (unless the teachers go on strike before then). Lost a week in there somewhere as I thought I still had two weeks to go. That flu bug really messed me up! Time to start planning some activities and outings along with some spring cleaning the kids can help with, which I'm sure they will be just thrilled to help with - NOT! (insert evil mommy grin lol).
“Initially, I was very hostile to the iPhone, so I really have come full circle. My Nokia 6620 that I just loved started not working and my husband, a big Mac user, continually wanted to get me to use an iPhone. Well, eventually, when I had to move to a different cell phone, he did convince me to use the iPhone.
And this is the smile
But it’s not just being able to see a great musical or play on tour, many of the theaters or theater companies offer classes for those who want to learn different techniques such as improv, playwriting, movement and even how to audition.
Jared Olivetti:
2 onions, diced
Clive Simpkins is a marketing and communications strategist who helps people and organisations communicate better. Whether interpersonally, for press, radio, TV or social media.
Scattered on the floor
I do not think Dan Bylsma was out-coached, as the team was failing to implement fundamentals in Games 1-3. They were not playing, as Coach Disco likes to say, “Pittsburgh Penguins Hockey”: Get the Puck North, Keep the play in the Offensive Zone, and Grind Those Bitches Down.
i’m learning that it never slows down, does it?
MUSIC FOR ONE X-MAS AND SIX DRUMMERS: From the makers of SOUND OF NOISE, we get their percussive take on Christmas caroling in a rest home.
Weight wise I'm about 74.5 and food choices are getting better! Starting to exersize a bit more too.. Only 9.5 kilos off my goa! Woot!
with 23-year lady broadcaster; appeals for privacy
So, what about ThetaHealing® Manifesting and Abundance class…? I know some of you may be thinking “well, with these clearings I don’t need the class”. I would offer that you do. Why? Because of the way your brain is wired. The intent of this clearing and the downloads of these truths was to help those of you who are beginning to notice that you are automatically, without conscious thought, manifesting. Some will take it the next step and begin to try to manifest intentionally. That can be intoxicating. It can also he hazardous. The brain loves a “process” – a “roadmap”. In ThetaHealing®, we first teach the brain how to allow you to go to and be in the theta brainwave. Then, we teach you how to use that energy to impact healings and positive change. The next step in that process is conscious manifesting. The Manifesting and Abundance class teaches a process that the brain can use to know when you intend to manifest and to help make it happen. Yes, that’s right – teaching your brain how to help you manifest what you want. You don’t have to do this haphazardly. Make the choice to teach your brain that you are safe and that this is fun and that it can help you. You will do what is right for you. Of that, I am certain. Why not take what these clearings provide you and manifest the means and resources to take the class. That sounds perfect to me!
By Patrick Poole
There are days where bleary eyes and trembling hands consider such a thing. Because the tea leaves can only be spooned out so far. Dividing half by half by half is absurd in the light of abundance, but abundance doesn't last. It gets lost under a mounting wall of bills. The cheap and plentiful becomes costlier and scarcer not because it ceases to exist; it is because the sluicing effects of money diminish when that revenue stream dries up. The flood becomes a trickle. The trickle becomes elusive.
A couple of years ago a friend of mine had a rare family Christmas where all her family members were in the same city for the holidays. She’s your typical home-girl, very domestic and family values are very important to her. After Christmas lunch – when everyone was gathered in the front room – her boyfriend pulled her to the middle of the room, told her how much he understood the importance of family to her and how he looked forward to starting a family with her and hoped in a years to come they would be surrounded with their children – as he finished his mini speech he got down on one knee and asked if she’d help make his hopes a reality.
Luke Kuechly possesses good but not great measurables for the position at 6-3 235 lbs. While his size is not ideal it is definitely not a huge concern as he shows a compact/nice build for the position in the NFL. Many are considering Kuechly to man the position of inside linebacker at the next level and while his body size might be more suited to an outside linebacker, I believe Kuechly’s most natural fit in the NFL will be at the Mike position. Kuechly looks capable of adding 5-10 lbs. of muscle to his frame. By showing up a few pounds heavier than his college playing weight Kuechly would help hinder some of the flack he has received about his size. Due to his current size limitations Kuechly would be best served to play behind a bigger defensive line and preferably in a 4-3 system where he can stay clean and be allowed to roam and flow to the football with a little more ease and comfortability.
And it's all because your mama don't dance
--"they undeniably give local residents a sense of empowerment"
- For a ANOTHER chance to win become a follower of From India. With Love. - scroll to the bottom of the main page and you'll see the widget thingy. (sorry if you already follow you don't get a second entry!)
So this little cutie pie is my baby girl. Who Just turned 13 last week. This shot was done for her dance studio. I LOVE this pic. Love the flower in her hair and love the pop of color with the itty bitty chair. I bought the paper kit from a daily scrap deal. It is from House of 3. I think it went so well with the picture and another that I will share soon.
On with the laughs. The ‘doll house mystery’ in question concerns a missing stack of bonds—a serious chunk of change belonging to a wealthy man, whose innocent little daughter spends her days playing with an equally innocent little boy who lives nearby. The little boy is son to a labourer, who is a single dad and also an ex-con, though fully reformed. The girl and the boy conjure various states of make-believe in the girl’s ‘doll house,’ which is actually a detached shed, and more like a club house. I told you her father was rich.
LW, most college relationships fail. Most long-distance relationships fail. As such, virtually all long-distance college relationships fail. Defriend him on Facebook and shut off his Twitter feed and delete your Skype account and change your WUPHF password and do all the other stuff that kids nowadays do to move on.
Best –
The information should be presented in an easy to glance format and should normally be broken down into sections per step. The naming conventions should be the same as used in different steps to make it easier for users to identify their data and step they entered it in. Other than viewing all their entered data, users should be able to edit their data to make any changes. This is another important reason why each step should be presented as a section on the review page. An edit link/button should be added on the top right corner of each section for users to navigate to the right step to edit their data. As discussed in the previous post, data should be persisted temporarily so that it can be retrieved for editing purposes.
Apparently, US academics and lawyers are getting very excited about this, particularly defence lawyers. Vanderbilt University (USA) recently opened a $27 million neuroimaging centre and ‘hopes to enrol students in a programme in the law and neuroscience’.
Children don't need rules, judgment, manipulation (they can be very easy for us to manipulate, because they want to please us), or control. They need connection and freedom. Freedom to self-design their own lives. Children love us as their parents, not because we're "good" parents, but because they are our child. (This would explain why children can have pretty terrible parents, yet still love them.)
Naked Cousin
Senator Cunningham is already sold on this bill and she doesn’t want a long or complex hearing, so we can save a mass rally for later, but right now about 1000 witness forms is just what is needed.
Even coming into the rain in Paris, I felt something like a sense of relief. It felt like “home”. Things seemed normal to me. When I was in SE Asia, I didn’t realize how much I felt out of synch with things. Don’t get me wrong – I had a wonderful time there. But I’m just as pleased to be back into the western hemisphere!
"Please," I said, hurried now, sensing a window closing. "Can you tell me anything about him?"
my "MATCH" account was "Summergirl8481" when Joe contacted me :P
Not so this time around.
This book is aimed at youth and is broken into six sections: Myths about God, Myths about Jesus, Myths about the Bible, Myths about the Resurrection, Myths about Religion and Christianity, and Myths about Life and Happiness.
Disclaimer: Savvy gave me a lovely brunch, plus some cash to use to go shopping to test out the app. The words and opinions expressed above are my own. I will receive no further compensation nor any sort of commission for publicizing the Savvy shopping app.
Why then when we got to the Apple Farms in Oak Glen, CA- did they tell us that there were no apples to pick? Turns out that this year due to weather there was not a stellar crop of apples, so it seems that only the first handful of cars that arrive actually get to pick some apples. SO SAD!!!! Not to worry, we turned the day around and made some fresh apple cider! The farm also had u-pick pumpkins, raspberries, strawberries and flowers, however I think we all had our hearts set on the apples.
Society is in danger of becoming fragmented by a preoccupation with homosexual rights, feminism and separate racial identities, the Archbishop of Canterbury has warned. Dr Rowan Williams claimed that identity had become a ‘slippery’ word and that, while much had been achieved for minority groups, it was time to focus on the common good.
You may recall that Chapman was arrested in New York City in June of 2010 after accepting a fake passport from an undercover FBI agent and agreeing to pass it on to a third party. Chapman, aka Anna Vasilyevna Kushchenko, was subsequently deported to Russia with nine other members of her spy ring in an exchange for four Americans who were being held captive there for spying.
People are often unreasonable, irrational, and self-centered. Forgive them anyway.
Wildlife Biologist (I don't know your name :)
Roasted Buckwheat (10-15% total)
Then shall come forth the Sons of the Morning
RR: How and when did you get involved with Ricochet Sound?
Pineapple/Pineapple Juice – This is a remedy that tastes soo good. Pineapple contains bromelin, bromelin is an anti-inflammatory. It fights infections and kills bacteria. You can drink fresh pineapple juice to sooth a sore throat and it will help expel mucous for you. I like to take my pineapple and blend it with my tea and honey. A good drink no matter what. Taking pineapple to treat a cold or cough is a time honored tradition in Aruyvedic Medicine, not only does it deliver vitamin C but since the bromelin is a potent anti- inflammatory it helps in treating all the inflammatory symptoms that arise from the common cold.
The couple appears flawless
You think your school's scary?
8th Annual Polish Heritage Festival - 12:00 p.m. – 11:00 p.m. - Hamburg Fairgrounds
sparkling droplets
How did you get here?
Row 1: Ch4 (counts as first tr, ch1), *1 tr into the ring, ch1*; rep from * to * 6 times, join with sl st into 3rd of beg ch4, fasten off yarn (makes 8 tr and 8 spaces in between)
All these days I have been suffering from this awful eye infection due to excessive heat which I can't tolerate at all. Today I am feeling somewhat better.
There is not a lot of respect for the officers, the transvestite brigadier, the bastards who put you on a charge. Some are hypocrites:
“I feel sooooo much better!” my happy boy said as he lay down.
“The West Broward Bar partnership is really a great fit, and this year, the West Broward Bar Association approached Seminole Middle about (expanding our relationship by) having a charity event that benefited the school,” added Rupp. “The Bar Association usually does charity events and they decide to do it for the school since they knew we were struggling with cuts.”
Not long ago, I was browsing favorite reading sites online, and tucked between articles about the Trayvon murder, the disastrous US economy, and the horrors of Islam both here and abroad, was an obscure article with a headline that caught my eye, but for the wrong reason. It’s been sticking in my claw since then. I wish I could describe the response of my heart … The headline was “Should the Church only Use the King James version of the Bible?” It could just as easily read any of the dozens of incidental issues that bog down believers from the real issues:
On the other hand, you could say that this image is not primarily about shoes at all it is about elegance, it is about exclusivity and the human isolation in a modern world. That would be the connotations of the image. Second layer contents are more subjective.
Eggler – An egg dealer. Someone who gathers and sells eggs.
It makes me sad to see the two countries drifting apart. No, not on the forums – they don’t matter that much (sorry to burst your bubble), but in the real world. Canada’s oil used to go the USA. Now it’s going to go to China. Canada is signing a crazy amount of free trade deals with Europe and the rest of the world these past few weeks. Canada currently trades over two thirds of its exports with the USA, but that might change.
Despite rumors and speculation that one or more of the candidates excluded from Egypt's election campaign over the weekend would be reinstated on appeal, the Elections Committee has reaffirmed the ban on all ten, including the "big three" of Khairat al-Shater Hazem Abu Isma‘il, and ‘Omar Suleiman.
Slice strawberries into halves or quarters, depending on their size. Mix together with blueberries and sieve icing sugar over the top. Set aside.
Bag : Kmart
I know each boulder, rock and flower throughout
Today being Wednesday means tomorrow is Thursday and at mid-afternoon we'll be settling back and watching many movies, listening to iPods or just reading. A whole day in hours will be sitting in cramped quarters with a heap of unknowns to begin our journey of "France in May". Maybe that's what we'll change the Blog title to.
Nwakama revealed that when they got to Ore, in Ondo State, the driver stopped for the passengers to eat and buy some things. According to him, on approaching Okada town, the bus had a flat tyre. He said: “The driver stopped to change the tyre. We all alighted from the bus. One nursing mother in the bus refused to come down. While the driver was still arguing with the nursing mother, about 15 armed men swooped on us and ordered everybody, at gunpoint to follow them into the bush.
You have great handwriting for your age
I'm so proud of this little baby...it keeps growing each week
I swear I had no idea that this would happen, I agreed to take little Cheddar at such young age because his momma is kind of forgetful and she forgets most of the time about her newest litter of kittens. That's what happened to Magia and she doesn't even know how to bathe herself... So I thought, if Mia is such a good mother and is already nursing a 4 kittens litter we could kind of mix him into the litter for Mia to raise... As I just said, that didn't worked. So I had to call all of the new guardians of my grandkittens so they can pick them up ASAP; I want them to be happy.
Other natural disasters like volcanic eruptions and earthquakes are compliments of the Earth’s core. Beneath the crust of the Earth you start to get temperatures that are so hot that rocks exist in liquid form (magma). Much like our oceans; this molten rock has currents forming throughout it as the hotter magma naturally tries to rise through the colder and denser magma. The heat and friction energy created by this constant movement of the Earths innards builds up enormous amounts of pressure beneath the crust of the planet. In some cases the pressure becomes so great that it can suddenly release itself through tectonic plates which results in earthquakes. Similarly if the pressure builds up enough and there is already a weak point in between two plates; the magma can shoot through to the Earth’s surface forming a volcano. Tsunamis are also most commonly caused when one of the tectonic movements occur at a point under the ocean where the shockwaves are sent rippling through the water.
That morning Alice sat at Misha’s bedside until noon. First on one side of the bed, then on the other. The room was utilitarian, fitted cupboards, a sink, the door to the toilet, a bare area of painted linoleum where a second bed had stood in which another patient had been lying. Some days ago the nurses had pushed him elsewhere, without giving any reasons. To some other place. The abrupt division of the final sentence, which we must assume is a feature of the German original, mimics the pauses in speech; an aural semi-colon adding a peculiar stress to the banality of the information it contains. It stands for Alice's experience in general.
This year I took the dare, double dare and triple dare to join in the Scrappin' N Chattin's 52 Week Challenge. Each week we have to create a layout and at the end of the year, everyone that is still in it is included in the big prize drawing (a $ prize that we all contribute to).
Synopsis from YouTube:
Sis- "fuck ur point! u call rt now and say misunderstanding so she doesn't get fired or I'm completely done with you! she does not deserve to be fired! you tell me what time and day I can meet you at your bank to get my money!"
And in that moment,
It is important to understand my own bias and perception in the statements that I make, and either, think to get to the real data which will give me a clearer picture of the situation, or make the reasons for my belief known to get better understanding.
Even before he ran for president, it would have been entirely possible for Obama to get to where he was without ever having to prove who he was. In the real world where you and I live we need ID, but Obama operated in a rarefied, radical, left wing, anti-racist world where to ask a black person for proof of citizenship would be tantamount to heresy.
We have the bargain basement cable package and as such we don't get Canal+, the station that invites comparisons to HBO for the quality of its programming. I'm not feeling particularly deprived. After all, we never even had cable in the U.S. and I'm still catching up on episodes of Six Feet Under on video.
But we do then move into the rules, and here get one or two surprises.
1 kg (2.2 lbs) potatoes peeled and cut into bite-sized chunks
“A little more,” said the officer as he bent a knee to avoid having his foot run over again. “Okay, I’m clear. Just go another couple of feet and stop.” John hopped out of the Cadillac and tried to help the officer stand, but the twisted man could manage little more than sitting up.
Rise like Lions after slumber
Brooklyn's Winter Ale came my way via Stephen of The Beer Club. Much as I'm a huge fan of Brooklyn Lager, I've not been all that enamoured by anything (much) else they've produced. This one pours thickly, a chestnut red, topped by a reluctant head. Oddly, despite, the heavy texture, there's quite a lot of fizz. The taste is pleasant, however: predominantly sweet, I get lots of chewy toffee livened just slightly by top notes of milk chocolate, brown sugar and raisins. At 6.1% ABV I think it meets its specification as a warming winter ale quite well.
Although I do enjoy having sex for hours on end, sometimes once I’ve cum I do just wanna pass out. It’s like when you have a really big meal and then you go into a food-induced coma and have an amazing sleep. I just wanna have a sex coma. I’ve exerted a lot of energy and am feeling satisfied after a good orgasm or two. It’s now time to sleep. And sometimes a guy is trying to prove how awesome he is by going all night. When I really just wanna go to sleep because I have to get up early tomorrow. I’ve already cum twice. I get it, you’re manly and great in bed. I don’t care anymore.. Just fucking cum on my ass and get it done with. And no, I don’t wanna cuddle. Going to roll over now and enjoy my sex-coma.
May this new year provide you and yours with twelve flavors of awesome, health, happiness, and prosperity.
In stating the above I have found a few blogs I like through Entrecard that I do read and comment on. I've added a few blogs to my blog roll and have followed some others. But it's a small minority compared to the number I simply drop and run on.
project owners choose a deadline and a target minimum of funds to raise. if the chosen target is not gathered by the deadline, no funds are collected (this is known as a provision point mechanism). money pledged by donors is collected using Amazon Payments".
Jim and I headed out ASAP because we wanted to make it to Quorikancha before it closed. Cuzco is such an interesting mix of old Incan streets and buildings with colonial Spanish and modern architecture alike all on top of it, giving it an almost European feel. Cuzco is sort of unique in that it was still occupied by the Incas (they hadn't abandoned it) at the time of Pizarro's conquest with the conquistadores from Spain. Quorikancha is no exception, as it is basically a Spanish cathedral built upon the Incan temple that the kings are rumored to have both frequented and, at one time, been buried in. All of the Incan artifacts (including the mummies of the kings) are now long gone with the conquistadores, but the building is now quite beautiful and serves as both a church and a museum. It sits up on a hill in the back, and Jim and I spent some time taking in the view of the town below and the mountains behind around sunset. It was quite stunning and relaxing.
Inferiority
They have pets!
“The light. It’s time to go,” Chris said.
a) identification of common storms and other weather phenomena;
I’m sorry, but you won’t get me to believe something on faith. I need evidence. Substantial, independently verifiable evidence. Just saying the bible contains it so it is true means absolutely nothing, because the Muslims also have their story book of god’s power, the Mormons have one too, the Hindus have a book too. Just because a holy book says something means nothing, because they all say that they are the 100%, infallible word of some deity, that all other faiths are wrong, and that they have evidence to substantiate their faith (which none of them do, including Christianity). The only logical explanation is that they are all wrong, at least to some extent, because none of them have any substantial evidence to back themselves or their faith up. “Miracles” happen to Christians just as much as they happen to Muslims, Sikhs, Hindus, Buddhists, Pagans, atheists, etc. If miracles mostly or only happened to Christians, specifically a certain denomination or lack thereof, then you might have something worth listening to, but you don’t. If Jehovah wants me to believe in him, then I would prefer he tell me himself, or else I will be damned to infinite punishment, which is something he supposedly created to punish us for finite mistakes. The mere fact that God created hell is proof that he is not omni-benevolent. The stories of the bible are further proof he is not benevolent in any sense of the word. He flooded the earth and killed men, women, and children. He created Job’s life an almost living hell just to test his faith. He killed every first born of Egypt for no reason other than they were born of a different faith. Your god is an asshole, and even if he were real, I wouldn’t worship him. I would accept that he is real, IF he were real, but I would not worship him, because why would I worship a kid with a magnifying glass standing over an ant hill?
God can’t make you choose Him over Satan, heaven over hell, life over death, health over sickness, prosperity over poverty, even though it breaks His heart to see His very own beautiful creation make a horrible mistake. God is so sovereign that He has to keep His own Word and let us choose.
I looked down at my dog, now licking my toes sticking out of the only pair of high-heeled sandals I owned. “No, I don’t, Betty. I know I’m good, but there are a lot of good musicians out there.” Now I was twirling the ends of my hair, but there was no way my mother or even myself would ever put it up into a chignon. It was stick straight, long—just past my shoulders, dark brown, and baby fine but silky, which is good, I suppose…the silky part, anyway. The closest I ever get to pinning my hair up is a ponytail. Everything else just slips through the hair ties.
It's never "just another day", but at the same time, it isn't a really "out of the ordinary day" either. There is a lot of love in our family and that is demonstrated on a daily basis.
02-Phantoms-Guitar Boogie Shuffle.mp3
-Without the vegetation inserts this would be an overly large and hard space.
The Times item also highlights one source of growing concern: it’s becoming harder to get diesel and gasoline in Bamako, in part because service station owners have shut their businesses to keep from being cleaned out by soldiers. The only way for ordinary people to get fuel now is on the “black market,” i.e. from some guy with a plastic jug and a glass bottle to measure it into. A friend of mine ran out of gas on his motorcycle driving home yesterday and had to pay 900 francs for a liter from one such vendor. He was lucky: some people are paying 1400 francs these days.
Not so neither; but if I had wit enough to get out of this wood, I have enough to serve my own turn.
(I kid, I kid. If you were any cooler, you’d all be ice cold.*)
Oh, right, THIS MOVIE IS HORRIBLE. Certain movies get a lot of their garbage excused just for being “campy,” but The Stuff is inexcusably heinous in almost every aspect. Yes, it was trying to be funny, and I’d be lying if I said the absurdity of it all wasn’t entertaining in some ways, but it’s entertaining in spite of itself, not because of any actual jokes or good, sensible humor, like Ghostbusters or Killer Klowns from Outer Space used. The Stuff is just crap. The characters are annoying when they’re not ungodly stupid, the story is full of gaping plot holes and inconsistencies and there are a million things that are never resolved or explained at all. It’s all just too much. While you’re trying to wrap your brain around one ridiculous plot-hole, about a dozen more jump to take its place. There’s no sense, no logic and no brains to any of this.
Justice Secretary Leila De Lima said, “If the first gentleman is seeking for my apology then I’m humbly doing it.” To which Hubert Webb said, “Eh sa ‘kin, kailan?”
Good night, and sweet dreams!
He is so closed off from me. He lied about his involvement with her and tried to make me think that he needed to break away to work on himself. Instead now I see that he has moved on and I have been cast aside. There is nothing I can do to change this. I am a second rate copy of the girl I used to be and he does not want me anymore. I don’t think anyone ever will.
Marston’s sales figures told him another story. He believed the young male readers of Wonder Woman were shouting: “We love a girl who is stronger than men, who uses her strength to help others and who allures us with the love appeal of a true woman!”
It's Day Two of the Bloomsday Festival and we managed to sneak in a quick lunch time lecture on sex and music in James Joyce's Ulysses. The event entitled 'shall i wear a red yes' was taking place next door at the Dublin Writer's Museum.
Roger Nichols & The Small Circle Of Friends- The Drifter
till the call came..........
Just this past week I picked up Twisted Agendas by Damian McNicholl. (In the interest of full disclosure, Damian contacted me on my blog & asked for a review.) This book intrigued me as one of the main characters was a female American expat living in London, and I naturally presumed I would identify with her. I was wrong, but I'm OK with it! :)
Tiffany also faced the armhole openings using the same method.
And the heat of the sun on a summers day.
6. My SUV
Pigeon English, Stephen Kelman (Bloomsbury)
I was attracted to this top simply because the design on it was so striking. I love the mix of colors. Once on, however, it was clear it wasn't going to work for me. I tried on the X-Small and it was HUGE! It swallowed me up. It doesn't look as bad in the pictures actually, just a bit baggy, but in real life, it was a train wreck. Sized out on this one. I will say although it was cute, it's no way $78 cute. Wait for sale and size down on this one.
That's not quite it for this year for me though - we've still got the final Dear Diary entry to come afore Hogmany falls upon us. Another soul salute is due to all the bloggers and browsers, regular or occasional who take time out to visit this corner of cyberspace..
And has never been a "Cuddle Baby" as her Grammie tends to say, and its true.
Like I said, this isn't a message book; it's not didactic. But there are some things a reader can take away: do the right thing. Love matters. Life is made of hard choices. But, again -- this is not preachy. There is meaning and depth here.
14 See Me Feel Me (5:16)
Anne Rudloe was a marine biologist, nature writer, Zen teacher, and founder of the Gulf Specimen Marine Laboratory in Panacea, Florida, an environmental education center and public aquarium.
The process of creating the trellis is so simple. In fact, my almost 4 year old did it with very little help from me and she had so much fun. Here is what you do. Take two wooden stakes (about 5+ feet tall and drive them into the ground far enough apart that you can plant all your peas in between them. Then take a piece of thin rope and tie it around one post. Next wrap the rope around the other post being sure to pull it pretty tight so it stays in place. Then weave the rope back and forth between the two posts making sure to wrap it around a different part of the post each time. You will create a spider web like trellis for your peas to grow up. Once you have finished weaving the rope back and forth, tie it off and get ready to plant you peas.
When you look back on your past relationships, very few (if any) ended the way they began. Somewhere along the line, “love” became hate. People who used to creep each other’s facebooks every twenty minutes to see what their true love was up to, eventually delete each other because they can’t stand seeing the other’s status updates in their newsfeed.
Also for employers, because they will not be worrying about the budget balance all the time and how to cut it, telecommuting can spread because there is less need to watch over people 24/7 to make sure they don’t waste shareholder money doing nothing or surfing the web. As long as the work gets done to the standard and deadline required of them, who cares where it is done from and how you manage your time as long as you show up when it is really needed? Of course there are some jobs that can’t be done remotely but it can cut down the car dependency we have for a large chunk of office based commuters, which will be greener whether we drop money or not. A Stanford study recently concluded that people were more effective and produced more on average when they could work at home verses the work place.
subtle, endless needles
Thank you sooo much for stopping by!! :)
There were two aspects that surprised me. First, when I began researching Titanic: Voices from the Disaster I had no idea there was such an active group of amateur historians from around the world involved in the Titanic. I was able to call on this community for invaluable assistance. I also was surprised to learn how many controversies about the ship’s sinking are still being discussed and I tried to hint at some of these in the book.
One speculation of ours if that maybe the reservationist thought that Amber was talking about the "Free Dining Offer" that is available to the public around that time. If this was the case then that would explain why the booking agent told Amber that there were blackout dates.
Anyway, today, she didn’t have an accident. She asked to go to the playground as we were driving home. I had gone to pick her up as Stu was working late, so it was just me and the two girls. We had promised her a trip to the playground as a reward for not having an accident. So I took her to the smaller playground, the one with slides. She promised to listen and be good.
That’s our version of the trap that closes around every society that overshoots its resource base. The struggle to sustain the unsustainable – to maintain levels of consumption the remaining resource base won’t support indefinitely – always seems to drive the sort of short-term expedients that make for long-term disasters. I’ve come to think that a great many of the recent improvements in efficiency in the industrial world have their roots in this process. Loudly ballyhooed as great leaps forward, they may well actually be signs of the tightening noose of resource constraints that, in the long run, will choke the life out of our civilization.
Leave me a comment for each time you repost.
I learned to spin Poi, and spun on the top of a mountain in Big Sur, California after a long hike up with my cousin Sarah.
Bones, and a great deal of blood.
1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice
These hilarious and easy-to-read books follow a pair of googly-eyed friends, one a boy (Buzz), the other a fly (Fly Guy). Fly Guy loves garbage soup, piles of dirt, smelly mops and dirty dishes, and the pair have many icky adventures over the 10 books in the series. In Super Fly Guy, our little hero finds happiness in the lunchroom.
Between the school and the nearby church the land sloped gently to a small stream. Really a trickle, less than three feet wide and water level below one foot. I don’t know where it started but it came from north-east of the school, bent right and after a short distance turned left and flowed to a canal far to the south. The water was absolutely clear. One could even watch the tiny fish moving in the creek. They
No need for further explanations.
-Swinging when you aren't drowsy.
1. The Mexican War resulted in all of the following EXCEPT:
I was in the kitchen, everything clear, just starting to make more candy. (Yes it's becoming an obsession.) In scuffs Jim in his perpetual slippers, holy tee shirt, and his nod to the holidays, his candy cane pajama pants. Any other time of year he would be wearing Cubs pajama pants.
Here's a video of a few of the words he's saying (though many of them sound the same). I love hearing his little voice and seeing that big smile on his face!
In his dream, all of this took place exactly as foretold.
Sometimes, it really hurts.
Please help raise awareness of the Invisible Children and of Joseph Kony and the LRA to expose all that they do and how it all must end. If you don’t know what I mean by this, watch this short film on the war in Uganda and how Kony profanes the Name of the Lord.
we could live like that, no?
NO TO UNIVERSITY FEES. SUPPORT THE CAMPAIGN TO DEFEAT FEES
Here's a few shots from last night:
The question then becomes was he the actual messiah? It appears as if he accepted the role, but wasn’t necessarily born into it. It could have been John the Baptist or anyone else. Jesus was special and unique in many ways, but I do not put much stoke in the hype surrounding the idea of a savior. Jesus taught of nonviolence and love. He was divine, but preached that we all the ability to experience God. We all had the potential for greatness. The Jewish Messiah was often envisioned as a great warrior. This clashed with the message that Jesus was trying to convey. So how was he to fulfill the role of messiah without leading an army to war? He knew he had to find another way to be our savior, so he chose to sacrifice himself. He chose to try and convey the idea of death and rebirth be enacting it a most dramatic way. It is as much a symbolic act as a literal one.The problem or flaw in an otherwise perfect plan is that of subjective truth. Each of his disciples interpreted his teaching differently. They argued and squabbled over what was right or who was more loved. Jesus was a patient teacher who settled many arguments during his brief time traveling and teaching.
At the certain risk of repeating myself (what's this, paid magpie logo project number four for me now... total number of enquiries for magpie logos must be around eight or nine... I've really lost track now...) here is my latest magpie logo design This feathered fellow is for a publisher in the Netherlands. I really don't know what manner of 'corvid zeitgeist' I've been fortunate enough to tap into...?! Mustn't grumble of course.
The story is that of several Pennsylvania steel worker friends and what happens when three of the them are proudly shipped off to Vietnam and leave their small blue collar town behind. After being captured POW’s and facing the horror of what a POW goes through they struggle to return home and find any sense of normalcy.
I've spent some time thinking about this, I've spent time listening to the originals of the songs the Midtown Men imitated. One thing was clear: You could actually hear the words. And the melody. They were both important. Just not at the same time.
Ever since he has been sick he has been sleeping in the car seat. When we were in the hospital, every time I laid him down he woke back up coughing. So I have been very leery about laying him on his back. Looking at it that way, I received the Miracle Blanket at just the right time. As baby Harold has finally gotten rid of his cough and we are done with his breathing treatments I felt safe laying him on his back during the night.
Her several parts could keep a pure repose,
***We do have one announcement we want to be sure you get!***
Have you started to show yet: Absolutely!
5. Iron Man 2
- PIZZA. Can't get much rounder than that. And pie. Why else do you think they call the mathematical constant that is the ratio of any circle's circumference to its diameter pi? (Or if you want to be picky π? Hmmm?)
I entered the private room with all this paperwork and the envelop,of the sacred kind,not the normal one.
Senior officials at the U.S. Department of Transportation have at least temporarily blocked the release of findings by auto-safety regulators that could favor Toyota..."It has become very political. There is a lot of anger towards Toyota," Mr. Person said. Transportation officials "are hoping against hope that they find something that points back to a flaw in Toyota vehicles."The government is embarrassed by the shrill ravings of grandstanding congressmen. The NHTSA is afraid of claims that it is "in bed with the auto industry." The press is embarrassed by its sensational repeating of unsubstantiated charges.
Well, in a much smaller nation, the Vietnamese Communist Party just might be much closer to its people than in vast, teeming China. Even better, the Party quickly learns the lessons of history. Also, most Vietnamese don’t have the same get-rich-at-all-costs ethos that appears to plague modern day China. And Hanoi is just around the corner from Haiphong (just ask John McCain). So the central government recognized an opportunity to reclaim a portion of the legitimacy that may have been lost during the past decade:
In July 1991, Sophie Ristelhueber travelled to Yugoslavia with writer Jean Rolin. However, she did not come back with photographs of the fighting between Serbs and Croats; instead, two years later, and after much thought, she started work on Every One in a Parisian hospital. Also published in book form, these giant format photographs of bodies bearing their recent stitches, which seem to have no direct link with war, become an allegory.
This is the attitude you need to take towards your plot as you are writing. Plots can be devious things and they can easily catch you off-guard when you least expect it. So, if your plot leads you into a trap, pile the heads of its kinsmen at its feet! If it hides from you, tear apart the mountains to find it! In other words, follow it to hell! By the way, if you’re actually running around your house screaming the above quote at your manuscript, I think you need help. Also, my name’s not James, it’s Fred and I live at 123 Fake Street… you nutcase.
All of this media bombardment and emphasis placed on the tenth anniversary is difficult to ignore. But, do I want to remember 9/11?
"We wanted to fill them with change and shake them," said Smorgen, "but change has started to become scarce again and we don't know if we have enough. So we will fill them with dried pasta instead. We will also bang on them with wooden spoons."
Oh baby, your time is running out.
I have fast become an expert in all things Jude, and what I don’t know, I make up/learn along the way. Take yesterday for example. After a few errands, we made our last stop at the grocery store. Instead of pushing him in his stroller–which has limited space for our purchases–I decided to put him in the front of the shopping cart. At the last minute, while unbuckling him from his car seat, I opted to leave his pacifier behind because I think it inhibits his babbling, and I’d like to slowly wean him from the habit.
I wonder if my prayers would be more effective if my first response to Abba’s requests was not a groan. (Although admittedly there are sometimes in prayer when there are no words, and only a primal moan will do.)
Lord Falconer, of course, is perfectly free to set up an ad hoc committee to take evidence and make recommendations to Parliament. It is a free country and he has every right to try and influence public policy.
My brain is lying to me again. It caught me off guard this time because I wasn't paying attention. It's been minimizing all the positives in my life, and maximizing the negatives. It's been telling me that the world is black and white, and that things are either "all good" or "all bad", with no gray areas in between. It's been telling me that I've failed as a teacher because I let one student down at a time when I was in no position to help her (unbloggable stuff - can't elaborate), and that I'm not good enough to do this anymore. It's been telling me that I've failed as a parent because I can't get through to Katie. It's been telling me that I've failed as a person because I can't shake this feeling of negativity and sadness over Victoria. It's been telling me that I've failed as a brother because I can't save my brother from his own state of depression. And on and on.
So, the big story was around his resignation and his unfortunate use of the term “crucify.” Opponents of the EPA cited this as over-zealous and how dare he discuss crucifying these legitimate business interests. The context is the real story. Dish, Texas is the community near a hydraulic fracturing site where bedrock is blasted by chemically loaded water to release natural gas. For more on “fracking” please refer to an earlier post on “The Perils of Fracking.” Mr. Armendariz’ was making a speech in Dish as there is evidence of contaminated water and air pollution which are two of the major drawbacks of fracking. The real story is the extreme measure of harvesting natural gas is poisoning the water supply of a nearby town and arsenic, mercury, methane and others gases are being released into the air. Although not stated in the article fracking takes a significant amount of water that should not be reused and Texas is having severe drought problems.
after jagged, bent-out-of-shape paperclip,
While surfing the web last night, my partner in crime somehow ran across THIS. Now, let me preface by saying that while I don't love Stone Temple Pilot, I've always thought that Scott Weiland was sort of hot (in a dirty, heroin scumbag sort of way. Don't judge me. I like what I like.) I thought, "Hmmm. This is strange, with a 59% chance of being interesting." and immediately instructed Big Guy to preview the songs.
The situation has Democrats in a box. If they fight the Republican effort to cut back payments of the tax credit, they will be favoring the delivery of refunds to people who not only do not owe income taxes but are not supposed to be in the country in the first place.
Constructing every building on our 40 acres, including furniture within, and out.
By Inge Bronkhorst
I’ve chosen Miranda.
and she is like "I need hooks for the kitchen" which she might as well have said in FRENCH because I have no idea what she means.
I mentioned over a month ago that the Guardians of Otis had traveled to a place called “Twos On” on what I presumed was official Cult of Otis business. Well, it seems I was correct. Recently Brother Oliver was messing around with the Guardians’ computer when he stumbled across a recording and some photos that he says blew him away. The recording was the voice of a kitty, and he had a strange drawl to his speech. He was telling a story, and he went on for over an hour.
Alas the generosity that Sir Alex extends cannot be matched here. With Harry Redknapp doing all that he can to prove his England credentials – contentious goal conceded, team in white collapsing in a hapless mess – Arsenal need to increase the psychological pressure on Spurs. This is not lost on Tomas Rosicky, who refuses to allow over-confidence to set in,
After my lovely wife translated my question, his response was, “Because it’s never full.”
Britany: Oh, right now?
The incident transpired in a flash, and Friedemann said Romney then led his cheering schoolmates back to his bay-windowed room in Stevens Hall.
Cap looks a tad cheesy, but his costume is impossible to film. The buccaneer boots will never work. Chris Evans seemed a bit restrained in this movie, the stiff personality of Steve Rogers maybe getting lost a smidge among all the goofballs on the team. There is not real chance for Cap to grow here. He is fully realized as a hero. But his action scenes are fantastic.
16 Rescue
dewdrop-world (http://dewdrop-world.blogspot.in/)- for managing to juggle an extremely demanding job with life and cooking and travel and writing and thus sharing bits of her life with us
Can an angry woman get ahead? (- This study is a personal favorite, as it shows what happens to us when we fail to follow our gender’s stereotype. In summation, when a woman acts angry, or a man acts sad for that matter, they are seen as less competent, less employable, and deserving of a smaller salary than an angry male. The question once again is, what is causing this? Dissonance!!!! (see the pattern yet?)
after winning its freedom from Mexico.
Torn between Promises One and Three, Shelby makes a decision -- to exploit a loophole and lose her virginity before taking the vow. But somewhere between failed hookup attempts and helping her dad plan the ball, Shelby starts to understand what her mother really meant, what her father really needs, and who really has the right to her purity
I have to cook my own red bean paste as I couldn't find any commercial fillings here in this Kangaroo Land. I soaked the red beans over night. Boiled and smashed them the next day and finally fry them along with sugar in 2:1 ratio.
Smoke, and such a size!
I love the unknown connections just as much as the known. When I stop for lunch on Saturday’s at the Waterfront Restaurant, I always sit at the bar and savor the most delicious food. Ryan is an expert bartender and knows exactly what I like. I have met the most interesting people sitting there. Including a very old man who insisted on telling me about a secret bar in town that has leprechaun strippers. Okay, so maybe I didn’t *love* this connection. But I was quite fascinated by what the man had to say.
Hazel Dell Brewpub
3) Go big or go home.
* An olive tree was a representation of “be fruitful and multiply”, and promised faithful children steadfastly connected to the roots of the tree. The olive branch was promise of Noah’s family legacy. *
She told me this morning to “call it” – to guess whether it’s a boy or a girl. I had to admit that I’ve been picturing her with a boy, although I don’t know why that is. A few months ago I was thinking that a girl would be more fun to shop for, but after spending time in baby stores and on baby websites, I now feel confident that there are adorable gifts to be had for babies of either sex.
Born in Dublin to an Irish mother and a father who immigrated to Ireland from Zambia, Samantha Mumba enjoyed tremendous success during the years of 2000-2002 as one of world's most popular female pop singers. With an album that went Platinum and several very popular videos where she danced and sang and otherwise put herself on display, she was certainly the cause of the Gujarat earthquake in January of 2001.
New Albany, Mississippi, USA
Naturally, this set off a firestorm of controversy.
- Some Seloka Wedha and Jain in the book is explicitly and completely describe the shape of the 'flying vehicle' called 'Vimana' that its characteristics resemble flying saucers today.
There was some discussion between me and some friends on Facebook the fight scenes, and the general consensus (and Kevin agrees) is that the fight scenes are largely glossed over and not graphic enough. It’s not that everyone is a fan of blood and gore, but most of the fight scenes consisted of a brief flash of a knife, a quick glimpse of a dead tribute, a fast fading in and out of a mortal wound, that type of thing. However, it makes sense that the graphic nature of the violence had to be minimized in order to keep the movie’s rating at PG-13, and therefore accessible to the very audience the books are aimed at.
Commenting on her new role, Claire said “I have worked with Sonaisali and the Fijian market for a number of years and have always loved the property. I am delighted to now be a part of the Sonaisali Team and very excited to be representing Fiji’s newest Five Star Island Resort – Tadrai Island Resort”
- Feel free to post about all of the fun and thank your Holly Bloggy partner after Christmas!
Ahhh... and what if those clothes no longer fit? Do I really have time to rush out and shop for a new little black dress, with the chaos of consumer Christmas shopping in full swing?
“Inside these aged, stooped, relatively inactive people were scandalous, active, wild, un known people, sexual people, but you couldn’t see anything of it anymore,” he said. “Inside these people were these other people, and I think that’s where it really started for me, with this idea that there’s all this invisible history that is being pushed to the side.”
A Gate story.
I bet you're wondering why I'm posting so much all in one day?
The lilac blooms were colored with a base of V12. I chose this color because it's called "Pale Lilac" and I wanted to see how accurate it really was. Sure enough, I like it for a pale base color to my blooms.
Until then...dogggies!
It hit me last night. My novel has decided to become a series. I never would have expected myself capable of writing a series. I have an idea, and I follow it through to the end. But here I have four individual stories waiting to be told, all tied together with an overarching main concept. WTF (let's choose "fudge" this time; I'd never say that other word)? How did that happen?
Dr. Ki Deok Kim, Korea University, South Korea
dude.
62. Merl Saunders - Imagine (2:39)
This is the beginning of self-destruct.
I bring this up because religion and sexual identity come up in Bill Cunningham: New York. Although the topics are treated gingerly (and fleetingly), they weighed heavily for me while I was watching the film. Again and again we see how Cunningham takes pride -- one might call it excessive ego-investment -- in his outward simplicity/self-effacement/self-denial. He rejects or dismisses offers of food, paychecks, awards, recognition, again and again and again. And he talks about this endlessly, which raises red flags of the lady doth protest too much sort. It feels gratuitous.
You would think some young soldier spoke these words. The hill country of Israel is rough terrain. It was especially tough because they had to battle fierce giants for the possession of it. But Caleb, the man who spoke up, was 85 years old. That’s not the perception we usually have of “Senior Citizens.”
It does bother me, however, when the Supreme Court rules in favor of those on death row that they may pursue lawsuits claiming that the lethal injections used by states are cruel and unusual. Nearly every state in the country has adopted lethal injections as the preferred method of execution, because of the belief that it is more humane and painless than the electric chair, the gas chamber or hanging. We have already gone the extra mile to make capital punishment as humane as possible. With this ruling, it will become virtually impossible for any state to execute anyone, overturning the will of most Americans and most legislatures. That might be tolerable for some other reason, but it’s absurd to argue that society has no right to inflict pain on murderers, and that is the essence of this ruling.
I mentioned above that I had a hard time figuratively paying the school fees in December, but at the end of the day, I cannot put a price on my daughter’s happiness.
One of the things I really like about steampunk is that it's much more than a literary genre. There's steampunk fashion and steampunk art and steampunk music and, definitely, a hard to define steampunk personal ethos. Of these, steampunk fashion gives the biggest clue. It puts functional components back in the open. Buttons are numerous and shiny. Belts are thick and big-buckled. Cogs and pistons are in evidence. Mechanical enhancements are attached. There are goggles.
Although they offer salads and sandwiches, along with classic sweets such as cookies and muffins, they shine in the tart department. Being the height of autumn, ’tis the season for flavors such as apple and pumpkin, but other more imaginative options, like pear & almond, also reign baker Jerome Audureau’s menu. And, as evidence that everything’s better with chocolate, the chewy and dense banana & chocolate tart is a must-eat. Sized at five inches ($5.50), the tarts are perfectly portioned for self-indulgence. Unless, of course, you get two. Or three.
I hate giving up a dream. The person left behind is not as good. I already know about the bitterness you acquire. Whether or not I can still do anything about it, I want to know what she wanted. I know some of it. I see some of it in other women. I feel like she’s part of a Counterforce against the conformity stretching its fingers across all lands and all media as we become some kind of 21st century monoculture.
And speaking of "Juicebox," who has ideas on how to get Juicy Juice to use my song as their jingle? How hard can it be?
“Unless you are initiated by a bona fide spiritual master in the disciplic succession, the mantra that you might have received is without any effect.”
“Yes”.
So imagine the cartwheels I would doing when I received the following email....
Is there a song that takes you back in time? What song is it & what's the memory attached?
Aww, it's OK, though far from the hard core of what most readers of this blog would consider the essential stuff that inspirations are built on. Much of it seems only a few steps removed from the likes of the Softs and their longhair brethren only without the more daring aspects. I guess most of you reg'lars'll wanna pass on it and I can't blame you, but since I'm so hard up I'll probably be spinnin' this for the next three hours straight...
I was so taken with my “discovery” of the mural that I had forgotten to get the name of the business and exact address…so I had to make a return trip to collect that info. When I went back, I found that the bottom half of the mural had been blackened-out…covered…in only four or five days from when I shot these photos. I went into the store to see who I might find who could explain what was going on with the mural. I found a young man behind the counter, Oz, who told me that the whole mural is covered and replaced every year…has been for the last four or five years now. Each time they have it replaced, the graffiti artist Kier re-paints the whole thing…with spray cans of paint. The murals usually contain a message…ideas submitted by store customers, neighboring businesses, the Korner Market owners, and Kier himself. The subject matter for the present mural is 2012…with the intertwined concerns of the Maya prediction about the ending of life as we know it, politics, UFOs, and society in general. You’ll notice the three-headed image of Greenspan, Obama, and Bush…alien experimentation…and frightened masses.
With the result that we would have found ourselves with five hectares for which we have no use at a vastly over rated price.....and for a neighbour we would have had The Neighbour.....busy building himself a house with our money on the three hectares we had assumed we had bought!
In the case of Uniloc, Microsoft was found to infringe Uniloc's patent directed to software "product key" technology that helped prevent "casual copying" of software products. The jury awarded Uniloc $388M in damages. The damage award was based on the testimony of Uniloc’s expert, Dr. Gemini. Gemini opined that the damage calculation was based on the value of a product key ($10) multiplied by 25% of the value of the product (Windows XP, Microsoft Word), resulting in a baseline royalty rate of $2.50 per license issued.
It's an amazing fact: there have only been four brewers in the twenty year history of Broad Ripple Brewpub. Ted Miller, Brewing Business Unit Leader for Brugge Brasserie - Indiana Region, was Broad Ripple Brewpub's third brewmaster. As we approach BRBP's 20th Anniversary Party on Sunday, we are happy to present a six pack interview with him.
We also drank a ton of water and walked everywhere, so the eating was guilt free, almost.
In truth, I’d never thought of it as food for humans. I’d known that lichen was a plant-like organism, an abundant hybrid occupying the nebulous space between fungus and algae. I’d heard that it had been eaten in Japan during times of famine, but I never dreamed it could be used to create dishes as magical and innovative as the ones I experienced at Cook it Raw last week.
Just about all of the voters we've spoken to (in some underpriveleged areas) have been very receptive and happy to meet us. They know what this presidential campaign is about, they know what this great nation means to them personally, and and we're doing our best to make sure they are committed to getting out and voting in this election.
And we watched the clock.
With the head I had a chance to play up two of my favourite Ork elements - 'teef' and fungus. Teef function as currency, and Ork mouths and faces are very much defined by them. I love the ways the sculptors have played with them over the years and this is an homage. As for the fungus, it's always been in the background as food and drink, and since the late '90s and Gorkamorka the Orks have grown from it. Ork spores drift, Orks and their ecosystem grow in cool places and worlds are infested. I like the idea of fungus sprouting on an Ork as moles might on us, and a bare head is a good space.
I’m sure that the neighbours could hear her crying. I’m sure that they thought that we were inflicting some sort of cruel and unusual punishment on our daughter. We were merely trying to put a clean diaper on her.
5 least safe neighborhoods
While I have pointed that the hardware shown in the anatomy chapter isn’t necessarily of the RB6, what is on show is obviously genuine and recent RBR. So for those not so familiar with the cars constituent parts, there isn’t a better source of this available in print today. Even web resources will fail to have such a comprehensive breakdown of an F1 car.
Oh, this one is so very difficult right now. It was difficult in the past, too, before the rewording, but certain events in my life this year have made it that much worse. I would love to be able to say that my life is virtuous, but that would be such a lie. I’ll be working on this one…
At that time, I was still trying to put the last few finishing touches to Alan Moore: Storyteller for Ilex Press and attending to several other urgent freelance jobs, and the extremely short two-week deadline made it unlikely that I’d find the time to be able to contribute. I racked my brains for some sort of positive, uplifting angle (as had been stipulated by the organisers, the ) and had pretty much given up on coming up with something worthwhile when I was inspired by a two-minute film in Channel 4’s nightly series 4Thought while stir-frying some chicken and vegetables for that night’s dinner.
Christ night.
But it is too important to ignore. The very lives of our children are dependent on our action today, and there is little to be seen on the horizon that provides an answer. The liberal/left politicians are happy with the short term situation, because mass immigration provides them with mass votes.
As a result of the tormenting, she said she suffered a nervous breakdown, severe depression and migraines.
Justin Vernon’s catharsis of a band released their second album in 2011, and the lead off single was named for my hometown. The droning keyboards matched with Vernon’s wistful falsetto create a sense of icy isolation, much like Calgary in -40C weather. Simply lovely.
Stage 11 in Added Collect all 105 assistant coins.
The team instantly responded, on a Saturday, with two tickets and backstage passes for Chelsea. That made her almost smile, and it gave her something to focus on in the smothering fog of homelessness and cold.
In this respect, I find myself a hesitant liberator. I remember reading about the great master Garry Winogrand, who died with some 300,000 unexposed frames. His legacy is a result of the same hesitance to “release” his images. Winogrand once said that to his students that they should put the exposed film aside until they completely forgotten what was shot on them, then look at them again, as if for the first time.
Please read on to learn more about this talented designer…
Goooooood Morning and a very happy Teddy Bo Tuesday to you all.
And so it came to be on Monday evening that the Idiot was surfing on his computer when he heard his little wife scream from the bedroom on the opposite end of the house.
To better assist you on this journey in the New Year, I reached out to some of the entrepreneurs and social media mavens I look up to and trust. Here are their top social-media trends for 2012:
For reporting the exploitation of children, such as child pornography. Parents and others concerned with child safety can call this number to report suspicious or illegal Internet activity online. Operated by the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children (NCMEC).
“Think harder, then. I know I could have made more of a difference in protect my fa- my people had I bothered to learn the art of the sword before the Orcs attacked. And I know that if I had learned to use the Light for healing before they came instead of just reading about it, I could have helped more as well. And I know that our mages were helpful both in and out of battle; with their offensive spells, defensive shields. The food they conjured, the portals they set up. I am sure that you could have the potential to be that useful too.”
Thanks again to each and everyone of you, for helping to make it the best year ever.
Still, I hope that the shipper war has died down enough and the mythology fans have tempered down enough that we can begin to debate the relationships of Lost, their validity and their relevance to society at large, because I always felt that it was a sadly overlooked aspect of the incredibly deep, layered TV show, something which, if you took it seriously, it was impossible for others to take you seriously for.
Our onboard guide’s sing-song commentary was often gabbled into the microphone with the speed and spontaneity normally reserved for the disclosures at the end of political TV commercials. He certainly knew his stuff. Off by heart. Which gave the impression that he’d done the tour for years, too many times each week.
TIME TO TALK TO AN EXPERT
15 November
3 lbs ground chuck
Record by opponent, Los Angeles Angels 2-1 (road 2-1), Oakland Athletics 1-2 (road 1-2), Cleveland Indians 2-4 (0-3 home/2-1 road), Detroit Tigers 0-3 (0-3 home), Toronto Blue Jays 0-4 (0-4 home), Minnesota Twins 1-1 (1-1 road).
10. Art Journal Journey. Looking forward to participating in this. My judicious decision making thought...it's free. I want to play in my art journal more.
There were two cute dogs at the vineyard! I think our teachers and the owner were all bothered of us paying more attention to the dogs than the information he was giving for us about making wine :-D One of the Italian teachers asked us we have never seen a dog before, or what was the reason for everyone going crazy about them, haha.
The bottom line is that no matter how many articles you have published there will always be this special one that makes you feel proud.
That minute we were friends
The epitaph on my gravestone will be “Lewis Schaffer: He Left it to the Last Minute”.
While I was talking to my friend John this past weekend I remembered looking at my arm and I noticed a particular scar. I also found it so interesting that while I have tons of scars on my body, inside and out, but we will get to that later; that I was able to remember what memory this specific one belonged to. I know we always talk about scars as something that teach us to learn from the past. Scars happen as a way to remind us that were alive. They serve as some recollection to something that we did or that happened to us in our lives. While there are plenty of scars on my body that I couldn’t tell you where they came from or what happened because I do have a bit of a problem of picking at scabs (some sort of obsessive compulsive behavior) I thought it would be interesting to examine some of my visible scars and the ones that I hold under my skin and think about what they have taught me and what I should have learned from them. I also think that some of these scars probably had some effect on my disorder over time.
No, for me it is clear. The church is not called to prune, that is God’s job. Faggots of fruitless followers are God’s business not mine.
In massage therapy school, I was told to use “Universal Precautions“, and that is what I will leave with you today. I was taught in school that in using Universal Precautions, I would not assume which clients had a contagious disease, or herpes, HIV or AIDS. I was taught to use precautions that would protect me whenever I worked on any client. For some, that meant gloves, for some it was constant hand washing.
I came back to it today, and I have made progress. How much progress? Well, let’s see: I made an introduction page for the overall theme which is “The Last Word Spoken” (I changed my theme from “The Science of Story” to this one) and I have in mind an “about the artist” page for the last two pages of the sketchbook, so that killed 4 pages that I dont have to worry about anymore *sigh*. On the down side, I have 2 drawings I have finished sketching but Im not too pleased with, so I keep putting off adding color. *hangs head in shame*. Life is difficult!
and possibly solve the problem of world hunger.
Leather jacket, Wilson’s Leather. Navy and white wrap dress, Merona. White slip (visible at neckline), vintage. Yellow tee, Wet Seal. Navy tights, Hue. Yellow patent pumps, Victoria Spenser. Brown scarf. Amber pendant, Ali’s Boutique. Amber drop earrings, gifted. Corny bracelet, Into the Fray.
It. Is. Driving. Me. Crazy.! I'm so tired that the bags under my eyes have bags. I woke up my oldest today and THOUGHT he got up. I then went back to bed for what I thought was an hour until 7, but it turned out to be ..um 10am..yep great parenting! So I get the younger ones up and we head downstairs to find that the alarm is still on and deadbolt locked..so Ryan didn't get up either..FABULOUS!!!
I’m going far-afield for the Post of the Day–all the way to Ireland. This is a post by Lyla on her site, THEMUNDANELIFEOF. The title is, So My Mother Tried to Kill Herself Again. This is not a feel-good post, friends. I found it scrolling through the Life tag on the WordPress Page. I debated quite awhile whether to make it the post of the day, because I’m all about the writing, as you know. However, if anyone ever needed a cyber hug, Lyla seems to be that person. It is not a post you can click the Like button, but maybe, a few of you kind souls can give a comment on hope or something. I don’t know. But I bet you do. HF
Round 7-8: 1 HDC in each ST around. (60 HDC)
does not exist, love will sit in the backseat,
Anyway, here's what I've been working on.
I would have thought it self-evident that the goal of all sheep farmers would be to raise fat sheep. This is probably why I am an Innkeeper – the sheep business is clearly too intricate for me.
By now, the fabric was so pretty that she got really vain, and wanted many to see her. She went to her good friend Janome sewingmachine, and asked if he could help her get quilted. No problem, Janome said.
Bernd and Hilla Becher (2 gelatin silver prints, 1970, 1982)
Tights - Target
Once again another Lovell's Day celebration has come and gone. It's always a good time with lots of traditions. The last full week of June is the X that marks the spot. As usual, we had our good friends the Poague's stay with us for the week and that's always a good time. However, Matt and I were both under the weather and weren't much fun. In fact we didn't even make it to all our usual "stops"!!
The homeless guy that lived by the creek.
The cask beers available included three offerings, Blonde Star and Sinistar from Brew Star and the freshly tapped Mordue Panda Frog Pandazilla, the very first cask ever to enter Alnwick soil. Starting things off Brew Star Blonde Star was a beer worth checking out. Very clean textured, subtle citrus, quite elegant and quaffable.
To start with, a canton system, as in Switzerland, can be created between Afrikaners and the coloured tribes, which can develop into independent states for white and brown later… but definitely without any black interference.
Despite Mr. Okah’s repeated denials of links to MEND and its attacks, his narration paints a picture of a former powerful figure whose influence over ex-militants, was courted by politicians, in the same breath regarded as a threat.
The highly effective campaign to prevent Taib’s family company Ta Ann from destroying Tasmania, like Sarawak, is making Pinocchios out of politicians there!
For the PRINCESS of Las PULGAS BOOK GIVEAWAY, just leave a comment. Easy-peasy!!
DUMB
Now faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen.
“Workers ' management sounds attractive, but that management would face the same problems as the Beaverbrook management.” Is that true? It would not face baying shareholders demanding shareholder value. Its workers might well decide to forego their share of dividends, in order to hold on to their jobs, for instance. Workers might also decide not to plough back all of their profits into an expansion of Capital, aware that Capitalism is a system prone to cycles. They might decide to act like Pharaoh in the Bible, and lay aside funds for the lean years. A private Capitalist has no such incentive, because they are unconcerned about laying off workers in the lean years, other than to the extent that re-employing and retraining them would increase the costs.
Anyway, I would enjoy seeing that exhibition.
First off, here are the lyrics:
“The philosophy of our service is that we open a house somewhere and, with the patience of a spider, we lay our web to wait for people to get caught in the web; and we teach those who do. We don’t lay the web to eat or consume them but to show them the way to their resurrection, to blow life into their dead bodies and souls, to give them a life.”
And he calmly replied, "I have no idea, Mommy".
I once walked in to an attorney’s office and as I often did, decided to use a comedic icebreaker to open up the conversation. I am known for using off the wall ice breakers as I feel they are more effective in stirring interest in the buyer as opposed to something cheesy like “how about the weather”. You have to be careful here though as I quickly learned when I told the secretary I was with the IRS and was there for their scheduled audit. She proceeded to freak out and promptly kicked me out after I told her I was just kidding. As it turned out they were tax lawyers and the IRS was a sore subject for them.
In a large mixing bowl, whisk together flour, salt and yeast. Add water and mix until a shaggy mixture forms. Cover bowl with plastic wrap and set aside for 12 - 18 hours (I did 16 hours). Overnight works great. Heat oven to 450 degrees. When the oven has reached 450 degrees place a cast iron pot with a lid in the oven and heat the pot for 30 minutes. Meanwhile, pour dough onto a heavily floured surface and shape into a ball. Cover with plastic wrap and let set while the pot is heating. Remove hot pot from the oven and drop in the dough. Cover and return to oven for 30 minutes. After 30 minutes remove the lid and bake an additional 15
We found the following silent movie to be very informative. It tells about mould growth and the conditions that would encourage that. The most fascinating part for us is to see the individual mould spores shown under the microscope, which we could not see using the magnifying glass:
“Salvation is found in no one else, for there is no other name under heaven given to mankind by which we must be saved.”
I also have a heaping helping of great prizes exclusively for the 54 players to win. Wish I could gift you all, but know that I so appreciate you! For the players, we have the following goodies:
Anybody having trouble getting their workouts in? Any new DVDs or exercise programs I should know about?
Disney's Polynesian Resort (Deluxe Resort)
How can it continue to operate, one might ask, despite its complete perversion of Scientology and its mistreatment of staff and public?
To the quarreling Atheists and Christians in Loudoun County, I’d like to say: One of you should lighten up on your regulations, but the other should get in the chair, just the same.
Something funny about this guy is that he told us few time ago he was gonna marry. Daisy told me that for sure there was an ‘engagement kid’ instead of an ‘engagement ring’ besides all this. My answer was ‘maybe they are truly in love’ but this time Daisy was right ))))))
Depression may be an early sign of significantly low levels of pyridoxine, as well as other B vitamins. Additional symptoms of vitamin B deficiency are sleep disturbances, nausea, poor appetite, frequent infections, and skin lesions.
- Many Canadian cities broke all-time March temperature records: Ottawa (27.4 degrees C), Montreal (25.8 degrees C), Windsor (27.8 degrees C), Hamilton (25.6 degrees C), and the list goes on…
It might be worth your while to look for complete replacement burner - it might be difficult to get a old replacement burner top that will tightly fit (i.e. no gas leaks) your existing burner. You have the "contro-lo-eat burner" in front.
TV shows, sales people, weight loss commercials, they all imitate love to get your attention. Sex sells. Still…. sex isn’t love. Don’t be fooled. It’s everywhere. And I don’t want you to settle for someone with a sales plan and a mask.
I placed a jump ring into the large bead.
You can do it at the same time as reading it, so it’s pretty simple. All you have to be, is ‘open to the possibility of’.
So whatever, I go back to my desk, back to the bathroom, put on a pad, go to a meeting and put on a happy face until I have to leave for my appointment. My husband was able to go with me, by the way, which was great.
Moon stepped forwards and arched his back.
Time of Day: Midnight
Yesterday I showed you just a glimpse of a waterfall in the distance, and I thought you might want to see what it looks like up close. Inglis Falls is one of three waterfalls that surround the City of Owen Sound, Ontario, and it is located in a 200 hectare conservation area. Inglis Falls is an 18 metre high cascade, created by the Sydenham River meeting the edge of the Niagara Escarpment. The erosive power of the water has carved a deep gorge at the base of the falls.
Never be afraid to jump into love..the pearl is worth the dive.
in practice for your faddish, early teens
9. My Romance
How is my son? He is 21 years old. Depending on how you feel about methadone-- he has three months free of buying illegal drugs. B says that he has absolutely no desire to use. Amen! He struggles with everyday life, of course. He hates his boss, he says. I try to rephrase that way of thinking to be "he is frustrated with his boss". Sometimes, there are people who are given power in their position as a manager-- but they are lousy leaders. Still, my son shows up to work on time. I'm happy to see that. My mother always gave me that desire to be punctual to work-- even early. Because we've been experiencing some heavy rains, that shortens his work day-- thereby reducing his paycheck.
I am ashamed to admit that I have found myself inflicted with the "Keeping up with the Joneses" syndrome. The prospect of vacationing with someone whose means are much more abundant than that of my own has caused me to feel inferior. It is with great disappointment and sadness that I admit this.
The book is taken from diaries written by Antonina, the wife of the zookeeper in Warsaw, Poland. The first two chapters of the book are used to create the setting of the zoo. I understand that the reader needs background information, but I felt that the depth with which the writer went into describing the animals and zoology was unnecessary and sluggish in a book subtitled "A War Story." I almost quit reading, thinking that the book was not as I supposed it to be about life in Nazi Poland, but I decided to read a little more. Once the story moved forward to life revolving around the war, it did become somewhat more interesting. Though much of the book just skimmed the surface, there is a section that explains Jan’s involvement with the ghetto which delved a bit deeper into the people and life at that time.
Instead of being buoyed aloft in the Aethers purely by steam, it is ardently hoped that one is also capable of being uplifted by somewhat indecorous humour; fun-pokery, and on occasion, a certain lack of seriousity.
men in hats
Craving thrills, smelling grave
part of composition. She's vigorously and flamboyantly seized
Of course I noticed…
New York City’s Like A Graveyard – Moldy Peaches
When I get up, I usually feel this urgency to grab pen and paper and get the thoughts written before I lose them. This morning was one of those days. I walked into the kitchen, poured myself a cup a coffee, poured my spouse a cup of coffee and said, “Don’t say anything to me.” He just smiled and nodded. He knew immediately what I would do next.
And I just had to scratch that itch to start a new cardigan:It's the Empire Line Cardigan by Debbie Bliss. I've wanted to knit this forever. I've had the yarn forever too. It's RYC Cashsoft (Cashmere/Merino/Microfibre) the colour is "Poison". I got it on eBay a few years back specifically to make this cardigan. After all the lace shawls I've knit - I figured a lace cardigan won't pose too much trouble - and might even keep my interest enough to get it done quickly.
Just look at all that pollen!
But imagine living in a world in which harmony presented itself everywhere. A planet, moving along a finite path had its own own tone or group of tones. This was the music of the spheres. At the time there were 8 planets and they all were attached to a certain moving sphere. The movement of each sphere had its own musical expression.
3) Come back to this post and leave a comment including a DIRECT link to your creation or use the linky application below. Remember to make it a link to the specific post or picture and not just a general link to your blog or gallery. We need to be able to find your art!
JANUARY 1996 – JANUARY 1997
So now I'm going to get all metaphorical and junk. I just moved into a new apartment and I have this really long hallway that goes nearly the whole length of the apartment. I can't figure out what I want to do with it, but I know there must be something to make it look way less boring.
Smith, John C. (1987). The History of Cryptozoology. Jones & Son (London).
The top was just a wide rectangle sewn over the raw edge, though I added some piping to give it a more professional look. If I made this again I'd make the tuck a box pleat, but it looks ok as it is (pain to sew though - had to turn the tension WAY down because it was so thick!).
No matter what does happen, it was wonderful to see a team win with the type of character and grace that the Colts exhibited, not only this season but throughout the past 5 years. In an era of screaming coaches who compete with their players for face time, demonstrative wide receivers who seem to want attention more than victory, and fans who have more hate for opponents than love for anything, this team did it the right way. They outworked, outplayed, outcoached and outclassed everyone else. Even in victory there was very little gloating, save Robert Mathis's comment asking "the haters to please shut up." Much like the Patriots of 2001, they won as a team, not as individuals.
They found 11 out of 12 trolley mattresses were stained and two had a 'foul odour'.
Don't you just love the Sale-a-bration period with Stampin' Up!? I do, and I just recieved my first order with brand new goodies to play with! Check for more details on my Specials and Promotions page, so you can enjoy the FREE benefits too!
So here goes
Yep -typical unoriginal Hollywood movies, with the standard boilerplate insults against faithful Catholics, who are portrayed as petty and small-minded, while offering heart-warming sympathy towards those who flip off the Church. As Wilson states, the movie has a predictable conclusion as well – that Turner’s character realizes how wrong she was in trying to change her family. Which is a truism – we don’t have the power to change anyone. But the apparent message is: Catholics don’t love people for who they are; they only judge people on what they do. Well, some individual Catholics do act that way, but it’s not what the Church teaches. It’s not an either/or situation. As Catholics, we are called to love everyone precisely because of who they are – made in the image and likeness of God – and we are called to, yes, judge actions as either being sinful or not. That doesn’t give us license to act like jerks, or become self-righteous – because all of us are sinners. I suspect Turner’s character will be portrayed as being perfect and without sin – after all, she’s been nominated as Catholic Of The Year! - except by movie’s end, she’ll have an epiphany that her Big Sin was the sin of intolerance.
You can see more on his website, here. And then you can click the little player below to listen to our conversation. The screaming you hear every now and then in the
Ya' just gotta love that great little "Beard band" from Texas!
The next steps taken to overcome the memory wall included faster memory-I/O pins (the rising clock rate of SDRAMs from SDR to DDR 2/3/4, for example), more cache to relieve the pressure on main memory, and 3D IC assembly permitting many hundreds of memory-dedicated I/O pins (as with Wide-I/O DRAM). The ultimate attempt may be optical interconnect, abandoning electron-based interconnects completely.
A week ago we went to get food stamps. I got denied because I have too much money and I didn’t want to commit welfare fraud; $100 or so in government paid food is hardly worth those repercussions. If I had gone to a social service spot in Philly, I wouldn’t have been able to hear myself think. Here there was chatter, but people were whispering, keeping conversations at a normal level. At the DMV, I was in and out in twenty minutes, ten of which were spent taking a driver’s test. In the 99 Cent Only, people said “excuse me” and “oh, I’m sorry” if they were in your way. It really is a whole new world over here. IN SOUTH CENTRAL.
UPDATE 720am CDT 5/1/2012:
The (slightly) good news is that the number of people becoming obese may not be increasing as much as previously thought.
I have never been tagged before, so can I just break a rule and not tag anyone? Rule breakers don't ask!
It is implied here that we must obey God rather than man when the two come in conflict (i.e. the authorities tell you to do something that is contrary to the Word of God). The passage in I Peter 2 helps explain this conversation and is in no way a contradiction. We, as Christians, are to obey authority figures when they come in line with the Word of God. The explanation is in the rest of the verse in 2:13, “who are sent by Him to punish those who do wrong and to commend those who do right”. The authorities are to confirm the Word of God and not contradict It. They are to punish evil and reward those who do well. This idea is of being submissive within the limits of the Word of God is reiterated in the husband/wife relationship and the parent/child relationship. It is found in Ephesians 6:1 written by the apostle Paul.
Those recently having exhibitions at the West Vancouver Museum could be asked to tell stories of the heydays of painting here: the work, the parties, the artist groups and the patrons. Let’s catch the vision from them while it is still possible. Like a relay race, we can receive the baton to pass on to future generations.
wear it down and french braid my bangs.
Oh, I can't end there. Here's something my wife pointed out:
I couln’t resist throwing in some maple sugar, maple syrup and pecans as well, sorry, I just can’t help it .They are moist, tasty and simply delicious ! You really should have one. Or two.
We will be planting a pine tree
Oh, and I just saw that Mary-Anne’s on pinterest. Cool.
Here are the adorable creations from the DT...
Your oral health is more important than you may realize. Get the facts about how the health of your mouth, teeth and gums may affect your general health.
1:24 easy run (c. 7.5 mi.)
The day after Coldeale I headed to Leamington with Zoe for her final tune up before the London Marathon. Chris Penny had suggested racing the week before as a confidence boost and to get into the midset of running through a big crowd (he should know about preparation for marathons having done 2:17 in his prime) and when Zoe and I talked it over we thought it might be a good idea.
Okay, time to get off my soapbox and get back to my daily life.
Anita
It was a grand time and as I said, I do believe God heard us and will answer.
Look UP and feel the warming sun!
Sorry, I'm rambling on and on but I've had all this stress for the last two days and my main way to process is by writing my thoughts down. So I've been going a little nuts feeling so disconnected.
But his father was a junky, mum's a gambler - Mickey was bred to steal
Historical notes:
Side Characters
Then a cocktail,
i'm one proud utah girl!
If you go to the home page, you’ll see a word and four definitions; pick one, and if you chose correctly, Free Rice donates “10 grains” of rice to the World Food Programme, the UN’s food assistance branch. (I imagine they do it by average weight, of course, rather than counting out 10 exactly for each of your words.) If you get a couple right, you rise a level, and 10 more grains are donated for each correct response. Repeat, repeat, repeat!
He turned back, drew close and looked into her eyes, his foul breath crawled across her face.
But a trace of sadness I sense,
For gratitude, as in many things in life, look for the small stuff. What she recommends is finding 5 things every day that you are grateful for and writing them down. You can also do this in your head, but I recommend having a gratitude journal for at least for a little while.
but he suppressed the need to
Āhuka is Ugrasena, whose “son” was wicked Kaṁsa. Kaṁsa’s true father was a demon who violated Ugrasena’s wife. Thus there was no question of Āhuka being “happy.” Yudhiṣṭhira merely asks if he is still living. Hṛdīka was the grandfather of Kṛṣṇa’s father, Vasudeva. The list of persons headed by Śatrujit are very close associates of Kṛṣṇa who help significantly in administering and protecting the city. Rāma refers to Bālarāma, Kṛṣṇa’s elder brother.
This is the only ramen I order at Ippudo and it never fails to hit the spot. We also always, ALWAYS order a side of gyoza to go along and that, my friends, is my idea of a belly happy meal.
The shift starts at 10:30pm. I probably won’t be able to get started until after midnight, when Thursday technically becomes Friday. With the hybrid schedule, I am supposed to work out seven days a week. The way it’s set up, I will technically be doing “day 6″ on “day 7,” but I don’t mind because I am NOT going to work out seven days a week anyway. Why? BECAUSE DAY 7 IS ALWAYS SUPPOSED TO BE YOGA X!!! That is just WAY too long of a workout to somehow cram in when I have to nap, get my kids, AND go to my second overnight shift on Friday night.
** For a spicier flavor, use Zesty Jalapeno Diced Tomatoes, add Jalapenos to the veggie mixture, or add Tabasco.
This is a cropped detail of a drawing that I believe has been on here before, long time ago. I recently posted it elsewhere and it was noticed by someone from a stoner-metal band out of Portland OR, who is 99% sure he wants to use it as their next album cover. The whole drawing, not just this little detail. I thought this version would look cool against the black background here.
This book, Clare's suggestion, is the story of two brothers, Homer and Langley Collyer, sons of a bourgeois doctor - one of whom, Homer, is blind; the other, Langley, suffering shell shock - and who, after their parents' death in 1918, hole themselves up in their upper Fifth Avenue brownstone, stuffing it with junk that Langley compulsively amasses, while the greater part of the twentienth century washes up against their doors.
This was considered by the Council’s Senior Planner (Consents) on 3 April 2012.
“Nope. 2.72kg.”
Here's where the bribe comes in. If you register and vote for Leslie, (Leave me a comment telling me you did.) I'll send you a free ebook. (Blue Eyes and Other Teenage Hazards or Playing the Field--although if you live near me or will see me at a conference soon, I have a variety of paperbacks you can choose from too.) If you also vote for Leslie for the next four days (You can vote once ever 24 hours--and once you're registered, it only takes a few seconds each day.) I'll promise to send you my next ebook free too. (It will be a rewrite of either Masquerade or Dakota's Revenge, whichever I get to first.)
The day I went to meet a man with chickens
A few of my friends (including one of my best guy friends) have gone through some difficult breakups recently, and the thing consistently astounds me is how unwilling some of their other friends were to let them have their moment of misery. Most of them jumped right into some awful variant of the “more fish in the sea” line, when what they needed wasn’t advice — everyone knows, empirically, that breaking up with someone very rarely means that you will never date or love again — they needed someone to buy them a beer or a coffee and just let them work through how awful it is to lose someone you care about. Later, in a different season, there is a time for encouragement toward joy and the reminder that there is a difference between acknowledging grief and wallowing in it, but in the heat of the recent wound, all that person needs from you as a friend is just a place where they can feel safe and vulnerable to react how they need to react.
The song "Arizona" recorded under the CBS label in 1970 was a big hit single and went gold on US Billboard 100s.
He also criticised the elected representatives in the area for ignoring the plight of the farmers, especially the Iban in the area.
The first shading color I add is R81. I color almost the entire petal leaving just the edge with the R0000 showing. You can see the subtle shading here. Don't forget to chose your light direction. I chose to have my light source coming from the front, therefore highlights will hit the centers and top edges of the petals.
Attached are a couple of pictures from the Texas Freethought Convention. I attended the convention but didn’t take either of these pics. They were taken by a member of our local Houston Atheist Meetup group, the largest such group in the country. When Hitchens came into the dining room where we were all seated, it moved many of us to tears, including me. He looked frail and walked slowly, but when it came time for him to speak, it was clear that his mental faculties were still razor sharp. Mason Crumpacker was really something, as you have pointed out already.
Pennard Castle
Note: I slept in Steph's room until the spider was killed and removed from the house.
2559 N. Downer Ave.
Before we get to the cards, sadly we have to say goodbye to our lovely GDT girlies Marika and Louise who have been with us for the last 4 weeks. Thank you so much for being part of our team and for sharing your beautiful work with us xxx
Ziggy
All my baby Tatsoi seeds. These again, I direct seeded and they are doing well. The ones I planted indoors were a total write-off again. I think that nature is trying to tell me something!
anticipation as the Ecstasy starts to come on strong. Perhaps
In Don't Blame It On Me, the superficial trappings of genre cross-pollination are obvious - the Pistols' Submission re-routed through Marshall stacks. But if there's one characteristic that exemplifies the no-man's-land between punk and hard rock, it's the drumming. (If the mechanics of punk drumming make your eyes glaze over, you might want to skip ahead). Inherited from the likes of Slade, the four-on-the-floor drumbeat - in which every beat in the bar is accented by the kick drum - became a staple of Oz hard rock (check in here at around 1:55, or here at 4:13, or here whenever you damn please). At this tempo, it's usually accompanied by eighth-notes on the hi-hat - that's two hi-hat hits for each thump of the kick drum - propelling the song and, when played slightly behind the beat, making it "swing". Not here. Invader's four-on-the-floor lumbers instead of swings, delivering the sort of heavy-handed quarter-notes reserved by punk drummers for tempos of twice this speed and beyond. Ordinarily, a rhythm stripped of feel and pace is a bit like a gluten-free vegetarian pizza - what's the point? - but here it's perfect. Hey, true art ain't always pretty.
his Byzantine imagery. In 1904,
Nuts and cranberries
Equity Balance @ 12/31/2010: $3,290.72
Then he closed his mind to me and left me in the Pool with those who did not ask my questions.
In a telling paraphrase of Bill Clinton’s campaign team slogan, he added: “It’s not just the economy, stupid. The task is to combine the preparation of a nation for economic change with the re -establishment of social order” – an immense task where the moral challenge would be as great as the economic one.
Chicken Fingers from Raising Canes. They are SO good. How have I missed out on these for so long?
A perfect circle was carved out of the glass.
She followed the snaking line of children pushing and laughing happy to be out of the classroom for even the few minutes that the emergency drill would take. Gladys looked up in the sky and noticed that it wasn’t the normal clear blue, nor was it even the gloomy grey that sometimes takes over the sunshine in September. It was instead a menacing green. The clouds churned overhead like a bubbling pot of stew. The air had a tinge of cold and the wind had started whirling and whipping.
For my main course, I tryed the NY Times recipe for Roasted Squash w/ Sage Cornbread Stuffing and Vegetable Ragout. I used seitan rather than tempeh, because seitan is more turkey-esque to me. The cornbread stuffing, studded with sage and roasted chesnuts, was very sweet and crunchy, while the stew-like ragout on top was filled with savory leeks, parsnips, carrots, seitan and shrooms. Next time I would have added a little soy sauce or tamari to add a bit more salt to the ragout. It was pretty much perfect though, and definitely centerpiece-worthy.
So where does that leave me?
Not a day goes by when we don’t reflect on the enormous contributions of our volunteers, but during National Volunteer Week, we give special thanks to those who so selflessly give their time, talent and energy in support of our mission.
3) People tell them its cool
- Kyle Huebbe of Crown Heights won the Brooklyn Paper's 1st Annual Burger Bash contest in true Brooklyn style, keeping things simple and old-school with a "80-percent ground beef, 20-percent fat patty, seasoned with Kosher salt and pepper and cooked perfectly in a cast-iron pan, topped with a garden tomato (not store-bought!), cheddar and a horseradish sauce, and piled onto a Portuguese muffin." Said the judges: "Its simplicity was its elegance." As the victor, Mr. Huebbe will get to return to the grill for the New York Food and Wine Festival in DUMBO this fall. Well done, sir, well done indeed.
Misra DP, Strobino DM, Stashinko EE, Nagey DA, Nanda J of Narda S. Effects of physical activity on preterm birth. Am J Epidemiol 1998; 147: 628-635.
Never, not once did I think Natalie took what we said to heart.
Less is more! So we would like to see lots of white space on your work this week please!
Well, I am pleased to announce that we are putting these hops on a pedestal again with Samuel Adams Hallertau Imperial Pilsner. This one-of-a-kind brew uses enormous, almost reckless, quantities of Noble Hallertau Mittelfrueh hops from the Bavarian region in Germany, 12 pounds per barrel to be exact, which give the beer an unmatched flavor dimension and complexity. To put that in perspective, a barrel of Samuel Adams Boston Lager contains about 1 pound of hops and ordinary beers contain about an ounce and a half. So that's about a hundred times the hops of an ordinary beer!
*”Baked beans and the Rolling Stones. A client’s idea if I ever heard one.”
After Devil’s Beard was The cliffhanger, which was a very steep yet short hill that was completely and totally smooth and slick mud. Nothing to grab, no holes, no rocks… nothing. The most common strategy was just to form a massive human chain with everyone around you, took some serious work but was definitely a fun obstacle.
This album is chock full of reworked hits and some new songs. Most notable is “new breed of Godz.” This killer track sounds like a freight train smashing right out of the 80’s and into the modern world. I would argue that these guys made a decision to recreate that sound rather than jump on the digital bandwagon of the age.
State: Hungry, eating spaghetti
Have been identified many substances inhibiting cancer. These substances, which belong to twenty different classes of organic compounds, have the potential ability to prevent various cancers.
C.S. Lewis once asked what we would think of a culture that constructed an elaborate eating ritual in which the food was slowly, tantalizingly revealed so as to maximize the viewer’s hunger and desire. Some would surely insist it was proof that we were enjoying food to the greatest possible degree. But Lewis countered, couldn’t it also be seen as proof that food as food had lost its ability to satisfy?
I'm not sure what changed my mind with these. Part of it was that I was wanting a pair of straight-legs with a more interesting wash than my Joe's jeans, and part of it was that I just really liked the cut of these. And get this: while the model looked pretty good in the photos, and I could tell there was no posterior flattening action going on, I figured these jeans would actually look better on me because my butt is rounder than hers. And I was right! Take that, twiggy!
He continued playing in the minors for another eight seasons, going through the Royals, Padres, Cubs and Cardinals systems before he was done. He even played in Korea in 1997 and played independent ball.
Twelve (12) Lady Rawhide pages (7 by Mayhew, 5 by Maroto).
Different ideas. I’d like to dress up as each of my friends and take their portrait, a portrait of me, an homage. Maybe I’ll do it but I wonder if it’s worth it.
What are the current technological trends in the Indian chemicals and waterproofing industry?
I want one as a peg holder thingie. I know. I love them.
Pure Maple Syrup has many health benefits. Pure maple syrup has manganese, which disarms free radicals. Pure maple syrup is good for your heart (thanks to the zinc), and it is good for the immune system (also due to zinc and the manganese).
10. Optional Closing Prayer
Kate and I have been debating and debating... read-a-thon or review-a-thon? After much discussion, we decided: why can't we have our cake and eat it too? I mean we both need to work on something: reading and reviewing or one versus the other. And what a better time than now to do it!
by all means, no problem whatsoever !
Father says “Have you thought of a name?”
The door on the left is a coat closet. The door on the right leads to our craft room. Rather than leave the walls bare, I decided to create a little nook to play in.
Here are some of the pictures from the pool. I have a few more I need to get off my phone. They will come, eventually!
I've chosen for Sunny
Each time a class opens, we send out an e-mail to that region. If you have not been getting the new class e-mails, please register with Nancy, nancy@copicmarker.com
Eat a diseased rat?
Writers : Elizabeth Davis
Some cultures even claim that our Hollywood is so advanced that we can fake war atrocities to gather evidence for war. So, surely a fake Travolta is quite plausible. After all, there was a period of many years when he disappeared entirely from public view, and then, thanks to Quentin Tarantino, he became relevant again.
I imagine what it’d be like to have him, in our lives now, sober. I don’t know why, I don’t like to imagine things to be the way they’re really not. But sometimes I’m sentimental, or just desperate for a daddy to take all the hurt away with a hush. I fell in love once, and the man broke my heart after nine years. We have a daughter together. He continues to hurt me, and yet in it I also hurt myself by the feelings of rejection and abandonment again. But I sometimes pretend I had a dad now that would tell me how great and beautiful I was, and that I deserved to be treated with only love and respect. I pretend now that he tells me that, so that I can believe it myself. I believe I have a dad out there, who could guide me into love, and assure me that it’s there, that it exists, and that when you’re really loved, those that love you never, ever back out. Because love is stronger than that. That’s what he teaches me, now that he’s gone, leaning back into the alysum, pink and white petals falling, reflecting in his eyes, so quiet you can hear them softly caress his cheeks and his shoulders. He is smiling, his eyes are clear. He is with us, we are in the petals, kissing him.
A little more inspiration: Windsor Smith's stairwell as seen in domino, August 2007. She began with one very large central piece, adding smaller photographs to the mix, and she opted to unify her grouping with all white frames.
Mile 12: YES! Nearly done.
I'll tell you one thing...my rut started with my running out of foundation. And then I never refilled it because I wanted to try some others. I found one, but I'm not too pleased with it and I just have been too lazy to get around to it. It hasn't been high on my priority list. It's a shame when the DH starts mentioning how I don't wear makeup anymore. I did wear a nice natural look when we went out bowling the other weekend but nothing day to day as I used to.
That's all for the politics, folks. We now return you to regularly-scheduled Florida wildlife-watching.
NASDAQ OMX Group Inc 539,840 10,570,067
January 31st is Sarah's grandparents' wedding anniversary. They thought it'd be a nice tribute to have the same wedding day since they are still married after more than fifty years. They wanted to keep things relatively low key, so they only invited a selected group of close friends.
You say they came and they took all we had possessed
Now, every year in February, a few hundred people gather at Amajuba mountain to celebrate the battle. This year the Dundee Die Hards, South Africa’s only permanent battle reenactment team staged a battle with Boer troops, made up with commando members from Lydenburg and Pretoria.
This morning, the Irish Government has quite rightly said, more or less, “Right – we’ve done our bit, we’ve taken the pain, and we haven’t given up. Now we think the rich countries we’ve saved should fork out.” Excellent: we should get behind the Irish, because they alone are showing some intelligent bottle – and they alone have made a genuine effort. If I were Nigel Farage, I’d be on the first flight out to Dublin this afternoon with a wind-up mechanism.
Of course it is the internet discussions (to use the term loosely) and controversy that is the best advertising possible for the up-coming series. Another slap across Moore's face is publicity you can't buy that was surely worth hundreds of thousands, if not a million or more, in ad dollars that DC did not have to shell out. The controversy over Before Watchmen is the best advertising. DC knew the fans would have strong opinions about Before Watchmen and was fully prepared to get through all the bad press. Even the renewed spotlight focused on the history between DC and Moore, in the deal given the creators where the rights would revert away from the company after the books went out of print that was not honored (so far) is just a blip on their concern-radar. Comic fans are used to exposure of the creatively shady practices of big business comics. People still purchase Batman even with the knowledge that for decades creators were "shafted" by today's standards. DC is undoubtedly monitoring the chatter and isn't that concerned.
The meat chickens are also elevated and in a bin that floats if necessary (that is what we did with them last year, too. We just floated them up to the house)
Well, thank goodness Richard Branson has a son. There would be no title of Duchess for Pippa but a private island in the Caribbean? Sounds like a dream come true. And there would be Hollywood A-listers scrambling for an invitation...
Place on greased baking sheet and bake at 375 for 25 minutes.
Fingerbob.
I almost posted a picture of that first attempt here, but got kind of embarrassed, both about how it looked and how much it impressed me last year. I've learned a lot since then. Here's one of this year's nativities:
I’ve always wanted to write and I kept pages and pages of story-filled notebooks as a kid. Somewhere along the way I got the impression that being an author was not a good goal to shoot for and I put the idea aside. When I became pregnant with my fifth (and last) child, I felt the pen calling to me again and started the juices flowing.
If you have accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord and Savior what are you going to do with this information? It appears as a great salvation plan and you are thinking it should have been preached to the unsaved. That is true and I hope one day that I will have the privilege of preaching this to the lost.
He broke his leg on a Sunday, by Tuesday we’re breathing pretty easy working out all of the strange kinks that come with having a child broken. I began banging away on the computer to try to catch up on some writing, when BAM ! Here come my oldest son running into my room, screaming hysterically saying” Mom I cut my hand really bad!” Huge lump in my throat, need to breathe but just go into first aid Mom mode! I drag my son to the sink as his hand is bleeding profusely and I plunge his hand under the faucet to rinse off the blood so as to see if I honestly could see how bad it was cut. The blood kept coming and by this time he is nervously shaking all over and I am trying to console him, but at the same time asking the Lord, what in the world was I going to do as I have one son in a full leg cast and another bleeding! Do I call an ambulance or try to drag him myself to the hospital for stitches, when the most profound thing came flying out of my sons mouth! “Lord, help me please!”
And to finish a picture below of me in some of my new clothes, its not the best shot of me no idea what my hair is going but the clothes look good! It was taken at a launch I went to in London last week for a fabulous kids project I am looking after called The Land of Sometimes.
prior delivery of a baby via cesarean section
The surgeon we went to, Dr. Elizabeth Coryllos, explained that she would do the frenotomy in the office and she would numb him under his tongue. I began to cry. She assured me it would not be painful to him and he would be able to nurse right away. I told her that was not why I was crying. I explained to her I was upset that I was not able to solve this on my own, that as a professional and as a mom I felt like a failure. Then she gave me the best advice I have ever heard as a mom. She said even if I was the best race car driver in the world and I had the best car ever built I could not win the race if a tree fell across the track. Someone would have to remove the barrier so my car and I could continue on our journey. It was not my fault that nursing was not going well. I had the best baby in the world and I was the best mom for him; we just needed to remove the barrier to continue on our journey.In an AAP newsletter on breastfeeding, the article Congenital Tongue-Tie and its Impact on Breastfeeding (PDF) explains the four types of tongue tie and how they can affect breastfeeding.
Across the clouds I see my shadow fly
“Go ahead, I’m listening,” I said when in fact I was, but only minimally as I could not take my eyes off those behind the raven mask.
I won't get in to all the drama but the botton line is, people make choices that we don't necessarily like. There is nothing we can do about it. We can try, we can wish it to be different and we can cry but it is what it is. And that brings me to a favorite quote I saw somewhere.
Fortunately, there are many programs that offer registry clean up free. There are many more that offer a free trial so that you can try the program and see if you like it. These free trials usually won’t actually clean your registry. But they will scan it and let you know how many errors and files that can be removed are clogging up your system and slowing it down.
Sometimes (okay, OFTEN) I get tired of pointing this out: That just because you can say, “Adam Walsh!” or “Jaycee Dugard!” that doesn’t mean that there are MORE children being abducted today than ever before. It’s just easier to NAME them, because we see them so much on TV. Those images get filed away in our heads and when we ask our brains, Google-like, “Is it safe for me to ever let go of my child’s hand?” up pop the most popular stories about that topic, not necessarily the most salient or helpful ones.
There are millions and millions of the pope's Jesuits. They are everywhere.
In August, Marin Academy will launch a new website that goes beyond a “new coat of paint” and instead is more akin to a new ecosystem: students will be able to manage all parts of their school life (courses, clubs, sports teams, contact information, etc.) through one password-protected place: My MA. Teachers will be able to utilize the website to post homework and additional learning materials, supplement class time with videos, and engage students in an online message board—another great option for introverts who like to collect their thoughts ahead of time. Our new website is one of several tools that we will use to enhance teaching and learning and to improve families’ experiences at MA. I look forward to writing more about the project this summer.
So I went to my office the following day, filled with absolute certainty that by the time I got home I would find it. That didn’t happen either. Rats!
When you walk down the street, it’s not like we’re asking to get in trouble. When we hang out at the pool, at a restaurant, outside Tesco’s , at a park, etc., we’re just trying to have a good time. We don’t mean to interfere with anyone else. We’re minding our own business, just like you’re minding yours. Why do people need to assume that we’re all up to no good, if we’re doing nothing wrong? While it’s true that some teenagers go out of their way to do the wrong thing, they’re the exception. Most teenagers just aren’t like that. However what the “businesses” seem to forget is that we are more than likely their biggest consumer? So if you remove all the teenagers from the City they will also be removing their business.
It's that time of year again! Time to look at what I've got, figure out what I still need to get, and get organized. I know what works for me - breaking everything into weekly "chunks" and organizing by the week. I know what I have to do. I even have the house to myself for a few hours each day (Grandpa generously paid for sailing camp for the four girls so they will be there four days a week for the next two weeks).
Despite this they continued with the policy of free entry for immigrants but gave no practical support to local councils and voluntary organizations. Throughout the 50.s many delegations from local councils of areas effected went to 10, Downing Street, to ask for practical help and funds. On the 21st of November 1952 the Town Clerk of Brixton asked for regulation of immigration because they could hardly cope and MP Marcus Lipton led several delegations to appeal to Downing Street as did several local councils. The programme of slum clearance was held back.
Please don’t scrutinize me.
Diamond Studs
I'd been spiritually dead for quite a while, so when the Hindu goddess, Saraswati came to me one night I couldn't have been more surprised. I am not Hindu, nor do I know any people who are Hindu, but as sure as I am breathing, I am sure the form chosen by The Divine that night was the Goddess Saraswati.
Whether the revenue from Poly's air rights would support the engineering school remains unclear. Should it do so, the deal looks better for Poly. If not, the larger school, which has faced little internal controversy over the consolidation decision, may have achieved an ever better deal. But the consolidation is about more than revenue, so, assuming it goes forward, it may take years to assess the true value of the deal.
Is it just me? Am I really such a monumental brute for being briefly tickled by radio broadcaster George Hook’s wordplay in a recent address to a rugby club?
even though my father made the frame.
I want to believe in the power of smiles, hugs,
Heat a skillet on medium heat and coat with cooking spray. Drop your pancakes into you pan and wait until you see bubbles start to form and then flip. Time will vary depending on how hot you pan is.
Anyway, it only lasted about a minute, but I got this profound sense that "she" (i.e. I) was worth taking care of -- because those hands were so damn endearing. It was like I got to get a glimpse of myself from an outside perspective, for just a fleeting moment, and had this impulse to be more nurturing, to take better care of that girl with the hands.
They even checked out who will be performing, with such artist as....
Everything is fleeting and passing. We choose to make a large wall of sound before our own inevitable death."
Do you blush when writing the steamy scenes?
"And Starfleet Captains are not?" I reply.
Without Limits (Robert Towne & Kenny Moore)
music: it's all make believe, really."
Someone had driven past and saw all this and directly went to the store to warn Mom what was going on.
The Surfrider Foundation is working with the Surf Coast Shire and the Great Ocean Road Coast Committee to support the ban.
Last year I really got into making jams and the Soup kitchen saw strawberry, bramble and port, spiced plum and bilberry jams, and an assortment of jellies (crab apple and chilli is my favourite). I made the strawberry jam using a very similar recipe to the bramble and port jelly - (just without the port!). The strawberry vodka was made by soaking strawberries in a bottle of vodka with a cup of sugar. After about a month, the vodka was drained off the strawberries and passed through a filter into a clean bottle.
The past month Kitty's started to sleep on the floor of the basement when I am down there crafting sometimes. I think I need to make her a bed out of the way, see if I can convince her that is her spot when I am down there otherwise I will end up tripping over her ! The photo above shows one of her preferred spots right now, snuggled up next to my stamp storage dresser - right in my walking path.
Gorgeous George
After the Louisiana death figures were released, the mainstream media suppressed the story of the issue of the proportion of whites who met their end in New Orleans, and suppressed reporting on pre-Katrina criminality, while uncritically reporting scurrilous black charges of anti-black genocide.
Now for this week's challenge, it's Girls and Diecuts, so that means we'd like to see more than one girl on your card and using your favorite diecuts. Team A has come up with some fabulous inspiration for you all.........so please check them out and then start crafting.
Nothing, asshole. But seriously, my pregnancy was perfect. No complications. No issues. No diabetes. No blood pressure...well, I had normal blood pressure. I went to all prenatal appointments. I didn't drink. I didn't do drugs. I didn't fall. I didn't get injured. I didn't do anything. Testing on me after he died showed nothing abnormal, I was healthy as a horse with no issues. He just died. And sadly, that happens. It happens alot more than you think. How much? Try one in EVERY 160 pregnancies. Seriously. Any death at 20 weeks or after is considered a stillbirth. Or as the medical professionals call it "fetal demise." And I had none of the "risk factors" of stillbirth. It can happen to anyone. How do I know? Because it happened to me & I never thought it would.
The song of the wind and the willow was sung;
Pedal-powered and solar stage: live entertainment throughout the day with local bands
The girls started high school this year, and are attending their first co-ops. Homeschool co-op is the best thing ever in the universe. Imagine, if you will, just happening to walk by when some hairy-legged junior boy is walking up to try and charm your freshman girl. Imagine. Making friends with his mom. (cue evil laugh)
If attending yoga classes can be so beneficial, it follows that by bringing some yoga practices and attitudes to the workplace we can avoid some of the negative effects of workplace stress and a sedentary lifestyle in the first place.
Today I finally got a day to relax. I have had such a long week, early school mornings and late working nights. I enjoyed my day off with Mr.curious...I had such a busy week that I barely got to spend any time with him...but today made up for it :). We just relaxed, talked, and enjoyed eachothers company - he is the best !!
Who is “My servant”?
After which, she goes back to sleep with 100% accuracy.
Atheists and freethinkers ended up being burned at the stake for the next thousand years or so after Rome became a totalitarian theocracy and science, art, technology and medicine utterly collapsed until the High Middle Ages and the Renaissance, when the old gods of Europe awoke from their slumber once again.
I think she was happy with us, I believe she had a good long life, although I would have liked it to be a lot longer. Amalia was put down due to a heart disease, that was slowly growing worse and making fluid gather in her body.
Lots of exciting outcomes. Marco Rubio is a new Senator and an impressive one. The execrable Alan Grayson is history. The Republican takeover of the House of Representatives is huge, a gain of 60 seats with 11 still to be decided, and a rebuke to Obama, Pelosi and Reid. Five more governors with 4 yet to be decided, and a stunning sweep of state legislatures.
The daily routine started at six with the emptying of toilet chambers, during which prisoners would run down to a big pit under whipping from "commanders" (security guards).
My reply~ "I have four kids. I homeschool. I do life with my kids. I go out in public and I am not afraid of critical minds! I will embrace "my situation" with gladness"!
Stamp: TGF CC Madden
Thousands of African migrant workers have reportedly been detained illegally. According to the BBC, evidence suggests that some of the former rebels “engaged in a violent campaign of abuse and intimidation against the black immigrant community in Tripoli” immediately following Gaddafi’s death.
*During your fussy/sleepy times at night I give you a pacifier, cradle you, and bounce you till you calm down.
Just a little reminder of the well-known fact that Dogs have owners and Cats have staff.
It is kind of a funny feeling knowing that the whole country can stay informed of our circumstances via the news but we don’t know what’s going on because our electricity, television, and internet is out of service. I found one little pocket where my 3g will work which is how I am writing this now.
4.) Separate ladyfingers horizontally in half. Mix espresso and rum. Drizzle ladyfingers with espresso mixture.
﻿Team 2
2 loss
As I am still waiting on a parcel of track to arrive from the UK, work on the helix has come to a standstill. In the meantime, I have been continuing on with some benchwork on the peninsula. As the spline has been approaching the teardrop on the peninsula, the height of the risers has been getting quite high, which I found was resulting in a slightly unstable roadbed foundation, so I decided to build a second layer of joists to strengthen up the construction which in turn will shorten the risers.
In One Hundred Years of Solitude, Gabriel García Márquez commuted Third World consciousness into a literary revolution called “magical realism,” defined by the writer himself as a form that “destroys the lines of demarcation that separate what seems real from what seems fantastic.” García Márquez uses figurative and “irrealist” techniques to retell the turbulent history of Latin America. He also employs absurdist humour to protest all kinds of oppression from bourgeois morality to Roman Catholic orthodoxy to US neocolonialism.
“My advice when shopping would be to think when you shop- where it comes from, how it got here, how much packaging does it have, what was used to produce it, and say ‘no’ to plastic bags”
almost exclusively print-based. Therefore, the license would not be
Bottom line: Just because I want to get married does not mean I should settle or give up on my dreams.
But I'm glad I didn't. The spicy pork quesadilla I had with this beer made it a little difficult to fully gather in all Kaleidoscope's flavors, but there were plenty of roasty flavors from the dark malts, a light spiciness that seemed like anise and some subtle aromatic quality I couldn't put my finger on, and a noticeable but well balanced grassy and earthy hop finish. It was one of the most unique, indescribable and most importantly, tasty brews I've ever had. And only 5% abv, it was arguably sessionable.
When I used to think of the acronym POA, I always associated it with "piece of ass", which is what I've affectionately called Scott for years. Now when I here the acronym, I think "uggghhhh!!!..."
Black Polo - Next
I had no idea that peanut butter removes that sticky gunk off of glass jars. Maybe I’m the last to know. If not, then try it!
I need to get out more.
I'm not at all ready for winter and am quite enjoying the warmer October weather we've had this week. However, I did finally get my KAndrew Winter Wishes stamps recently. They had a little adventure. Short story even shorter, they spent some time in the ditch across the street from my mailbox. The mailman thinks that the door was blown open and they flew out and spend some rainy cold days in the ditch. Luckily the field had already been harvested and the stamps were well packaged. They were completely undamaged and in perfect condition.
Soon he could be running the country's state security apparatus.
The use of those hexagon rosettes appliqued to the background is very British although we also see some examples in American quilts.
You can sew together any motif that fits closely to the next . The effect you get when sewing together motifs is much more solid than the Join as you go method.
Well, it seems another January has come and gone. If the mountains of snow all around us are any indication, I really picked a good month to be closed this year. It's been a great month of travel, leisure, family, fun, and frolic. Dont' worry, I've been home for the past week, so I got a good taste of the weather you enjoyed all month.
There was a time some years ago when I wanted to lose weight. I was finally mentally ready to do so after resisting for quite a while – and as the weight came off, I became a lighter person both physically and psychologically. The process of shedding the pounds was also a process of shedding things which for so long I’d thought I needed to be whole, but which I found had actually become burdensome, preventing me from taking the lighter, but stronger, stand in the world. By me during that weight-loss journey and ultimate emergence, were many friends, of whom a vast number were authors and illustrators. Conversations during that time were fascinating and inspiring, as talks about losing weight seemed to merge naturally with talks about getting rid of excess in our lives and in our writing and artwork. We were one in the appreciation of the struggles, the lows, the highs, and ultimately, the fine results of relieving a person, a painting, a story from heavy obstacles that might inhibit them from reaching their full potential.
A critical look of Al Gore by Stevens, which is of great interest for the current campaign.
4. Once you finish reciting raise your hands up to the ears, saying “Allahu Akbar.” Bow (your hands on your knees, back straight, your face toward the ground, saying three times, “Subhana rabbiyal adheem” (Glory be to my Lord Almighty). This position is called (ruku’).
g = 392 = chord 5 seven
But unschooling? Unschooling is entirely based on intrinsic motivation.
The longest book content wise was Catcher in the Rye by J. D. Salinger. I do feel like I’m going to offend a lot of people but this is on my list of books i really dislike! Although its not a very long book, it felt like it while i was reading it!
Of course, education should not be the only way for us to develop our thoughts. Insight can be nurtured from reading, thinking, communicating, and writing.
Que Sera, Sera - Dave Alvin And The Guilty Women (Doris Day W’56)
Let it sit in the oven for about 45 minutes to 1 hour (depending on size of potato). Check it periodically by sticking a knife in the potato; if it goes all the way to the center with ease, then your sweet potato is done!
Seven Minutes to static fire. It will be a two second run up to full power and then the engines will shut down.
2. WWE DIVAS CHAMPIONSHIP: Nikki Bella (Champion) vs. ”The Glamazon” Beth Phoenix (Challenger/Former Champion).
I had a brilliant day and it gave me a real confidence boost! So I wanted to write this post to say a big thanks to Bev.
This is my classic example of what man brewers do wrong when making a pale ale, they have the wrong flavor profile when brewing and it comes out tasting kinda soapy. Not that I spent a good portion of my childhood with a bar of soap in my mouth being punished for swearing (which I was, just no soap), or that I have licked a bar or soap or two in the past... but it just doesn't have the most appealing taste. Its not bad by any means, but if you are going to stop after one glass, before your drunk, you are probably not going to care for this beer too much in the long run.
I enjoyed all the threesomes last night (wait, that sounds bad). Well, what did they call them? Dance trios or something. Anyway, Driver's three-way jive was truly "fun, fun, fun," as judge Len put it. Now give the man a 10 already, would you?
Clark: "Good idea"
This may be due to the fact that with the advancement of technology, immediate viewing of past seasons of shows is available. This makes the cliff hangers and hooks not nearly as effective due to the fact that you can just simply hit next to see what happens next instead of waiting anywhere from a week to a full year for the season to resume. Technology such as netflix and hulu have definitely curbed the excitement of previously aired shows that are now available without the designated delays. This could be the source of my frustration and if that is the case then maybe I should implement another show into my cue so that I can actually enjoy Prison Break. However, I am still curious if I would be this frustrated if I was viewing the show at the time it was being aired.
Maybe you say something like, this person's books are my favourite. Or, this person's stories are the ones I've re-read the most often and enjoyed a huge amount every time. Maybe you say that reading this person's books changed you as a writer, that they made you realise what can be done with the short form and that, actually, you CAN write the stories you wanted to write in the way you wanted to write them.
Leave them in the water for about 10 - 15 minutes, then take out, and gently press between your hands to drain out some of the water. Place in a serving dish.
I turned 16 and my sister and her boyfriend couldn't lock me up in my room anymore, I had the right to choose where I wanted to be, and I chose Don.
We all tried so hard to lift each other’s spirits that year, despite the fact that our family, home, and relationships felt like they were constantly shifting. We knew Mama was dying, but not yet. Everything was strange and new. I recall how we stumbled and found our way again, over and over; how we juggled joy and danced sorrow and laughed and wept…how precious people are when the world feels like it’s ending and they say yes to love, anyway. Constant reawakening to need, and loss, and ways to demonstrate and experience love.
I am still in Cairo, busy and dedicated to studying. My life here is very quiet and only filled with studying and researching. I don’t have any social relationships except with my school colleagues. We meet twice a week at the campus. I might go one more day to the University to spend sometime in the Library…
Saudi Arabia. Wahhabists had trained activists to spread extreme interpretations of Islam within Ethiopia, and other forces, like AIAI, were also contributing to the problem. Meles said he was still optimistic that moderate Ethiopian Muslims could contain the spread of extremism and noted that one of the most modern interpretations of Islam had emerged in Lebanon through Ethiopian immigrants. The GOE had asked some to return to Ethiopia to promote moderation and tolerance. Sen. Feingold commented that the USG faced the same challenge of reaching out to moderate Muslims around the world.
so it can be used as a gift bag.
Most of the time, though, my Mom and Dad walked with me the several blocks to the drug store to see what new comic books or science fiction magazines were out. Sometimes if I looked carefully at the rack of paperback books (for 50 cents) there would be – shudder – a horror paperback with Alfred Hitchcock’s or Boris Karloff’s picture on it.
Here’s what we’re going to do.
I haven't written any posts since then and wasn't trying to exclude anyone.
Sales and Marketing:
thing by everyone you come into contact with will help towards raising your
i’m trying, with every fiber of my being, to steer myself toward the light.
Quite how Mrs Steerforth failed to follow her own advice is a mystery, but she was one of many people who have fallen victim to our neighbours' generosity with alcohol. She has no memory of jumping up and down to 'Born Slippy' or trying to read a bedtime story to our sons at 12.30am before sliding down the stairs.
We had a little bit of food that Amy brought up stairs when she secured the house, she says that it was just reactive, she noticed things going on outside and just covered windows and grabbed the essentials and then worried about keeping the kids quiet. But she told me last night of all the little odds and ends that we needed. Baby supplies and some more food, but almost anything would be worth getting upstairs to help our situation. So I needed to go downstairs and get what I could.
Lyla is in school for a few days a week which allows me to work but on our days together we keep ourselves very busy. On most days you'll find us at our neighborhood zoo or riding the carousel. Yesterday we happened to ride it 5 times. Yes, you read that right and she wanted to keep going. To her dismay, we (I) had to take breaks in between each ride. This carousel is super fast, or maybe it's just me getting old. But 5 rides was enough to cover me for at least a week.
Feeling chatty? Get your chat on about the sketch challenge in this forum. CLICKING HERE. Have questions? Have comments? Have suggestions? We’d love to chat about it. Drop by and say hello!
There are about 170 references to “models” scattered throughout the 40 page document and Fraser points out that readers may get the impression when it comes to the “biopsychosocial model” that a rigorous and scientific approach has been taken, yet it may be argued that there is no coherent theory whatsoever behind that “model”.
The funniest thing is that in the beginning of my Airleaf Victims campaign when I sent my letters to authors about being cheated by Airleaf, at least 80% of them were complaining about Brien Jones and not about Airleaf. He was the salesman who made promises to take their book to fame and fortune as he happily took their money but somehow ignored them after he drained them. In those days, I defended him to the hilt because I didn’t know any better. I believed his lies that he was a victim of Airleaf just like me. But getting back to the point, I didn’t have the list of 3,000 so there was no way for me to contact the other potential victims until recently. At this time, it would serve no purpose to contact authors because Airleaf is closed.
Blessed are the mothers who gave birth to them, and fruitful is their coming into the world.
9. The Young Guard from the North
Copy editor: Lindsay Naylor
(Receiving large gifts of money, where the frequency and amount of the gifts always remains somewhat arbitrary, cannot teach this so effectively. No one can plan based on this type of income--which is why living on commission or tips is so hard--and a child especially will find this bewildering if we are asking them to budget.)
They advance under his whip
have become the symbolic flags around which those most intensely concerned with linguistic purity (whatever that may be) have tacitly agreed to rally. None of these “errors” interferes with clarity and concision; indeed, some of them let us save a word or two.
Zombie fans are going to be greatly disappointed. Ninja fans are going to be even more disappointed. Horror movie fans are going to be asleep before they're even 20 minutes in. Kung-fu fans with find the jumping and repetitive punches and blockings severely unnecessary. So who was this made for, then?
What mattered more to the key voters of Bradford (and didn’t even appear on the radar screens of the “Westminster bubble”) was that Imran Hussein was widely rumoured locally to be a boozer, and thus couldn’t possibly be considered a proper Muslim. While Galloway — teetotaller, two Muslim wives, a political career supporting Muslim causes, and a history of making Islamic declarations of faith — secretly was.
I know that we all want an easy solution to 'where to stay'... me included... but experience has taught me that what you put in in terms of time before your trip will ultimately make all the difference...
Then there was this mirror and it is large...sort of hard to tell here. I had to do everything so fast in those 4 days that I couldn't take the time to get a nice background. But it's a beautiful vintage mirror in perfect shape for $20.
So, what do you say?
Commuting at home is different – there’s a task lying ahead of you (one you might not want to do) and there’s always an underlying source of stress waiting to be tackled. On a holiday, travelling is just that: you’re in between places and free to observe, no pressure. I hate flying, but I enjoy time spend on trains and buses, watching scenery fly (or sometimes, crawl) by, making up stories about fellow passengers, playing DJ with my iPod and conjuring the perfect playlist for the journey, reviewing photos on my camera.
Accordingly, what we expect that person to do or say has been defined.
Then --
For starters Liam had the mussels which were a generous size and came in a rich cream sauce, tasty but not overpowered by garlic like some of these dishes can be.
I don't feel so great when "it's not my problem anymore" runs through my mind. It doesn't stop me from thinking it, though.
Building Length 135’
Check out this card...it's covered in several different colors and textures. Super fun and a great way to use up those scraps that you just can't bring yourself to throw away. :)
After considering several outfits Strawberry and I settled on this sweet top and pants set. It even has instructions for felted shoes. I had plenty of yarn in my stash including one that could be felted so we picked a color that would match the felting yarn and I cast on. Of course I'm still too chicken to try double pointed needles and started the pants on circular needles instead!
for the attainment of the 4 puruSArthAs : dharma, artha, kAma, mOksha,
FACTBOX
So, needless to say, I've been feeling a little blue hence my self-portrait for Week 6.
According to the land-grabbers :
Write, definitely. There’s a Sylvia Plath quote that goes something like, ‘I write because there is a voice in me that will not be still.’ I definitely find that to be true. I’d go mad if I couldn’t at least keep a journal, someplace where I could organize my thoughts and put my world to rights.
My whole world came crashing down and all I could do was sit there and cry aloud uncontrollably. Garett had to take the kids out of the room, and I called my OB. I explained what was happening and she told me it sounds like a miscarriage and that I needed to be seen asap because I'm so far along that it's rare and can cause other complications and they also want to figure why I miscarried. So we made an appointment for 11pm which was a few house from then.
This is the beginning of our story…
Heck, I’ve played the piano since I was seven years old, sang in church for the first time when I was eight, and it became a regular thing shortly after. Playing for the offertory, participating in what they labeled “special music”. Around the age of eleven or so, my piano teacher began teaching me “praise choruses” alongside classical pieces. (Tchaikovsky was my favorite).
Here's the deal
My hope for the next week is to work on my blog and put in some info about me and pictures of my other creations. I want to learn how to put links on my side bar and some other stuff like that. If you have any suggestions, feel free to drop me a line. Hears to having a really good productive week.
She is ONE SPECIAL LADY! She's just as cute as a button and as sweet as can be! I want to go back to London.
To settle the after-dinner crowd, Liesl began a warm and rippling etude by Moszkowski. Later, like the times she had driven for miles in deep thought and couldn’t remember anything about the route she’d taken, she realized she’d finished the etude without inhabiting it─a transgression for any concert pianist.No more of this! she scolded herself.
3 oz creamy blue cheese, crumbled (I used St. Angus available at Whole Foods)
"THAT'S INTERESTING, DEAR."
Joe Ely @ 3rd & Lindsley * presented by the City of Austin
That a man and a woman might learn how to give, and in giving know the "act of sharing" or "holding in common"....
"We are starting to get along and learning to respect each other." Annika answers, "Although there are some times when.....anyway, fortunately, Seven doesn't care much for the heat, so is not going to make an appearance while we are in the sauna."
Nice job, girlfriend. Give us a holler when you get back home New Mexico.
In all my years here, I've noticed that Italians are Olympic gold medalists at complaining (loudly, rowdily, individually, or in groups) but rarely do they actually voice their beef with someone in charge or even take the simple steps necessary to resolve the situation. WHY IS THAT? Is there some cultural hang-up about being proactive or confrontational? Is it considered inappropriate to speak up? I've noticed this in old & young alike, even some of my friends have this tendency. It seems ridiculous to me, why bother using so much energy to complain instead of simply using that same energy to fix what's wrong? I'm not saying people have to be aggressive and demanding, I'm just saying that 90% of the time, situations like the one I just mentioned could be easily resolved by speaking up. It blows my mind to be surrounded by a nation of people who will stew in their indignation, will get worked up about it, but are too passive to speak up or stand up to make a real change.
The Shopper's Hymn ...........................Sweet Bye and Bye
In 1930, a $1,000,000 limestone Art Deco/Art Moderne courthouse was constructed between Guadalupe, San Antonio, Tenth, and Eleventh Streets. Precinct offices were assigned to the ground floor, county offices and courts occupied floors two and three, district offices and courts took over floors four and five, while floors six and seven housed the jail. Many additions and extensions have been made to this Courthouse, starting in the 1950s, so that now the 1930 structure is only a part of a large complex of buildings.
The evolution of modular kitchen has succeeded in bringing about an enormous change in the way a kitchen appears. Traditional kitchens are being replaced by these sophisticated and elegant kitchen designs. The need for more space or limited space in homes and flats has contributed to the emergence of such modern kitchens.
If I could jump into cartoon land, I'd be Betty Boop. I'd lasso you and pull you right down here. You would flail and buck as I struggled with the rope, but your frightened look would melt away when I came into view, catching my breath and batting my eyelashes. Your crazy moon face would split into a toothy grin. Then I'd kiss you just so.
Breakfast: mealie meal porridge
12. Freedom's Not a Korean Word
Here’s more info. about the phenomenon. I would click even if only to see some pictures of Cephalotes atratus – they look like little Darth Vaders! So far the scientist in this article has drop-tested a total of 60 species of ants looking for similar gliding behaviors, and has found some form of gliding in about 25 of the species!! Who knew? I sure didn’t. They should drop-test some sloths next!! Maybe there’s some cool gliding ones we don’t even know about.
In traditional publishing, this is the first round of editing, and it may reshape your manuscript quite a bit. Not all writers may feel they need this, but if you do, you should expect a developmental editor to look at:
- Take the number they give you in return and offer something reasonable (but less, obviously) - I´d advise something within 5 to 20% of their response, for the second offer - that you are willing to pay that seems appropriate for the item.
I love spring cleaning and it’s really needed around here right now. Steve’s work schedule changed and I find myself falling further behind in the housekeeping every day. He’s home so much and I just don’t work around the house when he is here. I’m trying to develop new systems but they’re definitely not in place yet.
Here is an effort toward my Brazilian goal that everyone can benefit from – I made caipirinhas!
Shoes & dress - K& Company Designer Mat Pad
The Worts scurry around fussing over their slaves,
Past the lockers is the laundry room.
* More students must gain entrance to veterinary science through the most competitive category, namely the ‘open category’, to afford top achievers a better chance to be accepted.
Enough of the rollercoaster ride of wishing and hoping, only to be completely crushed.
The president also answered critics, notably his likely Republican opponent, Mitt Romney, who said the administration erred by setting a deadline for withdrawing troops, since the Taliban could simply wait out the Americans.
And here's the press release!
Anyhow, I talked it up to the boy over the weekend. He was vaguely interested. This morning he was downright squirmy as we worked our way through 'What I know about maps and globes' and 'What I'd like to learn about maps and globes.'
1/2 teaspoon of crushed red pepper flakes (you can add more if you like more heat)
We skipped boating last weekend in order to clean the house. I finally have a basement again. I don't know how we lucked out but I sure am glad we weren't boating. Anyone who lives remotely near Baltimore knows about the torrential rain we had all weekend. I was starting to wonder if Noah was building another Ark. We've been out in rain before but this was nonstop, drenching, party-stopping rain. There are plenty more weeks to go and I'm sure we'll be out again soon.
How to make the biscuits:
Sing-song and off-key and just plain wrong.
Note how inconsequential things outside the city are depicted. Ironically, the area of Manhattan shown is itself one of the least important, yet it still looms large over other cities, states and countries.
因此蓝色看起来很特别
1 ha-ba
For one, the national chairman of the Tea Party Express tour is a California radio talk show host - former KFBK/Sacramento host Mark Williams, who still does remote ISDN fill-in (much like Clear Channel talk WSPD/1370 program director/afternoon drive host Brian Wilson does) for stations across the country.
Arthur thought it was enough now, and went in the house to take a nap on a bed of his choice.
*Stir-fry the meat in small batches so it doesn't stew and set aside.
I was working with a team around a customer service project yesterday when one of them said, rather petulantly, ‘but we did this three years ago, why hasn’t it worked?’ Well, the only answer to this was that perhaps ‘it’ did work, but it worked three years ago. Rather like keeping Herman on the road, you don’t just fix him once and he goes forever, but rather he runs until the next thing starts squeaking or falls off, until the next intervention is required. That organisation probably did solve it’s customer service challenge three years ago, but the world has changed: the challenge they face is how to learn from their heritage, the tribal knowledge that sits within the organisation, but how also to update and retell that story in a way that’s relevant today.
Often, efficiency is contrasted with morality, usually fairness or justice. Some economic policies may be seen as increasing efficiency, but at the cost to fairness or justice. It is the classic laissez-faire versus neoliberalism argument. The question being argued is to what degree (if any) the government should be involved in economic decisions.
I'm at the beach writing this week, but I'm due for a post and a blog post is writing, too, right?
Sono molto contenta che dalla foto si veda lo sbrilluccichio sul banner...... ho usato il Glimmer Glam Tide Pool direttamente sulla patterned...... e non l'ho rovesciato ihihihih
*If you're coming in from out of town: Make a plan to share a room with a couple blogger friends and maybe stay an extra night to wander Portland! It is a wonderful city... If I do say myself.
Independence Brewing Co., the Austin microbrewery, received the 2012 Good Food Award for their Convict Hill Stout in recognition of the handcrafted ale’s exceptional quality, and the brewery’s commitment to sustainability and supporting the Austin community.
First, the bad news—the problem may be worse than you think. Recently, the Ethics Resource Center’s 2011 National Business Ethics Survey revealed surprising statistics showing that active social networkers—defined as those employees who spend 30% or more of their working hours on social networking sites—have very different ideas about ethics than most other employees. For instance, 42% of those networkers indicated they would post negative information about their employer or co-workers on Twitter or other social media sites versus 6% of non-networkers. Similarly, 46% of networkers said they had no qualms about using company software on their home computers compared to 7% of other respondents, and 51% were willing to compensate for reduced wages or benefits by performing less work compared to 10% of non-networkers.
Total cuman ada 6 film di postingan preview kali ini, there’s The Avenger, Men In Black III, Dark Shadows, Moonrise Kingdom, The Dictator, and What To Expect When You’re Expecting.
Happy Mother's Day (inside): Mother's Day Solutions cartridge cut at 2 3/4"
In some spots you can glimpse the train tracks from the park’s previous life, not quite taken over by the carefully selected vegetation. Other areas have arena-style seating, water features and moveable sun loungers looking out to New Jersey and Lady Liberty. There’s food to feast on during your stroll, as well as art installations to ogle. But the real feast for your eyes is the city itself, which from here takes on an alternate appearance. It is not an aerial view but an elevated one: one that is a must-see for visitors and locals alike.
However, that night, I had to go to a conference. (I promise, I'm getting to the positive side effect). It was called Sexy Christians and it was really great. But to start off, we worshiped. And I stood up, on shaking legs, and began to sing "Everlasting, Your light will shine when all else fails... From the inside out, oh my soul cries out..." and I started to cry. It was taking everything I had to stand up and I was singing with all my heart and soul and I felt like God was honoring my sacrifice of doing that. And then, as I sat down, I thanked God because I wasn't alone that night I was so sick. He gave me my mom and Ty.
“When is someone going to get 18th century on Islam’s mediaeval ass?” – Boris Johnson
Anybody with half a brain knew that this laughable junk was nonsense. Yet, some idiots believed it and the DA actually congratulated the ANC regime on their efforts.
This has been a lame month of posting. The new blogger format sucks and it’s taken five attempts to post this entry. Also too much work. Let's sum up the rest of April of '73 in the music world. On April 21 a new song took over Number One in both the US and the UK. "Tie a Yellow Ribbon Round the Old Oak Tree" was a huge hit for Tony Orlando and Dawn. On the 26th, Elton John started his own record company, Rocket Records. He was still under contract on both sides of the pond so he wouldn't be able to record for it until '76. On the 29th rising star John Denver began a weekly show on BBC television.
But this summer I saw one for real, in the woods at Somerford Common. It was hovering near a mound of straw, a nest of some kind with a small tunnel entrance. And it was huge - the hornet that is - this wasn't a large wasp, it was a golden, iridescent, gob-smacking monster. It's enormous, I kept saying aloud; absolutely bloody huge.
Of course, I didn't decide that until after I had filled in the holes from the original pulls and sanded everything down. Then (much later) when I decided I didn't like it, I had Dax come drill out all the holes I had filled in. LOL Figures, right?
WP 4/26
The DP I used is from K+Company's Raspberry Fizz set (surprise, surprise, I know... ) the card stock is from Recollections. The grosgrain ribbon is from my stash. I love how Gwen is looking over her shoulder... so sweet. There is some light blue coloring all around her, but it wouldn't show up in any photo I took. I would love to have an airbrush or light blue ink pad to make an awesome cloud background that I always see. Those are cool!
Last weekend, I was absolutely fucking determined that THIS CAKE WOULD NOT BEAT ME and I added my six eggs, the sugar, the ground almonds.....microwaved the 3 lemons (fed up with the boiling which takes aaaaages).... and put the whole lot back into the FIRST cake tin..... but THIS time I forgot to add the greaseproof paper base.
Your Grandpapa
Under the Clinton administration the very last piece of that protective legislation the Glass-Stiegel Act, was totally destroyed—thus clearing the way for Bush & the Bandits to begin what Obama is now putting the finishing touches on.
Arrange cherry tomato slices in a pretty pattern on top, and sprinkle the top with a bit more cheese.
OK-OK Runners’ FIRST CLASS Mission: “To promote The Spirit of Friendship, Camaraderie, Sportsmanship to our fellow runners.”
The day I received the Seren contract was a particularly surreal one. For also in post that day arrived a copy of a record contract (no less) for the inclusion of a song I had co-written in the 80s (when I was all of fifteen-years old) on a soon-to-be-released album of Irish Electronica.
Teenager Cassandra O'Hare knows what it's like to live in constant fear of being mauled by a werewolf. Generations ago, a curse was put on her family that makes even the most civil of lycanthropes want to devour anyone in her bloodline. After her sister is left dead on the front porch, Cassandra and her parents move two states away to start over in a new town.
'shop around your home first' - have a good look in your home for spare containers/storage that may be of use in the area you are trying to clean out/tidy up/reorganise
When we started researching hedges, we immediately thought of boxwood.
Ithaca, New York, April 20
Dramarama (2007)
Those shares have been sold to Genii and will be then taken by Lotus Cars, which is owned by Proton.
Its sense of self was so large that the mere act of watching a baby take a step and then tumble was so gratifying that he told himself, “What a stupid baby. Its legs do not work correctly and yet, people aren’t visiting MY blog? They’re visiting this silly baby’s blog? Come on, at least this man can walk.”
Wow. It's been forever since I updated, so I will just do some basic highlights of my last few weeks to get myself back in the game.
The mixture was tipped BACK into the mixing bowl and the sugar added. Still determined to Do It Right I cleaned the remnants of unsugary mixture out in lashings of hot water (even used my rubber gloves).......dried it, rebuttered, relined and tipped the mixture once again into the cake tin. By this time I was feeling less charitably inclined towards the state of Grown Upineness.
Sat 11/8 Worcester, MA The Palladium
1/2 c honey (or agave)
The Kirre is another dangerous, psionic predator. They resemble eight-legged great cats but with a pair of curving horns and a tail studded with barbed spikes.
Devine Street Pop-Up Shop
We don't want to keep you in suspense any longer, so here are the Special Top 6:
3. Use the tamper to help push the ingredients into the blades.
My mum asked whether it would ever go away.. and I said no, but the truth is that I don’t want it to. When the only other option is to fall off the edge of the world, it pushes you to give everything to strive towards something better. When everything you’ve worked for is at risk, it puts everything in perspective for a while. And that’s what drives me. I used to say to myself that I would never be back there, but the truth it that I am back there regularly, just to remind myself, and I get a kick out of that somehow. It sends adrenaline soaring throughout your body and forces you to make a decision – live or die. Perhaps I should just take up extreme sports, it might be a bit safer… I guess before, I was just scared that if I was back there, the past would repeat itself but I trust myself more than ever to do the right thing. I’m glad that I have this spring that I can bounce against every time I feel uncertain or lost.
Dearest frockers,
A Great and Terrible Beauty by Libba Bray
The WaPo article goes on to note however that this trend will not be able to keep up with demand in the near future. When the economy recovers a bit, lots of nurses will go back to part-time or less, and those who put off retirement will leave for good. Relevant to my original post, the article notes that too many potential nurses are being turned away from nursing schools due to lack of faculty and mentions the bill reimbursing nursing faculty for grad school costs.
For the Biscuits:
Ooh, jeez. Norton Juster, Brian Jacques, J.K. Rowling, J.R.R. Tolkien, Orson Scott Card, Rick Riordan, Tamora Pierce, Terry Goodkind... let's leave it there for now.
Footprints on the sands of time;
have lit up this face too many times to number.
Dustin Johnston: The 5-time PGA Tour winner and 12th-ranked player in the world will miss the Masters because of a back injury:
Israel now recognizes that despite their current unfortunate circumstances, God is very merciful. He is great and mighty and he keeps the covenant, just like he did with Abraham and all of Israel. They still refer to God as “our God” because of his great mercy. God would not forsake his covenant with them.
lest ye be judged.
Nowadays the only black magic I entertain are the chocolate ones.
I want to change those things about myself.
Mind you, I've got many many other nieces and nephews -- okay okay, six additional nieces and nephews -- as well, but I only got to see two out of those addtional six this past week. These two:
NOW, THEREFORE, I, BARACK OBAMA, President of the United States of America, do hereby proclaim May 1, 2012, as Loyalty Day. This Loyalty Day, I call upon all the people of the United States to join in support of this national observance, whether by displaying the flag of the United States or pledging allegiance to the Republic for which it stands.
To learn more about the book A Radical Idea by David Platt visit the Multnomah Publishing Website. http://waterbrookmultnomah.com/
But this is getting too political, and I'm really just here to talk about juiceboxes and bacon and monkeys disguised as humans. I mean, no matter who we are, we can agree on those things.
Singapore should learn from the targeted immigration policy adopted by Silla and focused on getting immigrants who can integrate more easily into our society such as those from the southern provinces of China, Hong Kong and Taiwan of which a basic command of the English language is a must instead of accepting everybody indiscriminately like Balhae without studying if they are culturally, ethnically and linguistically compatible with native Singaporeans in the first place.
Since rachu n radha were there too.. i decided all of us cousins should head out for dinner..
Sentiment & Symbolism
Other fascinating books by K.T. Achaya you might want to look at are: The Story of Our Food, Universities Press (India) Limited, 2000 which is here:
replace it with vulgarity.
NOTE: And say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I will take the children of Israel from among the heathen, whither they be gone, and will gather them on every side, and bring them into their own land: And I will make them one nation in the land upon the mountains of Israel; and one king shall be king to them all: and they shall be no more two nations, neither shall they be divided into two kingdoms any more at all: Neither shall they defile themselves any more with their idols, nor with their detestable things, nor with any of their transgressions: but I will save them out of all their dwellingplaces, wherein they have sinned, and will cleanse them: so shall they be my people, and I will be their God. And David my servant shall be king over them; and they all shall have one shepherd: they shall also walk in my judgments, and observe my statutes, and do them. And they shall dwell in the land that I have given unto Jacob my servant, wherein your fathers have dwelt; and they shall dwell therein, even they, and their children, and their children’s children for ever: and my servant David shall be their prince for ever. Moreover I will make a covenant of peace with them; it shall be an everlasting covenant with them: and I will place them, and multiply them, and will set my sanctuary in the midst of them for evermore. My tabernacle also shall be with them: yea, I will be their God, and they shall be my people. And the heathen shall know that I the LORD do sanctify Israel, when my sanctuary shall be in the midst of them for evermore.
Christians are very often persecuted not for their Christianity, but for lack of it.
3 Tins: $1 (dollarama)
I've been wanting to make a 'banner' card for awhile, so I decided to try it for this one. First, I'll show you a pic of my supplies. I gathered alot more than I ended up using, but sometimes doing it that way helps with the inspiration.
1. Only new creations (not backdated ones) will be considered for this challenge.
Every society holds fresh jugs of esoteric knowledge.
We are not perfect.
When creating, I find that I am the most productive at night, once my little ones are in their beds and sweetly dreaming. Rather than watching T.V. or reading a book to unwind at the end of each day, I scrap. It’s my outlet from the world – so relaxing. I mostly scrap in silence as I wouldn’t dare wake up the kiddos – but when I do have a chance to grab an hour here or there, I love listening to soft, instrumental pieces – my current faves are by Yiruma (I’m sure you’ve all heard this piece…)
Sprinkle your spices right on top of the coffee grounds when preparing to brew. You don’t even need to mix! Other spices you could use could include all spice, pumpkin pie seasoning (or any kind of pie seasoning really), nutmeg, ground vanilla, or ground cocoa. Go nuts and get creative! The flavor is so much better when it’s brewed with the grounds as opposed to just adding it to the cup after.
He joins speakers including Professor Ian Gilmore, president of the Royal College of Physicians, Sara Thornton, the Chief Constable of Thames Valley; and Don Shenker, Chief Executive of Alcohol Concern.
Put all the nuts in a bowl. You could roughly chop but I like my nuts whole. I bashed just a few.
In the morning, as we packed our car to leave, a goodbye party formed. The families we'd come to know came outside or waved like mad from their balconies. Lucien ran back into the restaurant to tearfully tell his two "girlfriends" there was a hotel next to our apartment in Paris, so they could come to Paris and stay there. (He still talks about those two girls, and has cried himself to sleep several times about no longer being at the Kinderhotel).
We all want to change the world
Well, thanks for letting the deceased know. He would be sure to be careful next time!
There are many quality cleaners and sealants available for keeping the chrome and stainless steel on your boat protected, shiny and bright. After applying a light film on your brightwork, let sit for about 15 to 30 minutes. Then, wipe off with a clean cloth. After cleaning, you may also want to apply a quality wax sealer/protectant to create a protective barrier against the harsh elements. If your boat’s metalwork is pitted or oxidized, apply a quality metal wax and leave it on the problem area overnight. In the morning, take a piece of fine bronze wool and gently scrub off the wax applied to the pitted or oxidized area. This process, repeated several times, should make a considerable difference.
Their lights burnt away,
Chag Sameach!
She had the pep and go when I needed it. Like when the Hipster Teen (in his Mothers over sized vampire.) cut me off not once, but twice in about a 10 seconds and one car span.
And I don’t want to be a star
We have recently made a few changes to this room. So this is not the way it looks now. We always seek to arrange our home in such a way that it will promote family unity. And so it will promote the goals and values we have as a family. But I will share pictures of that later.
I'm begining to think that where my life seems to be lived, is in the spaces between plans. Like I make plans..they go all wonky..then I start to plan again..mostly never really reaching the point I had planned so hard for. It's a funny little cycle I find myself in.
They were amazing...........
In talking up having another brother to Callie one of the things I mentioned was not having to share her room. That didn't work as planned since she really wanted to share her room and have bunk beds. So we began the process of organizing her room and making it Chase friendly. With her having her big closet to have her more special things in. The plan is to have Callie's room and then the boys' room. But for the first couple years we will store Callie's bed and have the bunk beds in her room where Chase will sleep. His clothes, etc will stay in his room but he will sleep in her room. This will give us the boys' room for a nursery and then when the crib is ready to be put away we will move the bunk beds into the boys' room for them. By then I have a feeling Callie will be more than ready to have her room and bed back.
“I guess it was a phase I was going through. I know there were times when I was really nasty and rude to you, and I’m sorry. I think most of those times I was just angry, not angry at you, just an angry kid. And you ended up having to deal with it. And I’m sorry about that. But now I think I’m different. And I don’t know if it had to do with growing up or moving over here or what. I just know that I’m a lot more mature than I was before, and I like it. I’m getting along better with you, and I like that too.” Patti finally smiled following that last part.
Our first big project this year was re-edging the garden beds with river rock. I love it. We also carved out a new sitting area in the middle of the garden. Abby had trampled all the vegetation in this section of the garden so completely in her quest for squirrels that we decided to just give up trying to grow anything here. We mulched the area and added a scattering of big flagstones. With the fire pit and two new Adirondack chairs, it's a lovely spot for sitting.
Who gives their significant other eggs for her birthday????
The plane took off in a direction where we were headed towards central Delhi, and had to take a U turn to correct the direction. The world from above looks so different , and as I was peering around for where we might be, I got my bearings by a beautiful sight - the Lotus Temple lighted up ! In the distance I could see the tall buildings around CP.
MNAH = Might Need A Hospital
"I've never heard the word. It sounds Second Realm-ish?"
But I will leave you with a further selection of William Wood’s wonderful illustrations:
We do possess the knowledge to keep Christmas well.
I participated in NaNoWriMo, and here is the continued story I wrote this year.
That’s right, the Breakfast Dagwood. Denny’s greatest sanwich. THAT IS NOT FREAKIN’ AVAILABLE ANYMORE!!!
On October 2, 2010, the New York City Community Garden Coalition will convene a Town Hall Meeting to discuss the recently published "new rules" for community gardens on City land set to go into effect on October 13, 2010, as well as look to alternative legal strategies for long-term preservation.
There is not much to separate, this new breed from the neo-con, and should one take the time, one can discern a strong “anti-nazi” perspective to all they do.
After two days, I had to high-tail it out.
Fortunately the team have a chubby guy so he is able to explain that La Sangre de Dios is a ghost town where the infamous wrestler and insane killer, El Mascarado (Rey Misterio), was banished for, well, being an insane killer. This raises my first question; how exactly does one banish someone to a ghost town? I can only assume that the banishee isn’t keen on this arrangement so how precisely is the banishment maintained? This first question pales into insignificance when the rest of the tale comes to light. El Mascarado, it turns out, was assembled from the miscellaneous body parts of the world’s greatest wrestlers in order to create the ultimate, unbeatable wrestler to compete in the ’68 Olympics. (So many questions). He never made it to the Olympics because before he even made it through the qualifying stages he went somewhat mental and started tearing people’s faces off rather than making the concerted effort necessary to secure Olympic gold.
- 1 pound of puff pastry
But the sharp-eared kitties begin to scatter!
See.
And here, in the comfort of your own browser, is your free sample:
There's nothing more moody than NY weather. These past few weeks, I've suffered the brunt of unexpected rainshowers and surprisingly warm weather. rain, rain go away.
We got acquainted with many of the people in the first couple of rows. These are the die-hard fans, the ones who follow the band and pay extra money to get in early. Great group.
Ever was lifted out of me and I heard her cry, that timeless clarion call, like a startled kitten, she meowed in a scratchy rhythm. And still, alongside now Mr. Curry's love, alongside this new love, was the red river of anxiety, burning it's way through my body, setting fires, freeing monsters.
It was absolutely delicious! I love eggs Benedict! The hollandaise sauce was light, tangy, and buttery and the whole English muffin, bacon, egg, and hollandaise sauce combination is perfection.
Seriously though; what is going to happen to America when the product of their educational system is so confused by what they’ve been taught that they are as good as useless? When they can no longer distinguish between real facts and bullshit propaganda?
After my experience, meditation brought amazing awareness and clarity in my mind, gave me inner peace and created a balance of tranquility. It makes sense to learn from someone who has reached this state before. I believe that if I continue with meditation and its tools otherwise known as dharma, the benefits will bring phenomenal results, even enlightenment. Just like Buddha Shakyamuni did.
Published by PhotoIreland, 2011
And just like that, you have been brought through the crazy maze that is my thought pattern. Kudos to you if you made it this far :-)
At least nine people were arrested for blocking roads in Tel Aviv.
I'm afraid
“As you would expect from Waitrose, there are no gimmicks, no coupons to redeem against a later shop, and no need to check your receipt online. We simply match the prices on the shelf, so you benefit immediately.”
After much encouragement from some of my friends, I finally kicked myself in the butt to get myself out of my lack of mojo, inspiration and self indulgent habits. I'm happy now to enter back into my world of cyber friends and share some more digital images with you this year.
- Swallow every stupid lie the Jews promote (their being the “chosen people,” the “holocaust” scam, their always being “picked on” through no fault of their own – always being the pooor, pooor victim, etc.)
Following the suicide of their mother, Atreus and his brother lived the land in exile. It was there that Atreus met his wife Aerope and he vowed to sacrifice his best lamb to Artemis, but when he found a golden lamb from his flock did he pick it out to be sacrificed? Of course, lamb be pimp and golden yo, so he had his wife hide it to prevent it from sacrificing it. What Atreus did not know was Aerope gave it to her lover, Thyestes! That's right Aerope was sleeping with Atreus' brother behind his back, but Thyestes had bigger plans to do with that lamb (I know what you are thinking, but there is surprisingly little bestiality in this story) Thyestes then told his brother that there should be something that would decide who would be king. He then convinced Atreus that whoever had a golden lamb would be king of this domain. Just as Atreus was going to say that he had the lamb, WA-BAM! Thyestes pulls that piece of living woolly bling out and is crowned king.
Pack up all stuff that needs to be delivered to venue
Just sharing a sweet card that uses Ruby Rock-It and Bella Fundamentals. The die cut bird, cage and hearts are so cute and the different sized tags are perfect for popping out the colors of the chipboard and sticker letters.
"But it really happened."
1 tbs vanilla extract
I used a Tilda from 2010 Easter collection I believe. She is colored with copics. The eggs I used Creative Inspiration Paints (Peach, Sky Blue, and Mellow Yellow). I used some Wild Rose Studio papers, and some lace and pearls.
We all do.
Stamps - Skipping Stones (Beautiful Botanicals)
Decaf Dot
1/2 teaspoon oregano
The biggest surprise came for Peter when after what felt like an eternity someone knocked on the door of his hotel room. When Abelle opened it none other than his first wife Jennifer stepped inside the room and walked over to the bed while speaking on a cell phone.
This past weekend Joe finally had some time off of work, so we excitedly discussed the possibility of going to the beach for the weekend. Granted, the beach is missing #1, but the gulf breezes and sand castles would more than make up for it.
The reason the job is taking so long is that this is about the only time we get around to it. My kitchen garden was originally 6 beds, each about 35 feet long and 4 feet wide with concrete paths in between. The reason for this was to make it manageable, not to have to walk on the beds because you can reach from both sides to the middle, and not to have to dig or manure areas where you were going to end up walking. It's always worked very well, with the additional bonus that rain doesn't soak into where plants aren't going to grow, and the unexpected benefit that the concrete heats up in the sun and this helps to warm the soil.
6. Do interval training. When you are working out, add a minute or so of high intensity, all effort pushes and then recover. This will help you burn more calories and increase your anaerobic threshold.
They told me you were no good
amphibians with golden crowns and sapphire eyes
This really happened; something's in life have no explanation. It is up to you to believe or not believe. This is the magic part of life and my favorite part...
My husband was sanding the hull of his fish boat when a young woman approached him at the wharf.
Of course that’s just dedicated e-readers and all you have to do is look at the list in Wikipedia to see that there is plenty of competition out there with the Sony Reader, the BeBook Neo and the Kobo eReader Touch to name just three. Fashion is a fickle thing though and technology moves at a ferocious pace. How many mobile phones have you been through since, say, 1983 which is when the first 1G network launched in the USA (make that 1981 if you’re Scandinavian or 1979 if you happened to live in Tokyo)? I hardly ever use my mobile phone. If I spend £10 in a year on calls that’s a lot because basically I only call two people, my wife and my daughter, and somehow I am on my fourth phone! Okay, I lost the first one but you see what I mean. Of course my daughter gets a new phone every year. And many of those phones double as e-readers anyway.
Q: ‘Herbivore’ man is really popular in Japan, what kind of man do you think you are?
Now, the track is the easy part since we already have the constraint and the quad. Bezier spline is one that I released in Degrafa. It’s a simple construction with G-1 continuity and a tension parameter. Additional artificial tangent control is provided by augmenting the spline with degenerate quad. segments at the beginning and end. The spline is non-interpolative.
My dream is still alive...
“That is a good sign.” DJ hugged her shoulders, “Listen, I'm not sure what to do with myself but I don’t want to leave. I don’t want you to feel like you have to stick around just because of me.”
Best Music:
My three main inspirations were as follows:
Here are the details of the Blog Hop:
Of course, if that were the whole film, we’d have a dull film, so there’s more conflict to come. Roger is a bit of a daredevil, which gets him into trouble as he and Peter attempt to block off the mall entrances with semis. When Fran wants to learn how to fly the helicopter (just in case), her practicing alerts a group of looters to the presence of the quartet in the mall, and brings them on the attack. This destroys the relative calm and zombie-free atmosphere of the place. All hell breaks lose, and ultimately, the group has to make some very difficult decisions if they are going to survive.
In addition, and contrary to concerns raised by both Red Bull and the European Commission, the ECJ dismissed the idea that its decision would permit the customer of an SCP to circumvent the protection offered to the proprietor under the Trade Marks Directive by dividing the production process and awarding different elements of the process to different SCPs to escape liability, as those services may still be attributed to the customer who could remain liable under the Directive.
And one of the other tricks she had up her sleeve? ... These Chicken & Spinach Enchiladas. They can be made ahead of time, are freezer-friendly, and make a huge batch. What more could you ask for in preparing for a crowd?? Don't need to feed a crowd? No problem! Just put them up in the freezer in smaller pans and you're good to go for several make-ahead meals.
Please note that CCA and American Traffic Solutions, who does our red light camera’s and has no employee’s in broward county or the state of Florida, use the same lobbyist? Please note the lobbyist are suing us since we canceled the contract. This is odd since they filed against the city without even requesting that we provide services.
Truly the Windsors are a family of the world and have, to lapse into the vernacular, seen it all.
With all the good and evil taking place all over the world God knows exactly what to do to bring it to where he wants it to be. And he will. Who can stop him? Who can make him change this or that?
Sometimes an image captures me – and a conversation begins…
He was our son’s first dog, and he was with the Missus long before I was. It was he who braved the whacky Oregonian weather with my wife-to-be prior to her meeting me. I fondly remember the first time I went to her apartment; he peed on my shoes. Seemed to be a recurring theme with him.
Ironically, Morgan's 30 Rock co-star Tina Fey is the best-known Palin impersonator in the country. Perhaps she's now wondering if Morgan jacks to her as well. Morgan has undergone some personal challenges recently; his wife walked out on him in 2009 because of his alcohol problem, and he's also recovering from a kidney transplant necessitated by complications from diabetes.
To my mind, the foreign mercenary story is just another of these unfounded rumors until we have evidence to the contrary.
That's one argument Gary and I have had since before we were married. Neither one of us wants to be the one left behind. And I would say that it would be lucky for us to go at the same time, but that would really hurt our daughter, so I cannot wish for that to happen, either. Well, maybe a vampire will bite both of us and we'll live together forevermore. Hmmmmm.....nah.
(I obtained the email via a Freedom of Information Law (FOIL) request.)
“The usual things people do for All Souls’ Day is to write on envelopes and submit names for prayers, but we wanted to make it more creative and interactive,” he said.
Always available to one and all
Post-production.
“Ayaw magpatalo!” Mabel heard me, “Kailangan talaga Czech Republic na s’ya!”
Keeping mum has been the standard police line on the Bersih 3.0 rally, which is a huge contrast to the Bersih 2.0 protest.
So some days, this character heads off to the woods for a bit of chopping, trapping, hunting…whatever might bring a few coppers into his pocket. Evenings, he meets up with mates for a pint; at night, he dreams of softer beds and warmer clothes.
Suggested reads
Secondly, I was able to see the forest in terms of what it's potential is or was, rather than what currently exists. Above is a small section of cut forest. Maybe nothing shocking, but definitely devastating to what used to grow and live there.
Finish sauce with butter and lemon slices. Once the butter melts, pour sauce over cutlets. Garnish with chopped fresh parsley and serve.
John McClane (Bruce Willis) is once more called upon to stop terrorists, only this time he’s a little older and a lot more bald. Tasked with escorting a hacker (Justin Long) to the FBI headquarters, everything goes wrong and McClane has to fix it. And when I say everything I mean everything.
Alarmingly, some of her friends have also suffered after-effects.
He did a full lap
After sampling my fresh green almonds, I thought they would make fantastic pickles - similar to the ones my mum makes with green mangoes, which I love. And so it was that I made green almond pickles with my fresh almonds... and they turned out just as I hoped - sweet, tangy, with a hint of spice and salt.
Excuse the depressive tone of my post, I just feel particularly desperate tonight. If nothing else, it feels good to get this out.
*Now do you see why I was concerned at looking like a WHORE! Look at my shirt!*
Mitt Romney says he wants to build a fence on the entire border and make E-Verify a national law. His adviser is none other than Kris Kobach, the man who wrote most of the state-level bills that crack down on illegal immigration. In fact, the issue has cropped up again and again in the Republican primary, even though border apprehensions are down to 1970s levels, as the number of Border Patrol agents on the ground has doubled since 2004. America’s faltering economy is also credited with the drop in attempted illegal crossings.
Notes: It’s a mouthful. Take a shot before you decide to attempt this one.
You know, "transformer" is actually Japanese for "product placement".
2. How to make a roux**
The short of it goes something like this:
Today was one of those inexplicable days when I felt discouraged over little things - even nothing.
Someone wanted me dead. But who? My husband? His girlfriend? Divorce loomed ahead like a huge gaping maw. I wanted to wail, gnash my teeth, and obliterate something, anything. Of course, I was Rachel the Mouse, so I did my best to hide the violent urges building inside. Rachel the Meek never, ever, let loose with her most primitive emotions. She hid them deep, keeping a calm, submissive, accepting face turned toward the world at large.
a home without friends,
You slice the mushrooms on the bias – into aforementioned fillets. After the marinade has simmered for 20 minutes, you throw the mushrooms into it and cook for just a minute. Then you pour the whole thing – marinade and mushrooms – into a shallow dish with a cover, and let it sit for an hour.
“Sounds like a software problem to me.” he said.
Today we're beginning our new series, "Mommy and Me." Our first book is a classic - If You Give a Mouse a Cookie. (Available at Amazon, your local bookstore, or the library).
Kim Hung-kwang, who was a computer science professor at a North Korean university – and now heads a defectors’ intellectual group – says Pyongyang has a proven capability for distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks via the Internet.
2 handfuls of pitted olives
Once Zimmerman was out of his vehicle and on foot, did Zimmerman initiate the contact with Martin or did Martin initiate the contact with Zimmerman?
“Well, it is how it started out,” I said, “I knew your first name first. By the way, why don’t you go by it?”
Many other “EXCUSES”.
Our creative ideas come from our experience, either from things we have seen and can remember, or from stuff that happened way back and has got replayed to us through our subconsious. Interacting with others should be one of the richest experiences we can have and should give us all kinds of ideas. Maybe talking through a screen isn't the richest way of doing it, (and I personally do not find it addictive), but it's surprising what things our minds will latch on to and start to use. No, if on-line social networks pose a threat to our creativity it will be because they lead us to divert said creativity into trying to be as witty and entertaining and insightful in person as we are in our books. But this is a problem authors and artists have always had.
The circle letter is useful for keeping community with scattered friends and colleagues. We use this for our eight sibling family, to keep the common conversation intact. Here's how:
“I’m a professional mime.”
Inside Style by Annmarie O'Connor - as featured in The Dubliner - Feb 10th
You know the pride of Barbados will still be blooming--
Day 2: Kitten's First Full Moon by Kevin Henkes and So That's How the Moon Changes Shape! by Allan Fowler. We also did phases of the moon using Oreo cookies, but I didn't get a picture because we ate the cookies too quickly!
Felicity’s face was still contorted from shock and confusion and grief, and she looked at the composed David with temporary hatred. ‘How can you, God, how can be so calm? Wasn’t he your friend?’
Or you could do it my way and spray after the clothes are on. I’ve been known to line the kids up before church on Sunday and spray them down. Does that qualify me for the bad mom award? Probably, but hey, they look good and we’re making memories.
How cool is this? A high-end makeup brush in the box. It feels so soft, I don't have any other brushes this soft! And the handle feels really cool too. It feels expensive, you know? Haha!
Now the decision comes...
The Road to Christmas (Not for Children) ... LMN ... 8 PM
Nevertheless, it sold for $150 after my ex's parents saw it on the wall, and remarked that the girl in the art looked a lot like me (heheh...).
Other random pics from the last 24 hours or so:
Many moons ago, like maybe 4 or 500 or so, I got my Life and Business Coaching Certification and a business license and thought I was off to the races! Not so much... I wasn't completely done with full time mommying and quite honestly there are still days when I'm not quite sure. However, I have been stuck in the muck trying to get a website and blog going and linked up so that I had a place to point people and also could feel as though I am moving, even if I have no actual clients.
This is a painting by the hand of my oldest friend, Karen. It hung in my first restaurant & in my toilet as well. It has been with me everywhere since 1985 & even before that! I have noticed that Japanese people are taken with it, truly.....
"Maybe." Rissad's face, cadaverous in the torchlight, pointed the other way, his eyes lost in the jungle of the Sherim. "You give up pretty easily, for a Federas Gifted."
Mekons - Rock N' Roll - 1989
But I can hate on some of the things the new blood has brought along.
This cool and calm environment matches the onboard product and helps bring the whole brand in line with its image of ‘European Chic’. The lounge will be launched in summer 2012. Personally, I hope to get a look inside the lounge, some of the elements I’d love to see in closer detail.
Dear Tearsa and Tony,
I feel I should warn my more conservative readers (as if we're pretending that I'm not a conservative reader myself) about the F-bombs littered throughout the text and the occasional sex scene. Neither were graphic, however, and neither took away from my enjoyment or concluding opinion that after 11/22/63, you'd be hard pressed to find a person who doesn't like at least one novel by Stephen King.
4) Pour tomato mixture into onion pot. Scrape browned bits with the back of your spoon, if you have 'em. Drop heat to medium-low and cook about 15 minutes, until chili has a more chili-like consistency. Stir occasionally.
8. My Old Kentucky Home, Goodnight
And in a music known for its killer queens – Aretha, Mavis Staples, Etta James – Dojo Cuts’ Roxie Ray stands up proud. She has that perfect balance of soul and control and her voice is as highly individual as our own Kylie Auldist and Lanie Lane. Craig Charles of UK BBC6’s Funk & Soul Show says “Roxie Ray could sing the phone book and I would buy it”. Right on, Craig.
This access was acquaint on Thursday, April 23rd, 2009 at 12:00 am.
Eternally aware that Lord you really do care about this life that I live,
5. QMF
Cardstock: Georgia Pacific, SU, and Recollections
Brouwerij Bosteels Pauwel Kwak
One of GW's ultimate dioramas. There's literally face prints on the glass where over enthused geeks (like you and I) have pressed against it, trying to spot every tiny detail. It's bloody awesome.
Received his usual great big hug last night when he arrived to babysit his six year old friend.
Do you think I might like red just a little?
PML (N) not only succeeded in forcing Musharraf to resign but they also got the NRO rejected. When the PPP reneged on their promise to restore the Judiciary, PML (N) went for the option of Long March and the results are in front of the nation.
We are planning to move in together after the holidays and planning a vacation for the spring... I can't wait because there is no other guy I've been with that has made me feel so wonderful. I'm at my place and he's at his right now...I miss him tonight but I know tomorrow when I fall asleep next to him he'll hold me a lil bit tighter because he missed me too. Can't wait...
Bracelet : Dots
It’s going to be expensive but I’m sure it’ll save on vet fees and make my fiends healthier. As balanced a diet as I try to give them, I cannot guarantee that they’re all eating a little bit of everything I put out for them so this is like a little insurance policy.
The end of this semester was particularly unique, as it was my last school semester as an undergraduate! On Saturday April 21st, I officially completed my degree, from Mount Royal University. On Monday April 23rd, I took a one way flight to Victoria British Columbia, to digest my recent accomplishment and cruise around the island on my two-wheeler!
Homeschoolers come up with unique answers. How many times have I heard concerned acquaintances ask, "What about labs?" It's a puzzle that each homeschooling family figures out in their own way. The Tiger Chronicle did their Lab session at the pet store! There are wonderful questions at the end to help your young scientists think more deeply about their observations.
But, no. The other night, I was totally exhausted after playing the second round of Hide and Go Poop with Colden and not sleeping at all the night before, and right after dinner, I put on my jammies and went to bed, feeling too tired to lift a limb.
Yeah, I think not. And we wouldn’t blame them for leaving. And yet, how would we scream if Jesus left us? Would we not say he was then unjust?
and a wall of tiny colored pills
But making our schools healthier isn’t just about what happens in the kitchen. As Norah said, it’s also about what kids learn in the classroom. And that’s why we’re also encouraging you to do things like put on cooking demonstrations; teach kids how to prepare meals at home. You can help start a cooking club, work with the teacher to integrate food into the lesson plan, like they’ve done at Murch, or help students plant a garden, if possible. All that stuff is a part of it. It’s not just about the work in the kitchen.
The sight of Lough Graney would dazzle my eyes,
A few months went by and I was having a blast painting my furniture. But I got intimidated by all the talent out there and decided I wasn't ready to be a vendor. I was just going to go and shop the event, put a few faces to the names I'd met online.
Caroline Munro as Stella Star
As the leading supplier associated with VDR solutions, Merrill DataSite has empowered nearly Two million unique people to perform electronic due diligence on thousands of deal totaling billions associated with bucks within asset worth. Merrill DataSite VDR answer has become an important device in an effective as well as legally defensible procedure for finishing several types of financial dealings.
She rang off with the cheery information that we would have to wait until Monday before anyone would be in the office to register our complaint.
Tell us about you! Do you swap? Write short or long letters? Love skydiving and urban exploring? Anything at all!
haha- Well, thats what I am suppose to do!
They packed some snacks and a picnic blanket in backpacks, loaded up the car and drove for about two hours, through foggy valleys, until they reached their destination. They could have gone somewhere closer, but on particularly clear days, the best view to be had are at Clingman's Dome, on the Appalachian Trail - the highest point in Tennessee and in the Great Smoky Mountains National Park.
Gram Masala powder – ½ tsp
These cupcakes were topped with some fantasy-type flowers, which I'll refer to as 'camellias' because who would gainsay me? Who?
Today, I've got Tristan, the main character of Zoraida Córdova's debut The Vicious Deep dropping in to answer a few questions, and give you a chance to win a copy of the book!
When we arrive at my parents’ house, Lucy notices her freshly decorated back seat.
I made it home! What a whirlwind trip that was! I was so excited to visit with everyone, meet the twins girls my dear friend had in January, shop with my Mom, and have a special surprise-ish visit with my sister who regularly resides in South Korea.
● Dunayevskaya, ”The Paris Commune: a form of workers’ government”
“Are you allowed to bring her on the bus?” I ask this because I’m thinking, if she’s not allowed to, I will drive to them because I am the one who asked for her help today.
Federal authorities, in accepting Kevin Mulcahy’s story as accurate, knowledge that its implications are deeply disturbing: Qaddafi obviously has utilized the materials and expertise of Wilson and Terpil in his support of such terrorist groups as the Palestine Liberation Organization, the Red Brigades of Italy, the Red Army of Japan, the Baader-Meinhof gang in Germany and the Irish Republican Army. He is suspected of having ordered the murder of at least 10 political enemies in Europe and the Middle East; two months ago, the F.B.I. arrested Eugene A. Tafoya of New Mexico, a former Green Beret, and accused him of an attempted assassination of a Libyan student at Colorado State University. The Libyan was one of a growing number outside the country who oppose Qaddafi’s rule. When arrested, Tafoya, who traveled to Libya three times last year, had Ed Wilson’s business card in his possession with telephone and telex listings in Tripoli, London and Washington for one of Wilson’s Swiss-based companies. Tafoya’s links to Wilson are still being investigated.
In any case, Cameron is looking thoroughly decent, if a bit foppish, on social issues. One could even consider voting for him (if one lived in Whitney), except for the fact that he is utterly, unforgivably, wrong on the economy.
This was God’s gathering of “called out ones” — God’s active assembly, not man’s religious ritual. Afterwards, I went back to my dorm room and wrote these lines:
Community burnout
It was a return to another era in NYC politics at the Museum of City of New York Tuesday night when politicians, journalists and historians gathered to assess the meaning, the impact and the successes and failures of the administration of John Vliet Lindsay, 103rd Mayor of the City of New York from 1966-1973. Mayor Lindsay (or “Lindslee” as he was chided by many disaffected New Yorkers) came in brimming with ideas, energy and enthusiasm, and cadres of young activists seeking to revitalize the political scene and New York City under his leadership. The event was moderated by Sam Roberts of the New York Times (and editor of the companion volume to the new exhibit at the Museum of the City of New York, “America’s Mayor: John V. Lindsay and the Reinvention of New York.”) Roberts opened the symposium by asking to identify audience members who had worked in the Lindsay administration: a forest of hands filled the air. This lent a certain clubby quality to the event. In addition, the panel included former Congressman Major Owens, former Public Advocate Betsy Gotbaum, who held positions in the administration and Jay Kriegel, Mr. Lindsay’s Chief of Staff. They were all vocally supportive of the energy and vision of Mr. Lindsay’s mayoralty, acknowledging that the strikes and widespread political unrest were circumstances beyond his control that may have played a role in derailing many of the administration’s efforts at implementing new ideas. Jerry Kretchmer, former Manhattan Assemblyman, campaign aide to Robert F. Kennedy and environmental commissioner for the Mayor, in the audience, took umbrage with suggestions that it was a failed administration. They took risks, made many advances, but were hobbled by the political climate, the unions, and other issues beyond their control. But at least they were willing to try new things.
Pass the message of love
Instead of getting the “hot” deal, you should consider choosing a product that fits you and in which you are interested.
Eat a salad each day + no creamy dressings. (We buy a huge container of organic mixed greens at Costco every other week and eat salads quite a bit already throughout the week. This should, hopefully, be an easy goal for me to hit even with my busy schedule right now.)
Look how hunter is holding his toy.
Heat up wok, add a little vegetable oil and sauté shallots until golden brown and crispy. Add in the spaghetti and stir fry for a short while. Put in the chilly sauce, tomato sauce, salt to taste, light soya sauce and dark soya sauce. Crack the egg and add in to the mee. Fry thoroughly under high heat. Put in the beans sprout. Fry for a short while. Garnish with cucumber slices and serve.
When the oil in the fry pan is hot in just a minute or two, carefully spoon the mixture into the fry pan. The cooking mixture will begin to sizzle and in a few minutes the edges of the latkes will begin to brown. At that time, carefully turn the Latkes over with a spatula to continue to brown on the other side.
Hugs, Kisses and Hatred for the PTA.
Thanks so much for being here! Where can we find you on the web?
It’s unclear whether the ACLU will accept the judge’s offered compromise, since the six remaining commandments came from the God Who is not supposed to be mentioned on government property, even though it’s part of the universe that He created.
It was a Tuesday night and I was having a couple of beers with Paul near my place, a new guy I met through the world's friendliest planet, PlanetRomeo. When he excused himself to go to the restroom, I took the opportunity to text my friends to gossip about my "date".
3. Ladle the custard over the caramel into the ramekins filling them up to 1/4-inch from the rim. Place a kitchen towel in a deep baking dish or roasting pan and place the ramekins in 2 rows on top of the towel. Place the baking dish in the oven and using a pitcher, pour enough hot (not boiling) water into the baking dish to reach halfway up the sides of the ramekins, taking care not to get water in the ramekins. Cover the baking dish tightly with aluminum foil and bake just until the flan is set, about 30-40 minutes. When you tap the edge of the ramekin the flan should still jiggle in the center.
He is a confident, laughing, sensitive, kind, sociable little boy – supremely happy to have had his friends at his party to celebrate his birthday with him. He is becoming a leader in his own right: a child others listen to and follow (and this endorsed by his teachers, not just mom’s biased fond opinion alone).
too busy being bitter or in explanation-land about said behavior.
These cuts did not come as a surprise to the budget planners at the university. They knew that at some point, the state was going to have to cut their budget in light of the economic climate. In the 2009-2010 fiscal year, MSU planned how they would deal with the loss of their funding. The result was a two-part increase in tuition. “We wanted to put in the staggered increase necessary to sustain our revenue and to sustain the quality of the institution,” said Brent Johnston, University Management Analyst at MSU.
Grandparents should also have rights of access after separation, but where possible to have access to coincide with the Parents Contact, but above all to be there to show support, stability and continuity to very young children.
It’s a rainy April morning in Pittsburgh. If I was starting a novel that would be a boring first line, unless it was followed by this sentence: “The wet ground made it difficult to drag the body from the house to the woods without leaving tracks.”
Sometimes I feel like I have so many self-improvement plans and philosophies to abide by that I can’t abide by any of them. I really need to organize my priorities and figure out which ones mean the most to me. I have some more practical philosophies, and then some acting ones (most of which I’m pretty bad at), and then I have some ultimate, this-is-how-I-should-live-my-life-and-be-happy ones. So it’s hard to sort out. And of course, I have some old and dry philosophies that I have made habit that I really need to get rid of.
As we face this year and the years ahead, we have this confidence in the God who is the same yesterday, today and forever.
Tomorrow Crystal and I are going to Myeongdong for the fabled large ice cream and maybe another look around Forever 21 because I feel like I still need more short sleeved shirts. We might also go around Idae or Insadong. THEN we’re going to Nam San Tower (finally), which really must be seen at night. So, a busy day tomorrow. Luckily, I’m caring less and less about homework and such and so I don’t really feel the pressure of schoolwork (this is partially because I’m being to feel ready to go home and partially because the work here is really ridiculously easy). Also, I don’t think I’m going to be able to see the babies this Sunday again since this cough is staying with me. This morning I hocked up some green gunk, so that was fun. I’m hoping this thing is reaching it’s peak so I can start getting back to not buying a packet of cough drops every day.
What did we learn from all of this? Money has a way of dictating how people relate to each other. It also has a way of dictating how we relate to personal ability. Dave and I could have been ATM machines, the way we seemed to constantly engage via financial transactions: insert logic, expel cash. We didn't just do it to each other though, we did it within ourselves. How could we truly relate to our logic when it's all based around financial transactions?
I shall certainly be watching this appearance. Let us hope that Sir Roderic Lyne opens the batting on this one. Baroness Prashar of Runnymede, despite her appointment as Chairman of the Judicial Appointments Commission, is not one of the sharpest of questioners on current performance, at any rate.
Where we used to be able to focus our attention we now turn blind eyes,
I can only finish by saying how impressed I am with what Conflict on Mars! manages. For its size and apparent simplicity, it offers an extension to the game world with a long history and a vibrant present, fleshes this out with immediately useable units, scenarios and supporting elements like the weather and low gravity, and even expands the basic system through the rules for aerial combat and options for command.
Guinsoo: He hasn’t spoken a word since he appeared on the Summoner Showcase.
And if the GM doesn’t have flexibility, there is only one answer to that question: whatever the GM already had planned. And at that point, why are we playing at all?
Pretty close? Right?
Below are a selection of photos I took just before I opened.
at doing other people’s hair than my own
That you found a girl and you're married now.
Hey i tried to vote for you for both best parenting and best humor but shows i voted already the last time you asked. So i guess i cant vote just wanted to let you know that i voted already. I hope you win i love ready your blog.
I know that these cookies are in no way Canada vacations related or April’s fool related. I’ll do a post about my trip and all the food I ate soon I guess … Those cookies are really good !!! Yeah I have a thing for the combo banana, chocolate, oatmeal … I guess you got it right ? Hope you will give it a try !!
emerge from the depths of Windermere, report Paul Duncan and Peter Otway.
What a planet!
On the day it became known that Bert Jansch had died, Robert Peston, the BBC's business editor, mentioned on Radio Four's PM programme that he'd seen Jansch play, that he'd been to the gig with his wife and that he was a bit of a folkie on the quiet.
Books/movies like:
There are many options for corporate entertainment. They range from comedians to magicians. The choice will depend on what tone you want to set for the event. Comedians are a popular choice for corporate events. A comedian will loosen the attendees, give them the shared experience of laughter, and encourage a relaxed and open audience. Humor can also bring new light to the industry or profession, making fun and encouraging the audience to laugh at themselves and their common experiences. The event will be remembered as a fun occasion, and the good feelings can be transferred to the office in renewed team spirit, creativity and fresh ideas about the future.
Omiyage that David and Yuko brought for me.
I have been awarded the Liebster blog award by Cath (The Stitchin' Chicken) & Krista (Just stitching along). Thank you ladies...
The Professional package is priced at £699 and authors may use their own images or library stock art at no extra charge. All the standard services described above for the Print Ready Plus are provided, as well as design, layout, one round of proof corrections, reports and distribution.
rise again, pull again, lift the
Hello, its Emma (aka The Sparkly Fairy) and its my turn today to share my creations with you. This month we have been asked to use these very bright powders (above) to create a project for Mothers Day, St Patricks Day, Weddings or Shrove Tuesday. You can join in the challenge too and be in with a chance to win a set of 12 WOW! Embossing Powders.
As this is a process that builds on itself, be sure to have completed steps 1-4 before heading into this step. The insights you have gained over the past four steps have prepared you for this next step in the process of understanding the truth about you.
Studying perception and memory formation after very brief time exposures has a long history in psychology. Tachistscopes, for example, are an old laboratory tool for tightly controlling the timing of many respondent memory tasks. This testing approach can easily be executed online because every computer has a very accurate clock built into the processor.
This has a flavor like an IPA. The Summits give it a nice hoppy flavor, but it still hasn't dinged "tangerine" on my palate. It is pleasant whatever the case. Still, that was warm and flat. It is in the fridge now and ready for force carbonation. I have dubbed this one "Prince of Orange Pale".
* DVD Players
On my own, I've published six novels, going back to 2009.
“And you forage?”
Splash of Worcester sauce/ hendersons relish
07 Don't Ask Me Why
I remember coming back from lunch recess all hot and sweaty. Miss Kraus read Johnny Tremain to us as we laid our heads on our desk. It was a little cooler in the basement classrooms.
Of course there’s plenty of folks out there who feel that the race isn’t like it used to be before the big cats came on board. But organizers believe they’ve largely avoided the potential problem of weather-related delays that could easily mess up broadcast schedules by switching to catamarans that can sail in a wide range of conditions. Races have been shortened to better fit into TV time slots and will be sailed close to shore.
Location Address:
For my card I decided to use the sweet Isabella and I coloured her with my promarkers using a colour combo of pink and purple, finishing with some glitter stickles on her lovely wings.
Philip – YES
Achey at the thought that the next time all us girls get together again, Donna will not be with us. Oh, I know she'll be there in spirit. Her energy will surround us.
Well actually, I guess the problem isn’t social at all, is it?
AVER - American Veterans for Equal Rights
Honey, Twilight & Cocoa ink
From the banned 1950s horror comics that Dr. Fredric Wertham of the U.S. Senate and mothers didn't want innocent children to devour comes a terrifying and timely anthology of comics of the undead... Zombies. These gruesome mini-masterpieces are hauntingly delineated by some of the Golden Age''s greatest artists: Jack Cole, Bob Powell, Howard Nostrand, Wally Wood, Gene Colan, Lou Cameron, Reed Crandall, and others at their very best. The nightmarish scripts of the unstoppable living dead will make your spine freeze over in terror!
The new campaign launches this weekend, and it's based on the idea of slowing things down. I'm not yet convinced by this as a strategy for a mainstream premium lager - it feels more like ale or stout territory. But as this is what I used to do for a living, I can take a decent stab at post-rationalising how they got here.
LIBERTY
Last week it really hit me. Many ways really. After the meeting with my friend, there was an opportunity to make some food (again) for the football team.
Feel-good, fun & cute!
It’s as if the world has woken up from a trippy REM state and discovered it had been Tangoed. I’m all for shedding the funeral black come spring (no, actually that’s a lie) but the catwalk’s recent catarrh of colour is giving me a headache. Call me a fashion heretic (or worse yet, Celine) but I like my palette low-fi. Granted I make up for it in bringing five kilogrammes of jewellery with me on summer holidays but that’s another rant.
When I had read the newspaper accounting of the weather I had wanted to break out in the song from Annie ....
2011 winner Sebastian Vettel (Red Bull Racing) 66 laps in 1hr 39m03.301s (186.020km/h)
If you are by nature a weaver and synthesizer, your temperament may better suit you to seek inspiration from study and practice with a diversity of traditions. Seek to find the common heart and core around which they come together, and appreciate how each contributes to deepening your wisdom and love, and to strengthening your faith.
Shoes: Spada
4. Private companies would not be required to remove identifying information from data they share with the government. Private information could be shared not only with civilian but with military authorities. Given the deference that courts generally show to invocations of national security interests by entities associated with the military, this makes the risks of privacy invasions even more severe. Any information shared under a new legislative framework should go to a civilian rather than a military agency.
He was relatively well-supplied. I found two handguns, two rifles – an AK-47 and Remington bolt-action – a sawed off shotgun and several rounds of ammunition for every firearm. He had a nice backpack packed like a bug-out bag. He had food and water and medical supplies. There was a pretty nice tent in the back of the truck, a couple tarps …. This was not a guy out for a short drive.
Right. I probably should have mentioned the eating bit. But I won’t, if you don’t mind, mention that bit. Yeah, I know, that puts a whole different complexion on everything. Especially since Alice is vegetarian. Is this all starting to ring bells now? Let me remind you:
And to all of you, my most lovely readers, may 2012 be filled that laughter too!
Lexi- "Mom, Landen just hit me"
If pressure can’t be found up front, passing situations could become quite a task as the Bulldogs have a difficult challenge of finding new replacements for three open spots vacated by some key names from the 2001 squad. Both interception leaders are gone. Only one cornerback, Bruce Thornton, dots the roster with any real playing experience. The corners should be fine if Decory Bryant can continue as a solid cover man. This area has to be one of the biggest mysteries facing the relatively new coaching staff. If the Bulldogs are going to have any success at competing with the SEC frontrunners, this unit will need to learn quickly. Claiming the backfield does not possess any talent may not be suitable; there is just no starting experience.
So I was up in Cleveland this past weekend with some friends that I grew up with in the hood and a buddy of mine was discussing about how everything he does in his life, he couldn’t imagine going into it without his cell phone. At the time when he said that it made me think, in actuality what did adults in the 22 to 30 demographic do with their life, we have become so involved with our phone that it is insane
We must rediscover the power of ridicule, the lampoon brought down the Bourbon kings and the Romanov tzars. In our own time, mockery became Sarah Palin's greatest liability, but it, could have done the same to Obama had the Right known how to deploy it, sadly we didn't.
And all the reasons she should not.
best guitarist I could possibly have. It was a bit of game at first!
I'm thinking of having just one layer of blue between each flower, since my flowers are so big. They are 16 inches! My hexies are 3 1/2 inches. How many flowers should I make? Should I make 12 and have six on top and six on the bottom? I have "extras" that were left over after doing a set of colors, like 3 purples which is not enough for more flowers, a lot of neutrals, and some of every color. I was thinking of using them to make a single line border (around the quilt) of all the hexies with the colors all mixed together, and then a border of blue hexies, before finishing it off. I have another purple that came with theses batiks that i can cut if needed. What do you think? I have no idea what I'm doing and am just making it up as I go. Any suggestions are welcomed. I'm also not sure how to add the border, do I just cut the sides to make them even after stitching or do I cut the blues in half before stitching them on?
I recently had another negative revelation, one that was slow in coming because of where I fit in the historical timeline. A colleague who is a famous sideshow artist saw it long before I did, and is pretty outspoken about it. It’s that Letterman’s detachment and irony are actually hostile and harmful to the variety arts I happen to cherish. Mostly because I hadn’t watched the show for a couple of decades I had forgotten about this. I mostly remember Letterman as somebody who helped revive interest in old school show biz…his sensibility was about bringing all sorts of American freaks before the cameras. What I had forgotten was the extent to which he makes fun of them. He doesn’t celebrate them; he makes comedy at their expense. Not along ago I wrote profiles of most of the variety performers who’ve played in my American Vaudeville Theatre. Many of them have Letterman credits. And when I played their clips, I found myself shocked at the lack of respect Letterman’s program showed to artists I admire a great deal. Ultimately Letterman has that Baby Boomer perspective that ridicules the very idea of performers like ventriloquists, rope twirlers, magicians, and so forth as corny, apparently. He is so out of touch now that he has virtually no idea that such performers are vastly hipper than he is. Seems to me there’s a niche there. There oughtta be some space for it on yer television.
- Will Rogers
Legalized same-sex marriage exists in just eight states and the District of Columbia. In purely political terms, the swing states Obama needs for reelection—Ohio, Virginia, Colorado, and Florida—have all banned gay marriage. Now add North Carolina.
Sleep is something you much have learned from your mama - there are nights you sleep 15+ hours! You won't go without a bink and Sebastian the seahorse. Makes me nervous. When you're tired you will pick up a bink or cry at the crib, then lie down in the middle of the floor.
Seeing a lot of my introverted self in the quiet, antisocial, enigmatic character Lisbeth Salander, this last excerpt stood my neck hairs on end. I became distracted again as I reflected back upon my latest romantic moment.
“The racial targets that are being imposed on the faculty are excluding numerous white students and limiting their right to choose a career.”
mmmmm..... i wonder what she has planned for us all.......
he kept on traveling around the globe
I do need a fourth light I found. The above photo has the ceiling light on (replaced the incandescent). I was not sure if that glare was going to be too much so tried a few shots without it on, just the side lights, as below.
Alexander Vince
Interestingly enough these uncanny threats are all given reasonably rational explanations - very unlikely explanations but non-supernatural. There’s some delightful technobabble here.
While on the subject of COSON, its Acting General Manager Chinedu Angus Chukwuji, has embarked on a postgraduate programme in Intellectual Property Law at the African University Mutare, Zimbabwe.
They say writers are leeches who excerpt everyone's grief -- even their own -- for their own devices.
eat beans again - unless you want to.'
This is by far my favie. There has rarely been a time in my life when something bad has happened, (like walking in caca, or dealing with language and cultural barriers), when I've not wanted to say "Ohhhhh Putaaaaaiiiin". It's my go-to, and I highly recommend.
Gotta be mean, gotta act nice
She collected lots of white ironstone...
In our home, we have a cupboard. Nothing extraordinary there?
"A catechism with unctuous Solomon-like language the words of which rise gently like a dove chirp! chirp! to the regions of pathos and thunder-like aspects."
27.) I Passed 26 Of My Own Bills In One Year - NOT EXACTLY, they were
It’s called a profit margin.
And that’s the key. Though we as Christians know that our lives here on earth are but a tiny speck in the unending, incomprehensible enormity and joy of eternity, we are still trapped in these temporal, decaying bodies. If we don’t stay vigilant and focused, our everyday existence will overwhelm the reality of what lies ahead. Today then becomes the measuring stick of our lives, and somehow we all come up short. The “twilight we longed for” bears little resemblance to the actual final years of our life on earth, and that can prove to be a great tragedy.
So after the braiding is done, you need to lay things out to sew. Here are the ends of the scarf. You have a braid (1), a solid piece (2), and a braid (3) and that same thing on the other end (4, 5, 6). With all the braiding, the solid piece ends up being longer than the braided pieces. That's okay. You can snip that off because you'll need it later.
There are some nice performances, especially from James Woods, but for a controversial rape / revenge drama check out the recent remake of I Spit On Your Grave (see review elsewhere here).
8. Maybe This Time
…people from black or minority ethnic communities suffered 49,000 violent attacks, with 4,000 being wounded. The number of violent attacks against whites reached 77,000, while the number of white people who reported being wounded was five times the number of black and minority ethnic victims at 20,000.
you’d think because I considered myself an artist
“You’ve sprinkled chilli powder on the floor of your balcony?” I asked.
So, why is my internet angry? I’m not a military wife, and I wasn’t a mother during my teenage years. But I know many people in both groups, and they’re pissed.
Whatever one’s stance on the merits of celebrity activism, one cannot ignore the fact that famous people such as George Clooney, Angelina Jolie or U2’s Bono have made a valuable contribution to raising awareness of pressing issues, especially poverty reduction, debt relief, refugee assistance and human rights violations. Of course with celebrity activism comes the risk of oversimplifying complex issues or encouraging emotional narratives that clash with the realities of policy formulation / implementation. However, one cannot deny that celebrity involvement in non-profit advocacy has lead to a demonstrably better mobilization of public opinion and a facilitated access to decision-makers compared with what the average activist/NGO could hope to achieve.
We would like to extend a hearty congratulations to blog member Felix Fox on winning the Welcome to the Otherworld contest! We will have some Otherworld goodies for you! Just contact me at: jeff@architectsofwar.com to get me your contact information.
Where else can you go from this:
Farmer #1: Whoa! That’s some pretty scary stuff about owning all the seeds.
Let's not forget the salads, hams and breads. And of course, beer, cider and champagne.
Don't get me wrong, I'm not a feeble woman who can't go anywhere without her husband! In fact anyone who knew me before I met the man of my dreams back in 2005 will laugh at the very idea. I was the most independent, single-minded woman alive who laughed at romantic couples, mocked people who referred to their "other half" and had no intention whatsoever of succumbing to what old Frank Sinatra referred to as "the tender trap". That was before I fell in love. Since then, Mr B and I spend every available moment together (given that he works very hard and very long hours during the week) and we've had some wonderful times travelling all over the country and abroad on Stonewylde events.
One of the most neglectful aspects of this tosh so far as been to fail to cover one of the more exciting cooking lagers available to the British cooking lager enthusiast and this weekend I bought a big box of it to compensate for my neglect. It is currently difficult to ascertain whether permanent inflation has hit the cooking lager market bumping up the prices of lovely grog or whether we are stuck in the wilderness between Christmas and Easter waiting for the next 3 for £20 offer on big boxes of cheap lout.
Your loyalty is not to me
Dry or cracked skin can be very unbearable. Not to mention the discomfort of tight red skin, it can be downright embarrassing. A container of Pacquin Plus hand & body cream will eliminate soreness, redness and help to add moisture back to dry skin.
Ashley Greene and her boyfriend, Joe Jonas, rang in 2011 at a private party last night, December 31, in Los Angeles.
It’s a daily struggle for my unit leader to NOT call me Cassie. Bless his heart. But he tries, so I forgive him whenever a “Cassie” slips out.
26All the towns of the rest of the families of the children of Kohath were ten with their grass-lands.
"Oh, no, no, no, they are the same thing. They are the very same thing. People see what they want to see and hear what they want to hear."
The man at the Auto-Body-Repair Shop said he'd lend me a courtesy car, and so he did. It was quite a nice car in some ways, apart from the rattles, the rust and the black smoke, but it was very small and had a ridiculously low bucket seat, the type that has a 6 inch ledge all round your thighs. With great difficulty I managed to manouevre myself into this ground-level driving seat, with my legs sticking horizontally forward into the well. I drove off, noticing as I did so that the car wouldn't go into second gear, and shortly afterwards, that the petrol gauge registered zero.
I was born on May 6th 1992. I have a brother who’s seven years older than me. Although the age difference is really big but it isn’t hard to connect with him. Ever since we were children, we did everything together including shopping.
Apparently, they save you a fortune on tumble dryer costs which is brilliant for me because with this weather we have here and not enough maidens, I have my dryer on far more than I should! I'm definitely going to make another set of 5 and use all 10 in each dry. Here's to saving money AND using up stash!
So. Unless a class pops up out of nowhere, it looks like I'm mostly going to be on my own. The good news, at least, is that I've discovered that there is at least one shop in Troyes that sells materials for bookbinding - paper, cardboard, cloth and leather, etc. - everything except the actual tools (presses, clamps, paper shearer, bookbinding frame, etc.). For now, I'm trying to figure out the exact minimum I can start with and good book for a guide and see where I end up. I've even found plans for building my own bookbinding frame, so that's encouraging.
As I write this with conviction, I am still waffling back and forth. Do you save only the big stuff for Him or do you give Him everything?
I'm utterly hopeless with male themed creations and really struggle to get them just right! Lucky for me we had a fantastic sponsor this fortnight that help me get my mind set on the Challenge!
had to bow for me and honour me.
The second single (Dixie 45-1043) is a classic. The flip side, Here I Am Drunk Again is a well known cover of the Autry Inman country bopper. The a-side is a monster instrumental. The intro is all Duane Eddy before moving into Link Wray and Sandy Nelson mode. Does anyone know who the guitarist is? I know a lot of the Starday stuff is Hal Harris but it doesn't sound like him to me. It packs more punch than a jackhammer and if savage rock 'n' roll is your bag, you'll love it.
TM 10 - Double-Edge
Have you ever looked over a pools rim,
“Nerve, character, an ability to perform in a white-hot atmosphere, refereeing decisions and, yes, luck on the night will all play a part in this massive match. Just sit back and watch it unfold with us. This is as big as they come.” Ian Darke, a commentator for ESPN, wasn’t underestimating the significance of this match. According to NYTimes.com, what was called the “most anticipated match in Premier League history” was broadcasted to over 650 million homes in 203 territories. After about 95 minutes, the match of the year ended in a 1-0 win by the home team, Manchester City.
Mix cream cheese and SPLENDA® Granulated Sweetener together until smooth. Add eggs, one at a time, scraping the sides of the bowl, and mixing well after each addition. Add sour cream and extracts; mix well. Pour over prepared crust.
Carrie is very picky about the products she endorses, which is why you most likely won’t see a Carrie perfume. Carrie said her big gripe about making her own perfume is that it just doesn’t sound appealing. “I really don’t know if I would do the whole fragrance thing cause I don’t know… I don’t want to smell like anybody else, you go to like Walgreens or whatever and you just see everybody (laughs), so that one’s not quite for me. If people walked up to me smelling like me it might weird me out.”
For those of you who have seen the website, you know how rude people tend to be on here. I didn't realize how rude people were until a friend of my alerted me to the fact that they were saying things about me posting pictures of my Eli on my FB. The link below goes to the thread in which they talk about my baby. How dare people call pictures of my son disgusting, disturbing and say they will haunt them forever b/c of the discoloration of his skin: THEY ARE INFANT BRUISES!!!
Sure, it’s partite in this sense but I do not see how one can posit what you have here stated and come out with the sense necessarily for the Witness view of the kingdom.
I’m more in love with him every day. This change in my life has been so uplifting that I am able to really see the good things that I have, and one of them if my boyfriend. I am happier than I have ever been (with him, but also with my life in general).
Earlier in this post, I mentioned several things that people have to do in order to work a traditional job. That got me thinking: how much of what a traditional family does is related solely to the fact that their kids are in schools?
I backed up another officer responding to an incessantly barking dog. When I arrived, a neighbor with keys to the dog owner's house came over and put the dog inside. This neighbor, however, had locked herself out of her own house and was trying for the past few hours to get in. She had two little boys with her about 5 and 3 years old. The 5 year old was still wearing his Superman pajamas and stared at me with wide admiring eyes while I worked on prying open a screen from a backyard window.
2)The race goes through 1 of the nicest areas of downtown Houston
And we are worried about reforming a generation that is already mostly lost to us? Well, I won’t argue that too seriously. No stone should be left unturned. But we put so much of our resources and efforts into unlocking doors that have already been shut against us while we studiously ignore the doors that are still open. How can we squander our slim opportunity to make a vital intercession in the next generation of potential arts lovers?…. Just WHAT are we thinking? Isn’t the key to hold onto the kids who already swim the seas of creativity before life beats it out of them? Isn’t that our best shot?
"No, Sir," I whispered, not sure if I was more excited or terrified.
MPs can also help their constituents with problems such as bizarre tax bills that the HMRC won’t admit are wrong, or problems with hospitals or immigration. They can do this by making private enquiries or by raising the problem publicly in the House of Commons.
Lit by the last of the sun—
It’s not a philosophy.
The GOP want an elitist society run by the haves, and can't be bothered with looking at the bottom of their shoes to the fate of the have-nots.
That grows on fields where valor led,
Meanwhile in the last General Election Labour ruthlessly deployed the politics of fascism to win popular votes and approval. Using the ‘Woolas’ model they placed the politics of religious identity at the centre of public debate, in the same opportunist way that Jorg Haider's Freedom Party did in Austria and Pim Fortuyn's List Party had previously done in Holland. Geert Wilders went on to take the hate to new levels. The fire of Islamophobia rages across Europe today. Control orders, the use of secret evidence, tougher anti-terror laws - all aimed at the Muslim communities - came to define the Labour government's role in the ill-conceived War on Terror.
She trailed off, trying to remember what she was supposed to say next.
From the boughs of the gnarled old oak tree across the street, Windracer watched her enemy fall to the grass where he thrashed about and clawed at his throat. At last he grew still and victory was hers.
*Grape coloring pages - http://www.coloring.ws/fruit3.htm - might be fun to cut out circle pictures of family and friends to put on the grapes as a reminder of who we are to be kind too.
I will be sharing some of my daily experiences with you on this blog and talking about life in a professional Test Kitchen.I`m excited for this new chapter - nothing makes me happier than spending my work hours creating recipes, writing about food and talking about today's relevant food-related issues. I hope you will be joining me on this culinary journey!
I understand that conversations with your friends about the game last night or “she said this and like…like…like…” is really important to you but could you avoid blocking entrance ways and pathways? I’d like to get to my friends to have those same conversations too.
I have slowed down with Al-Anon a bit but I don't plan on stopping altogether. I hope to at least get to a meeting once a month. I don't read my books that often now but I do believe I live it. I hope so. I was having a bit of trouble with separating from someone that wasn't good for me. I found that I would sometimes misinterpret the be kind, accept people for who they are, kind of Al-Anon type teaching and let myself be mistreated. My misinterpretation I am sure. My girlfriend had the same problem and felt she should stay with her husband when she really shouldn't. She would get pretty confused after reading Courage To Change.
So what is left for policy makers to work with post Regional Spatial Strategies? Well the Coalition Government has created Enterprise Zones (announced in the March 2011 Budget and offering discounts in business rates, simplification of the planning system, superfast broadband, enhanced capital allowances for firms that focus on high value manufacturing, use of Tax Incremental Finance and support from UK Trade and Investment for inward investment and trade opportunities). In this global market place we need to compete internationally and other countries offer similar incentives for firms to locate. National and local support for business is vital to help them set-up, grow, access finance, innovate, network, train workers, export and compete in the global market place. Enhancing the regional skills base is critical and further support for education was mentioned in the Budget in the form of funding for work experience places, apprenticeships and the expansion of University Technical Colleges. Incentives to business and investment in education are essential to sustain growth of an economy, help the environment and rebalance wealth from the overcrowded regions within our nation.
Bruce W. Longenecker, 2 Esdras, Guides to Apocrypha and Pseudepigrapha (Sheffield: Sheffield Academic Press, 1995).
I have SO much going on - last week on Wednesday, we got our first foster doggie in, his name is 'Appleton'
The very first recorded set of lyrics actually came from the first studio session. The very earliest live version that we even know of is from June 16, 1979, when they played at The Odeon in Canterbury. Unfortunately, that concert was not recorded (as far as I know). The song was actually as early as June 1979. Funny, given how much later the 'Closer' version was. Very fitting, considering their differences.
Us: We love to sit and watch nature too, not sure that we could do it for 72 hours though. You’ve been all over the world, what has been your favorite place and where are you headed next?
So even with a 45% drop in high sec mining, it is still the place where most of the ore is harvested. High sec accounts for nearly double the ore as the rest of space, even with Hulkageddon in full forces.
F- Forever
2010.08.06 Iraq Baghdad 2 13 Two civilians are blown to bits by Jihadi bombers.
But take a trip back out to the desert. Turn up the volume and feel these songs. While I’ve tried to focus on the music here, there’s interesting stuff to read about the title (they considered The Desert Songs and The Two Americas as working titles), the cover art and photo shoot (photographer Anton Corbijn was lucky to find what he was looking for: a single Joshua Tree, though they are usually found in groups), as well as the recording and production by Daniel Lanois and Brian Eno.
If you know champagne is French, you may be farther ahead than you realize. The rest is a simple matter of getting educated. Quickly. So, let's take you back in time to just before Thanksgiving 2011 -- like today, maybe. Sit up straight and pay attention.
I'm all ears!!!
Paper: Raspberry Fizz, Basic Black, Basic Grey, Pretty In Pink, White
“Sore throats, voice loss and breathlessness were the most common conditions reported, with one in ten saying their work is suffering due to stress placed on their vocal cords.”
SAMPLE ANSWER: Some public purposes of marriage are i) to force moral constraints on sexual activity, ii) to produce the next generation of humans, iii) to provide children with a stable, loving environment in which to grow up. Three threats to marriage are i) cohabitation, ii) no-fault divorce – which leads to fatherlessness, and iii) same-sex marriage. There are others, too. For legislation, there are things like tax incentives, shared parenting laws, school choice to de-monopolize politicized public schools, etc. Pre-marriage behaviors are things like chastity, experience with children, having lots of savings, being physically fit, etc. Having a degree in experimental science, math or economics is excellent for a woman. Avoid artsy degrees, especially English.
I've never used golden syrup, so I had to take a taste. Amazing! It has a roasty, toasty caramel flavor. Don't cheat and use corn syrup!!
I came to The Robert Shaw Chorale through their Christmas recordings. When I saw this record at the thrift shop, in good condition inside and out, I picked it up. It is not on CD.
Catelynn: "Okay, mom."
Check out the links below for Fatty Gets A Stylist:
Not only did I learn useful real world stuff, I got a few ideas for my characters and story from this encounter. Serendipity is a wondrous thing.
Tell me something about the songs and artwork of the album, and about your deal with DARK DESCENT!
Will: we need to do more research on marijuana
Oct 31 – Jillians – Las Vegas, NV (W/Cobra Starship)
"Many children nowadays can happily watch bloodcurdling scenes on TV, yet would scream with horror if one of my favorite childhood dishes, roast stuffed heart, was put on the table for dinner! This makes a substantial and delicious supper." So step out of the box on a weekday night and make a roasted and stuffed beef heart. You might be strangely surprised at just how delicious it is. Join in helping to bring back centuries of cooking tradition that have been lost in this modern world.
The only thing observed so far :
But that’s not the problem. It’s not that I didn’t want to write. I just didn’t want to share it. And after months of trying to crack the code, I finally nailed it, thanks to my dear friend Tricia’s amazing blog about her trip traversing the Grand Canyon. It’s a fabulous read, and it made me realize what I’ve been missing: a sense of accomplishment. Tricia’s post is so triumphant and invigorating, and I’ve been so overwhelmed the past few months with textbook hallmarks of depression: feelings of worthlessness, malaise, raincloud over head that is cured when playing with a kitten or a toddler (that’s what the commercials tell me, anyway). It’s been a rough patch, make no mistake. From May to July, it was like the Universe’s Greatest “Fuck You” Hits was on a loop. I won’t go into the gory details, but suffice it to say that from family to money to health to money to career to money to family again, it was just a little too much for my brainpan to bear. Hence, the rock bottom-ness of the past few months.
Tuesday, 10 April: Dave Foxon (43), manager of the Umbhaba Lodge near Hazyview, was shot dead in front of his pregnant wife and two children.
The idea behind the blog is simple: take an old picture, go to the place where it was taken, line it up to against the frame of the location, and take another picture. You then get a picture of a picture, only this one carries a bit more weight with the now apparent passage of time.
“No can do little buddy, I got myself an appointment with Miller.”
and mail your check to:
This is what I had in mind:
Big On Christmas w G $8.00
Quotation and photograph from The Gardens of Provence and the French Riviera by Michel Racine, Ernest J-P Boursier-Mougenot and Françoise Binet. The MIT Press, 1987.
There were moments throughout the day, I couldn’t just sit there and relax… I should be doing something, right? Spend this fee time wisely! Throw in a yoga session, wash the windows, start Christmas shopping, write letters to relatives who don’t email, find someone so I am not alone. And then it passed. Quickly.
Forbidden: published 2010 by Definitions
The rising price of cost of goods sold can be explained by the augmenting cost of commodity prices world-wide. However, as demonstrated in the graph below, Coca-Cola stock is riding a positive trend. Investors still have faith that the company will still generate enough of a profit, particularly the economy showing distinct signs of life (the Dow hit a 4-year high today), bolstered by strong manufacturing and consumer reports, to account for the rising price of sugar.
and then all over again.
When we are at zero, we have to start somewhere, and perhaps the sanest, best, and surest place to start is with the eye of the beholder. We are in a certain place at a certain time and we feel a certain way about it. Let’s start here. That means put the pen to the page and write about the exact moment and place where you find yourself. Take an inventory of what surrounds you and what you feel about that. This is a starting-off place.
Hair - 1.25 inch circle and 1/2 inch circle
Each is an individual character – I can remember one we called Christine wrestling with my Mother’s needles while she was knitting and another, Micky, who liked to pick up objects on the table and drop them over the side then wait expectantly for me to put the object back on the table so that he could repeat the process!
It’s Spring, my Love.
D was a bit reluctant about going to school today but the chilly school run had her almost rushing into the classroom. She blamed me for being cold so there was no goodbye hug, nothing! Thanks D! At least she was in, I guess.
Here's the first sneak:
All photography by Meakin Hoffer
People buy things from people that they like. The important thing here is to understand the target demographic. A select number of people might like an author who is ironic. Other readers will like an underdog. Some will be looking for admirable virtues. A bio that makes potential readers like the author can make the difference between carry-on-browsing and click-to-purchase.
Merry Christmas to you all and a very Happy New Year… ♥
Fareda: Just what? Just materialistic? Just conceited? Or just self-centered? Pick one Anwaar for any of these things fit her perfectly. She does not care about anything as long as she has her luxuries. She won’t even care if the whole world died because of it. That’s why some of us, women, can be easily deluded by men. Some of us are too concerned about our selfish desires that we become oblivious to the reality of injustice.
How I am compensated is important to some but I believe there are other factors that affect financial success more than how a person is paid?
Back to Brandon. Unlike myself, Brandon's mom was not a model parent. The woman had no job. She and Brandon survived on Gov't assistance. But that didn't keep her home. For at night, and I do mean EVERY NIGHT she patrolled the bars up and down Amarillo Boulevard.
The stamp is made by "High Hopes" and he's been coloured in with Promarkers, the stripey backing paper is from the Angel Co, and the spotty paper from my scraps box.
HOWEVER, add a few more predators like fishermen, illegal turtle egg traders and fish bombers and so on their survival rates are decreased. Places like Pulau Lankayan move the eggs laid by the turtles into hatcheries to increase more chances of hatching as turtle eggs are targeted by humans, lizards etc, however, when the babies are released into the water it is out of the hands of hard-working conservationists.
Two days ago this exact scenario played off East of Johannesburg. A White Afrikaans woman called Jeanette Odendaal (45) went to the police station at around 20h30 to lay a charge of disturbing the peace where she lived just a few blocks down the drag at Aston Manor.
So the good mother slowly accedes to the demands of the market. She reluctantly lets the hurricane that is the childhood industrial complex engulf her child, and consequently her family, in its swirl of increasingly time intensive sports teams, music lessons, public service activities, clubs, etc. in hopes that this sacrifice will be enough for the child to snare one of those golden positions.
Whiteout were predicted for great things but there were a number of factors that prevented this. They based themselves in Scotland when everyone was in London getting attention. They were signed to Silvertone, look at their management of The Stone Roses as an example of an independent record label that was not really into indie. Lastly the album is a bit slow tempo and has too many ballads. It may seem contrived that someone who enjoys Slowdive can criticise anyone for not being up-tempo.
The good news: In the wake of complaints and criticisms hurled against him, Deputy Ombudsman Mark Jalandoni has reportedly quit his post. The bad news: He told his supporters that he’s just taking a two-week break “upang pag-isipan kung babalik pa ako sa industriyang ito.”
(Mother stops looking t her mirror and turns towards her daughters.)
This new sexual counter-revolution is bigger than America. The rhetoric of god, marriage, morality and little girls learning to keep their legs closed has crossed the pond with all the tooth-aching tenacity of a Katy Perry song. Last week, we had Baroness Warsi going to the Vatican to
I wish I could stitch while being in the passenger seat of the car, since we travelled a lot,
An estimated 90 BILLION marine animals are killed worldwide each year. Too many people don’t believe that fish and other marine animals can feel pain. Maybe it’s because they can’t scream although their struggle to live is obvious.
I admire her strength
That sounded reasonable, but what could I ask? Sonya's last name? No, it had to be something I already knew the answer to, just in case Madame Imelda answered falsely. It was Sonya's baby daughter that brought me here in the first place. I could ask something along those lines. The daughter's name, maybe? No, I didn't know that either. Wait, I could just ask the psychic if she even knew Sonya had a baby daughter.
Until, one day when Steve and I decided that we could no longer live in fear, but we had to choose hope.
I have two stories Nirvana makes me want to tell, both a bit awkward. One's funny (now), and one's painful, but they both ultimately end well. The first...well, I gave L'Ailee, the girl who would become my wife, my virginity to Nirvana. Sort of. Our relationship was long-distance, me in Orlando and her in New York. We were very young and perpetually broke, but we occasionally scraped together funds to see each other. It took us about a year to actually have sex. We discussed it before a visit, and we decided we were going to make it happen.
Whole grains, vegetables, fruits, and legumes contain no cholesterol and are low in fat, especially saturated fats. They are also high in fiber and other nutrients. Vegans say there are several plant based foods that are good sources of protein, such as beans, peanuts, and soya."
As far as the android vs. cyborg debate. I could tell the difference. And I loved Cinder’s personal android pal Iko. Iko was hilarious! By far my favorite character of the book. She was so sweet, such a good friend to Cinder. I loved that Iko was there to keep Cinder acting like a teenage girl from time to time. And to care for her in ways that the evil step-mother cliché banns the family from doing.
It's now nearly 8:30 p.m. and each pile is still as above.
So will you pray that He will finish the work and that, when it’s over, I will have an undivided heart.
He left Facebook because he was going through one of his usual moods. Most likely he realized that some of the stuff he was posting was hurtful to me, and to Slut Girlfriend’s husband. His friends were pissing him off… his children were pissing him off….
Please click on the hyperlink on the sidebar (rainbow Michigan) to visit Brian Alexander's web page: The Pittmann/Puckett Documentary.
You have the choice at any time to break this lower dimensional cycle and start a cycle of your own, a cycle that will Create based on what you truly want, not what your unhappy ego wishes you to want. At any moment, it simply takes making a real effort to feel only joy and happiness and to not let the lower and dense emotions get you ‘down’ and keep you feeding the cycle of the lower vibrations. It is much easier said than done, as we have noticed that once you are fully immersed in the cycle of unhappy Creations, it is like trying to swim to the surface of quicksand in an almost literal energetic way.
I would like to forgive what I cannot change;
1) I've just rediscovered my (mostly hormone-related) love for Enrique Iglesias. There was this episode of How I Met Your Mother on (how amazingggg is that show, anyway!?), where he made a cameo, and after fangirling with my equally Enrique-lovin' sis over him every sec he was on the screen, I couldn't believe I'd forgotten all about him for a while. All right, so it wasn't that hard to believe, but you get my flow.
1 derive
Paper is k & company and vintage sheet music. Used my Slice for the wings, the girl (both cartridge) and the cut out of "party" ( cartridge).
How to Get the Best Paper Shredder For Your Money
I know, so cute!
But after the fall of most Communist regimes in Eastern Europe, and the rise of the New Atheist movement, the definitions of terms began to change. Atheism was broadened to include disbelief in the existence of God, not just believing there is no God. See examples here:
It had just the right amount of humor to it.
Armored Snowy Gryphon – 2000 gold
Husbands
I would do it for the novelty, to earn frequent flyer incentives, or for research (an article or curiosity).
Even with all the local bands that I talk to on a regular basis, I had not heard of Liquid Blonde, one of the bands on the bill. They seemed to have characteristics like Powerman 5000 and Orgy. Their look is a little bit futuristic/punk while their sound incorporates electro type beats with heavy rock. Maybe there's a rap-rock revival on the horizon because a couple of their songs had that vibe. I just Googled them as I write this and see that their tag line is "Electro-Sci-Fi Rock Orgy" so I wasn't far off. Their drummer is jacked bigger than any of the WWE Superstars and I think they had a topless keyboardist, so there's that.
I hadn't met them in person before, but talked a lot with Catrina leading up to the shoot. I asked her how they met, how they fell in love, and how he proposed.
never wanted to be a princess.
The ladies from the department ushered the children inside and you could see they were trying to take everything in. Within about 10 minutes we had received our brief from the department and off they went and we were left standing there with three new little people in our home.
The Lady Sailors 7th and 8th Grade Track team lost by only 6 points in their meet against Lakewood yesterday. 8th Graders that placed first for the Sailors included Ashley Parker in 100 Hurdles, Annie Rossi in 200 Hurdles, Sarah Bartlome in High Jump, and Lauren Hollars in both Shot Put and Discus. Sailors that placed second in their individual events included Annie Rossi in 100 Hurdles, and the 100 Dash, Sarah Bartlome in the 400 and 200 and Catherine Schaefer in Shot Put and Discus. The Sailors have a meet agains North Ridgeville on Thursday. Good luck Sailors!
Last thursday me and Jo from goldrush popped down to Kings Road, near Sloane Square to see all the jewels at the wonderful new Azendi shop. We met up with Sarah and Lisa there who are both on our sister course at uni. Such a small world. Lisa took us around the store and showed us some fabulous jewellery. My personal favourites were the shaun leane and stephen webster jewellery and the sick twina watches (more over toy watch). We chatted, drank cocktails, got abit tipsy (drunk), had a nibble on some sushi and had a grand night. Even ronnie wood turned up to see what was going on. The store is beautiful and all jewellery looks spectacular in it. If your ever in london you should definitely venture down to 104 kings road to have a look around. Its an beautiful area.
Did you even notice? I'm hoping my husband won't either when he gets home. I can't imagine he's going to let me keep it this way for long. I already know what he's going to say "I know they say not to judge a book by it's cover but geeze!"
THE ANSWER IS DOG
Then the earth shifted. A phone call with someone close to me reminded me that not all the mothers I know were feeling quite so lucky and blessed - and that there have been moments when I didn't feel quite so positive about motherhood myself. On the same day, a note through my door informed me that my neighbour had died!
The world is a town in which people
Hour 8 (9pm)
1 elephant
Remember the BP oil spill of 2010? 4,9 million barrels of crude oil spilled into the Gulf of Mexico. And two years later, the fishing industry of Louisiana is collapsing. That is what happens when government deregulates and corporations are left to their own devices.
1425 D-V/16/2002. “The Season for Inventorying: On Ecclesiastes 3:1-8.” Lenoir-Rhyne College Hickory Humanities Forum, Wildacres Conference Center, Little Switzerland, North Carolina.
This law further prohibits a person acting under color of law, statute, ordinance, regulation or custom to willfully subject or cause to be subjected any person to different punishments, pains, or penalties, than those prescribed for punishment of citizens on account of such person being an alien or by reason of his/her color or race.
After a tumultuous past, Greta Kendall has focused mainly on her bridal shop, located on the first floor of her beloved Queen Anne Victorian near Aspen. For two years she's fought to save her house from Stephanie Harwood of Harwood Development, who is intent on razing her home to build a new mall. But now Greta's running out of time. The town council is about to approve the final plans for the mall.
Your Excellency:
23 sculptors
Please know I am grateful for you all, whether you're a regular subscriber here or you just stumbled on the blog by chance and decided to read a post or two. I am always open to your thoughts and suggestions on how to improve - what would you like to see more of? Less of? Want to suggest a band for an NW4NW post? Interested in writing a guest post? Let me know!
When you’re passionate about something, no matter what you do, you’ll always find a way to keep your heart close to it. This I’ve just experienced with architecture. I thought quitting my job to do a RTW would separate me from my profession, but now I’m more active, more related, more thoughtful, and more passionate about it than I had even been while working at an office.
flight entertainment system—contains eight compositions clocking at just under an
Side Door Man by The Grannies
1) If you want to participate in this, just email me at onefineblessing (at) yahoo (dot) com and I will add you to the mailing list.
To 2010 and all that is in store! Even amidst this recession we're all in, I wish you all a fine new year as well.
We are also running fixed price evening meals in the first half on the week. From Sundays to Wednesdays, after 6pm, it’s two main courses and a bottle of house red, white or rose wine for £26.
Still, there's big stuff happening at home, and it is happening most of all down the pit. This is Ed Gardner's first Wagner. And from the moment the lights go off and the orchestra plunges into the deep end, we plunge with them. They grab us by the throat and don't let us go for the full 135 minutes (no interval, thanks). The intensity is fabulous, both at the opera's wildest moments and its stillest; the pacing is excellent, passionate, convincing. This seemed the case after that glorious Rosenkavalier a few months back, but now there's no doubt about it: ENO is busy growing a great conductor.
Already 35 (and a half), and still self-conscious? Unfortunately, yes. I also pray for myself, to move from this self-centered and self-conscious frame of mind, into a place of genunine peace with who I am, not who I'm becoming, not who I was, but who and where I am right now. A place where doing laundry, picking up toys, wiping noses, fixing lunches, and then doing it all again the next day doesn't feel awkward. A place where I'm happy with myself and the plan that God has for me. Right now.
For me, that's a can't wait to find those label clips kind of project! Smart smart!!!
Eve stood up on stage and called Johnny up.
Love and Peace, Judy
Then, very gradually, these other people began to appear on my drawing paper, and I knew right away that they were my relatives. They were my uncles and aunts. It wasn't that they were monstrous people; it was simply that I didn't care for them when I was a child because they were rude, and because they ruined every Sunday, and because they ate all our food. They pinched us and poked us and said those tedious, boring things that grown-ups say, and my sister and my brother and I sat there in total dismay and rage. The only fun we had was later, giggling over their grotesque faces—the huge noses, the spiraling hair pouring out of the wrong places. So I know who those "wild things" are. They are my Jewish relatives.
I am the soft starlight at night.
downtown bus station
And finally CERTAINTY – They are absolutely certain people will sit up and take notice of them now.
I’ve also seen a funky drop-down menu on the front page of this site. It might be a bit pie in the sky, but if I have time I might give it a go. The next two weeks are critical for my project, and slight panic is starting to evolve into more of a major panic/paralysis situation. Time to shut out the friends, children, colleagues and bury myself in code.
Warping things up with today's 2 to 3-D ideas lets take a look at a lesson often referred to as "Common threads." I've seen this lesson done by several teachers but I think I have tracked the original idea to Bunki Kramer of Los Cerros MS. I don't know if she still teachers, but there are amazing lessons on her school website.
It's meaning is "The rash or inexperienced will attempt things that wiser people are more cautious of."
This was at 10am.
And, I once had an unfortunate encounter with a Nobel Laureate--a man whom I admired greatly. (Not a bad encounter, just unfortunate.)
"No, it's not! It's hot out! I kinda don't like summer 'cause it's so hot,"Clay informed me.
I didn’t prepare any special meal for the ENR2012, except for the above, which I’d assembled while clearing the fridge on a Wednesday morning – Somen (carbohydrate) cooked in salt water (minerals), served with freshly cracked black pepper, truffle oil (good fat) and eggs (protein).
echoes
Step 2: keep walking and keep calm, because cars adjust their route to it is important that you don’t stop or run.
1 dullards
As a hedge against the uncertainty of the diplomatic outcome planning for contingencies, including non-combatant evacuation must proceed in-stride. The idea of the U.S. physically adopting Israel is not new. Some have suggested a nation within a nation solution, where the Israeli people possess lands, the resident natural resources, and political sovereignty (personal communication from John Uldrich, 2002). Alternatively, a federal-like construct can be conceived whereby semi-autonomous Israeli communities reside aboard granted government lands, with self-governance rights resembling those afforded states. The lands could be a combination of developed areas having preexistent infrastructure such as military bases, and remote areas that would permit larger cohesive populations, but require more work and resources, such as the extensive government tracts in southern Utah. Finally, the massive assimilation of Israelis who already possess dual citizenship or have family in the U.S. will ease the difficulty initially.
She has ordered a bone scan and is moving the date of my CT scan forward. Once she has the results of those, then she will know. And once she knows, she can plan what to do.
Then there’s the fact that many cultures, ancient and young, regard the shaman of the tribe as being slightly, shall we say, not all there.
I made a small pool of crème anglaise, then placed one of the meringues in the center. I had to gently remove each merinuge from its foil cup wrapper and allow the goop to drip off before inverting it onto the dish. I bypassyed the step of using a round cutter to make it more of a cylinder instead of the shape of the cupcake liner I made them in. I'd gotten this far and was pleased with the results, I didn't want to risk the meringues imploding or falling apart during that step. Because you know that totally would have happened, and I am sick and tired of sucking at desserts, so I kept on going with what I knew I could do for a first-timer.
turn the page to your next adventure
Relapse" which presented domesticity as a prison that drives women
“Yeah,” she mumbled with a roll of her eyes as the waiter approached their table and put on it her usual.
He discovered the plant in the wilderness in 1828
Later in the same Psalm it says this: This is my comfort in my misery, Your word gave me new life. Now if that don’t get your blood pumping, nothing will. Too often we focus on the negative and think of all that we have done wrong. Sure there is plenty, since compared to God, our best is like filth. But God’s promise is forgiveness to those who ask. This is total forgiveness of any and all that we ask for. He promises new life and new beginnings. If you have never received forgiveness and salvation, you ask and get a new start. My favorite verse in the Bible is this one: 2 Corinthians 5:17 Therefore if any man be in Christ, he is a new creature: old things are passed away; behold, all things are become new. What an amazing offer, a new start in exchange for total screw ups!
everything isn't worth it!
Pour continuer sur le thème de Noël, voici enfin le bloc 6 du quilt de Lynette Anderson " Christmas Fun" :
That is the crown of it that means those who are thinking that maybe one day I will grow less, they are wasting their time.
How interesting that merely three days into this experiment, I have come upon an opportunity to apply what I'm learning. We had a minor incident in the neighborhood. You know, the kind that neighborhoods always have. And it's not the first time we've had a problem with this particular family. I feel perfectly justified in my emotions towards them. The little boy was mean. I don't like the parents. I don't like the way they handled things the last time, and I don't like how it's being handled now. Surely, I can puff my chest out in righteous indignation and feel superior. Seriously, I'm that sure I'm right about all this.
Where do you stand on the Moffatt/Gatiss vs Ritchie issue? Or Cumberbatch/Downey Jr one? (Or even Freeman/Law if you like)
They need to see ‘robust documentary evidence to back the claims and a clear explanation from you of its relevance and why you think it substantiates the claims. It is not enough to send references to or abstracts of documents and papers without sending the reports in full and specifically highlighting the relevant parts explaining why they are relevant to the matter in hand’.
In 73, the arrival of Amitabh Bachchan changed much in Indian cinema. A few things for the better, a few things for the worse.
But it was the larger than life presence of Madea that was truly delightful and tightened up laugh muscles I hadn’t used since Madea made her last on-screen appearance in Madea’s Family Reunion. Since there’s always room for improvement and I assume everyone believes that—including the proven successful Tyler Perry, I decided to enjoy Tyler’s intended purpose of the film--to make people laugh, and laugh I did- and out loud too—many times--with no restrictions.
WW: It was honest at least! In the couple of years since I’ve been following your blog, you’ve written a highly acclaimed YA novel, a How to Write book, a guide to Twitter, Write a Great Synopsis book and republished your first YA novel. Wow, respect for all that! What’s coming next?
Min 7: “This blog will never be freshly pressed. SWEET MOTHER WILL NEVER BE FRESHLY PRESSED BECAUSE GOD AND THE WESTBORO BAPTIST CHURCH HATE ME.”
His loneliness now has a possible cure but no matter how hard he tries he doesn't seem to be able to make that connection with her that he so longs for. So the book is in part a meditation on love, loneliness and desire, but near its end, when the reader is more aware of what exactly is going on, Casares takes his themes even further returning to something our convict had been theorising about as he sat in the dock during his trial.
Looking forward to the slew of holidays (Haloween, Thanksgiving, Christmas, New Years) that are coming up sooner than expected.
All I aim for each night I gig is that I learn something from the experience, even if nobody else does.
Paul Billy Tinong Mbah s/o Tezock & Grace Mbah
Here I am again, believing with all my heart that I'm about to have a baby; one that I get to keep. I just hope that this time, I'm right.
Here is how the space started: dark and skank.
so that made us feel better.
This is where I test if I’m as resilient a writer as I am a skater. Knock me down, I’ll keep getting right back up until you break both my knees. It’s Jam 1. Let’s go:
OK, maybe not. But I will eat there. Often. And I will be deeply grateful.
**The mixture will thicken as it cools. One method to test thickness of jelly is to drop a little onto a very cold surface. If the jelly does not run, then it is thick enough).
How are other councils counting? Are they all centralising on Friday or will some results become available on Thursday night / the early hours of Friday morning?
You've been asking for lamb pictures and I've been trying to get them, but honestly these lambs are still in high overdrive mode and most of my photos end up being blurrrrrrrs as they race from place to place. I just happened to get this shot of one of Carley's boys sleeping soundly in a feed pan. He did this for several days! He's just a day or so old here - you can see he still had his tail at that point.
the impact; now think of the tide-swell,
Firstly, because in my years of teaching experience, nothing excited reluctant readers as much as Harry. Children who would ordinarily have baulked at reading read him. Then they went on to read other fantasy; Narnia, Diana Wynne Jones, Eva Ibbotson, Jenny Nimmo's Snow Spider trilogy, Susan Cooper's The Dark is Rising series and Philip Pullman.
Happy Drinking!
Inside, the bar is a fusion of neon beer signs, tinted lights, and cigarette smoke. The booths are like something from the 1950s.
We have had him for a week, and he is nine weeks old. he seems to have only two “settings”, so to speak. His “sleep” setting, and his “play with ALL the things” setting. I prefer the sleep one, as it contains less painful claws.
Competitor Group is the group that puts on the Rock’n'Roll (RnR) race series that does marathons and half marathons all over the country. And a 10K in New York City.
Even a six-year-old understands that anybody would gets skewered by this process, either had a spontaneous cure or otherwise the diagnose was completely wrong.
And no, we are not tossing it.
Advantages of Resource planning and scheduling are many. Efficient Resource planning & scheduling leads to development of systems which makes a job easier. It makes the organization more effective by re-alignment of traditional working practices. Resource planning efficiently accomplishes organizational goals and empowers your organization to meet deadlines, in addition to safeguarding profitability.
do you recall this dresser from marion at miss mustard seed designs? i sought out a photo of it this week for inspiration when i decided that i wanted to reveal some of laverne's gorgeous wood inlay and details.
Come my friend,
Tourist Destinations Guidefor All Inclusive Vacation in India
If you were to attempt to make a gripping drama about the day-to-day struggles that come with living at an SS run concentration camp during the Great Patriotic War, how would you start things off? Some might open on a small patch of flowers flourishing next to an electrified fence–you know, try to capture the dichotomy between the beauty of nature and the scourge that is manufactured oppression. Others might cut to the chase and opt for a closeup shot of a swastika flag gently flapping in the midday sun. Well, the director of the justifiably infamous Ilsa: She Wolf of the SS doesn't care what you think, as he has decided that a side view shot of some mild commandant straddling followed by some not-so mild castration is the best way kick off your concentration camp movie. Right then and there, you know this film isn't going to about illuminating the populace about the ills of Nazism, a discredited movement whose sole appeal was that they had cooler uniforms than their drab enemies. Particularly Karl Diebitsch and Walter Heck's all-black SS uniform, manufactured by Hugo Boss. Utilizing the well-worn: titillate then repulse method of exploitation filmmaking, director Don Edmonds (Tender Loving Care) seems to revel in causing your aroused feelings to quickly turn into one's of revulsion and disgust. Having us cheering on a man's genitals to plunge as far as they can vaginally go one minute, only to have us wincing uncontrollably a mere ten seconds later when those very genitals are unceremoniously removed without even as much as a half-hearted auf Wiedersehen was a tad jarring.
Yet, the notion of ‘object’, which I use advisedly, should alert us to the problems inherent in the crowd’s reaction, as should the complex irony and duality at the heart of Mersault, especially in the later scenes.
And this looks like a good place to stop, though I intended to be much further advanced. If I'm writing, and a man comes to the door who doesn't look like the parcel man and has PORLOCK on his van or shirt pocket, shoot him. He once before wrecked the completion of what was going to be one of the best
Now that those things are out of the way...
These also can be used to make sandwiches, or filled with a filling of your choice, rolled and covered in a sauce then baked as a casserole.
That's it...2 seconds and now you're open to the wonderful world of blogging.
It’s a very important factor to make an effort & work prolonged, very hard hours to create a prosperous enterprise however it’s a different kettle of fish if you are not commercially insured.
1-1/2 cups white rum
And no, we do not have groupies that follow us at every concert (well, except friends) because they don't let us fuck them (or to be more delicate, have sex with them). Yes, girls, in order to be a groupie you actually have to be able to fuck the band mates in a succesive order, as much as possible and as fast as possible, without complaining. This is how you get the job, God damn it, this IS your job. I should know.
Hello my little ginger snaps! As some of you may know if you’ve been reading my blog, I’m going down to Florida in a few day’s for spring break. I have been acting like a kid on Christmas eve for the past week just awaiting that beautiful coach bus to come pick me up with 40 other students who will all most likely be completely smashed within the first hour of our 24 hour trip…anyway.
I weirdly love that the cabinets are high gloss gray! And, that thick counter slab. Is it marble or some type of composite? I can't tell. Does anyone know?
If you missed the blog hop on Friday, there is still time to join in! A fun collaboration between The Rubber Cafe and Really Reasonable Ribbon. Click here for all the details!
(Auld Ayr, wham ne'er a town surpasses
How did the Court derive this supposedly well-established triple exclusion? First, the "phenomena of nature" exclusion comes from decisions such as the 1948 Funk case. But the Court makes no attempt to explain how a natural phenemenon exclusion relates to the algorithm claims in question. If a newly created algorithm is a "phenomenon of nature," so must be all human inventive activity. That cannot be true. Humans are indeed "part of nature," but there could be no patent system if all human inventions are phenomena of nature.
In the bivouac of Life,
No powder flash blinded the eye, no deathly thunder sound
1 tbsp raw cashews and raisins
It's funny what a person will proclaim they are, until they aren't. I remember exclaiming to no one in particular, back when I was only four feet tall and a facetious age, that Snickers bars were God's gift to children (and cavity anti-prevention) and that I would be loyal and true till death do us part. Well, Snickers is still alive and kicking, but at age 23 or 24 I discovered what real chocolate was, and it certainly does not involve an Iowa corn farmer, flavorings that require a focus group or laboratory produced colors with a number for a name. You'd think chocolate would be brown because, its um, chocolate. But the same fickle tendencies can be said about die hard vegans. When Thanksgiving rolls around and the dense autumn aroma is an inescapable fog, you might find yogi skinny-peachy-faced Lucy upstairs in the dark musky attic huddling over a plate of crusted lamb shanks. I do believe in being humane and all that good stuff, but I say we all take it down a notch and not take life so seriously.
“Sorry. I have looked forward to this moment for a long time. My father meant everything to me as I know he did to many of you. He was a good wise man and strong leader. He was always willing to help those in need, Be them mutant or human. I wont to be that to all of you. Not only your leader but your friend. I want you to feel comfortable coming to me, no mater what your concerns may be. I can only hope I do my father’s memory proud, that I do all of you proud. Helix has always been important to me, every member like family. Especially after my father’s death when many of you were there for me and my mother, and for me after her passing.” I fight back tears, but have to wipe my eyes. Those who knew my parents well, bow their heads in sorrow.
The rest of the funeral pre-arrangement meeting went well….even though I laughed at precisely the wrong moments. Every. Time.
Social is interaction. And true empathy.
Before we got our blast of arctic air, I took advantage of the nice weather in Central Texas on Monday to do a photo shoot on our back porch. I hope to make the porch look inviting so we've moved some really neat stuff out there.
Vickers, 82, had not been seen for a long time. A neighbor discovered her body in an upstairs room of her Westwanda Drive home on April 27. Its mummified state suggests she could have been dead for close to a year, police said.
"ANC leaders believe the ANC Youth League and its political allies will use this week’s marches on the Chamber of Mines, the Joburg Stock Exchange and the Union Buildings to begin calls for regime change in the governing party."
Ink Showdown: In this fast-paced competition, Piranha Plants spit ink balls from the back edge of the court. Players must destroy the ink balls before they splatter, while hitting tennis balls away from an opponent.
Last Friday, while approaching an intersection and entering a left hand turn lane, a car coming in the other direction across the intersection drove directly into me. I saw him coming just in time and was able to swerve out of the way without hitting someone else. No harm came to me or the other car.
"The steak Diane s'il vous plait, Phillipe"
A soldier is brave and a terrorist is a coward. A soldier is protecting and preventing violence and a terrorist is inflicting pain and suffering. The Bhagavad Gita is the scripture of bravery in both realms of physical and metaphysical.
Mama and my step dad stood in the middle on the right side of the pier, my two brothers on each side of them and me on the left side of the pier, towards the of the railing.
Hey, a Ziggy Shortcrust post with no drawings or elves. How bonkers is that?!
Can you tell that I attacked my lack of color problem HEAD ON? I went from having no color in my closet to owning TWO pairs of colored pants, LOADS of coral/tangerine tones, and multiple colored cardigans. I may procrastinate when it comes to washing the pile of dishes in our sink, organizing the pantry, taking out the trash, weeding the garden… Okay, so I tend to procrastinate with quite a few things… But when I notice a deficit in my closet, I sure am quick to remedy it!
These sort of guys would easily mistake a piece of shit to art and vice versa, and the worst thing was that the industry was full of guys like these. The only difference between these guys and the tourists was that the Japanese ones were explained later that it was just a radiator, while nobody took care of these folks.
In other words –“ could this apply to me?” A conversation follows and a conversion! And he gets baptised! Brilliant! The line that I love is this one: “Look, here is water! What is to prevent me from being baptized?” (NRSV v 37)
My friend, Brian, took this still from last Saturday’s new episode of the Aquabats Super Show! It’s in its first season on the Hub every week at 8am and 8pm.
And it was not just in Kuching. Pua showed some reporters images from his BlackBerry which his counterpart in Miri had sent over –the scene at an ongoing ceramah there was just as packed. It was the same in Sibu where DAP hopes to make the most gains.
Life Path 9 Compatibility
On March 31, 2012 Dr. Leon retired after 25 years of dedicated service to the U. S. Fish and Wildlife. As Chief of Fisheries and Aquatic Conservation one of Dr. Leon’s duties also included matters of budget for our National Fish Hatchery System.
Mickey’s Not-So-Scary Halloween Party
Despite this post, so much has been left unsaid about my great-grandmother. It's impossible for me to communicate in print--the feeling of a hug from her, the warm floury frying smells of her kitchen, or the sound of her gently brittle and loving voice and quiet chuckle. But Norma Verneal Smires represented the best this country has to offer. She was kind, loving, hardworking, unafraid to face adversity, and steadfast in her beliefs even as she adapted to the changing world around her.
A person who is ruled by their imperfections will be hard pressed to let any mistake go. I remember a time that if I missed prayer and bible study in the morning, my thoughts for the entire day were consumed with my failure. I was scum. A horrible, undisciplined being who didn’t deserve God’s love.
His subtle yet powerfully amusing foreign billionaire charisma could have only helped in establishing the Nets' emerging presence within the city. But the bravado Mikhail Prokhorov brought with him was lost on an entire season. For an owner's part, there is a Media war with Jim Dolan to be won, and Mikhail Prokhorov failed to assert his presence in this town after so effectively arriving on the scene. To me, the winter was an opportunity lost on him to befriend Brooklyn prior, and leading up to this Fall's Opening season inside brand new Barclays Center. Billboards can only get one so far.
The names on this list are not surprising. Most of them are corporations with heavy stakes in the tar sands with new projects awaiting approval. This includes Shell. It becomes increasingly clear Shell is willing to pull out all the stops and pursue all angles to try and argue there is nothing wrong with current projects to give way for a clear path for approvals of their two new projects, Jackpine Mine Expansion and Pierre River Mine. Both projects currently under review and being contested by the Athabasca Chipewyan First Nation. It should also be mentioned that Shell has also been involved in lobby efforts in the EU to try and dissuade EU countries from labeling tar sands as a high carbon fuel.
Sedalia, CO (30 miles southwest of Denver)
"...we can begin...by subtly promoting our brands in passing -- as an aside to a bigger discussion or conversation...lightweight, not heavyweight. With the advent of the World Wide Web, there’s so much information out there for us to absorb and so little time to absorb it. As a result, the best way to introduce new products, content or ideas to consumers will be seamlessly, naturally and subtly through word-of-mouth interactions."If I may rewrite that sentence, it ought to read like this...
David squealed, felt the most bloodcurdling cacophony tear from his throat and fill the pub, echoing off its walls, escaping through gaps in the wood, around poorly fitting window frames, but all that escaped his throat was a quiet, wet sound that did little to reflect his intentions. Jezebel reached down, eyes closed, breathing jagged exhalation, and began to stroke the thing sticking out of her which squirmed and growled at her touch. With a final gasp she pulled it out of her, as if tearing it from her body, and there it lay in her hands, alive and now separate from herself. She opened her eyes and looking down at it smiled, maternal, glowing. As if she had just given birth to something wondrous. Then her gaze turned to Lord Fuckington.
2. I do my best creative work after nine or ten at night. For some reason, all becomes clear to me at that point and work as one in a trance. On schoolnights, this is often around my bedtime, which makes it hard for me to sleep, since my brain is so active.
MS punch
- She says, "Thank you" for almost everything and is starting to also add "Please" and "No, Thank You" to her repertoire.
There are also lots of British riders on the Continental scene but I’ll list them off tomorrow.
As you have probably figured out, I'm taking a time out from making clothes to sell. Because as the world seemed to change overnight, my business was not viable for much longer after that. When I was offered a part time job stitching corsets in the city, I jumped for it! So now I stitch and daydream and work with some remarkable women all day long. And then, after a day of being citified, I get to come home to my studio where I can see the stars at night.
31:26 Bonds Funk Band -sitting at the court hall
In 1976, Selsor was tried by a jury and sentenced to death. He also received life imprisonment for shooting with the intent to kill Ina Morris. Later that year, Oklahoma’s death penalty was ruled unconstitutional by the U. S. Supreme Court, and the Oklahoma Court of Criminal Appeals adjusted Selsor’s sentence to life imprisonment. In 1996, the U.S. Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals overturned Selsor’s conviction. During a retrial in 1998, Selsor was again convicted of first-degree murder and sentenced to death.
Inside the forest
I have been reborn. I am now 30 years old.
NO Railings, ironwork repair or addition
DECEMBER 1981 – SEPTEMBER 1983
Sue has been doing some remedial open work. She has all the tools, we're just refining and fixing at this point because they're rusty. She's heeling like a dream, her retrieving is great, but we needed to do some recall polishing and now that's coming along too, her statics are perfect, I need to work the broad jump with her, as we've not done that in quite some time.
When I was Chair of the Nashville Coalition Against Domestic Violence in Tennessee, we hosted a training where nationally renowned speaker Mark Wynn presented on the lethality of batterers to a room of detectives, attorneys and service providers. The room got very quiet when he showed a video of a batterer who opened fire at a court house after a domestic violence hearing, shooting at his wife, police officers and anyone that was around. We all worked at the court house on domestic violence cases and the individuals this man had gunned down could have been any one of us. This was an important reminder of the danger that an abuser poses not only to the victims and witnesses we worked with, but also to each of us.
You can join the action here - and there is an added incentive to do it sooner rather than later. Throughout the day, randomly selected donors will have $100 added to their gift!
“Just have to do the best we can with who we’ve got, ain’t so?” James smiled, determined that none of these fretting points would dampen his day. “Seeya in a few. Or would ya rather I helped ya get Dat over to–”
Amongst the fancy cakes lie a great number of sweet breads, fluffy and yeasty like a nice brioche. Keep digging a little further...and you just might end up with my favorite of all desserts: the bean-filled cake. I suspect these are more widely available in the North, where bean cakes are a specialty. Would you believe me if I said that these were so good we went back three times? Does that even surprise you coming from me? Probably not, seeing as that I also eat chocolate about four times a day.
IN THE DAYS OF NOAH, the whole world was deluded. Yet, the whole world tried to make Noah feel he was deluded as he, under the supreme direction of God, built and ark of safety and escape from the wrath to come. Noah was faithful to warn the people. He told them, “repent, for the end of all things is at hand;” and so the message continues today. Faithful and true men and women of God are still sounding the alarm, “Save yourselves from this untoward, (wicked) generation.” Acts 2:40
It has now come to light that Zuma has decided to write off some debt owed by his communist friends in Cuba. The gesture was applauded by the National Union of Mineworkers of South Africa (NUMSA), for reasons, among others, that the Cuban people under the leadership of Commandate Fidel Castro Ruz were with them in the Battle of Cuito Cuanavale, and also with them in the military camps in Zambia, Tanzania and other parts of the world, while they were fighting the ‘evil’ apartheid regime. I also noticed that Cuba’s mythical victory at the Battle of Cuito Cuanavale was also repeated again and broadly published in the media today.
priced at $95.00, is an all-in-one protective, soothing and youthifying eye treatment. The latest weapon against tired, aging eyes, YOUTHIFEYE is ideal for AGING, SENSITIVE and ACNE skin types. It helps instantly lift and revitalize the look of tired eyes and minimizes dark circles and under-eye puffiness. It even creates the appearance of fewer fine lines and crow’s feet.
-Abraham Lincoln
I should warn you that you may need tissues (I certainly did).
- Duplicate this layer
I cut the recipe in half.
he has to cook with charcoal,
But neither see the trees for the economy to benefit with the best evidence of all (Table 1).
No state can police everybody. For the great and the good and the great unwashed alike, rules should be obeyed more by way of self imposed deference for them, than by enforcement.
Sorry it is upside down.
I approached him but there was something wrong. And then I saw that Neil was completely wasted, drunk. He was incoherent. I wasn't even sure he recognized me. I begun to panic.
The name Retreats for You is so very apt. Because it really is for you. Deborah (a journalist and writer herself) and her husband Bob offer their home and themselves to cater to you, to make you feel special and looked after. Hot water bottles placed lovingly in beds, wonderful homecooked meals (and scrumptious puddings!), lifts to and from the station (not a quick undertaking as the nearest station is an hour away - did I mention Sheepwash is in the middle of beautiful countryside?)... I managed to bring a cold with me, and Deborah happily dosed me up with vitamin C tablets each morning.
There is considerable interest in the idea that “blogs” are somehow able to offset the mainstream media’s (MSM) ability to sell a given narrative to the public, a power which is of considerable interest in peace and even more so in war. It is widely recognized that molding public perceptions through narratives is nearly as important in war as the outcomes on the actual battlefield. Palestinian Media Watch convincingly demonstrates that Arab and Muslim organizations have long made influencing international publics through print and broadcast media a strategic goal, especially in any confrontation with Israel. This effort has historically followed two tracks: the establishment of technically sophisticated media outlets like al-Jazeera to sell messages directly to audiences; and mounting information operations aimed at shaping the way in which Western Media outlets cover any issue of interest.
To Bermuda, Bahama come on pretty mama
Highrises will impose upon Guelph’s “timeless European style, beauty and ambiance that we all enjoy,” Tony Darmon told council. “I fear we will lose the very heart of what makes Guelph special.”
Thanks to Abrams Publishing for a copy of this book in exchange for an honest review.
But travel over the pond, and we have people like Ben and Gareth Thomas ( an amazing Welshman who came out) who are standing up to that kind of nonsense and making the world a better place for LGBT and questioning youth all over Europe, the Americas, and beyond. We hope that Ben and Gareth are still playing when Eli gets older and can begin to get behind a sports figure. I know Tod will do his best to indoctrinate Eli to the culture of the Big House at the University of Michigan, and I know my family will do their best to pull him south to the Buckeyes. Add in his grandpa and foster dad and their love of Michigan State and the boy will have much to cheer for regardless of the school. But I want them to know about Ben and Gareth as well. I want them to know that superstars don’t have to be on the pitch to make a difference in the world.
La Logia Sarabanda Todos O Ninguno (Discos Rex)
2. Tune your Mind to the Positive (mental)
The book has a foreword specially written by variety entertainers Ian and Janette Krankie.
By organizing this meeting Espiral Association aims to provide a forum for the exchange of experiences, ideas and news, to spread the use of Augmented Reality academic environments, thus becoming an institution pioneer and visionary in this field.
Just another day in the life of little Shawn Gorman trying to impress the world.
The youths, aged between 17 and 20, shouted offensive remarks about soldiers at the white-haired pensioner and then attacked him when he responded.
We Need to Talk About Dad, Channel 4, 21 November 2011
As you breathe-out feel the warm air as it leaves your nostrils
The odds against it nevertheless, the Bersih 3.0 sit-in protest has to and needs to happen, looking at the ignoble act of the EC which has shamelessly colluded with the “powers-that-be” in hiding the wrongdoings taking place each time the country’s elections’ are held.
We stay quiet for awhile as im still busy doing my work.
These press lists are also one way you build up your personal press lists. When someone contacts you (in return or on their own) to set up an interview or ask about what you’re promoting, especially if you’re going to be reaching out about this particular product/person/event/company more than once, ask if they would like to be added to your press list for future updates and news. It’s like networking, really, just with a very specific purpose. Track who you’re adding to this list by keeping their names & where they work listed as well as their emails and/or phone numbers.
I hope I've inspired you to add a little vintage appeal to your projects. You'll be surprised at how easy it can be!
Art or Idiocy?
The Amur tiger and African lion roared and snored during my visit to Brookfield Zoo.
MAC impassioned Lipstick
Happy Pig Day! by Mo Willems – Gerald and Piggie are so funny together! Piggie wants Gerald to help celebrate Pig Day, but when Gerald realizes he doesn’t share Piggie’s traits (a curly tail, a snout, the ability to oink) he feels left out. However, the day is saved – Piggie always knows how to include his best friend though. The adventures of Gerald and Piggie (complete with subtle lessons and beginning reader vocabulary) continue in other Elephant and Pig books by Willems. Recommended by Gretchen M.
It also made me wonder how I would answer that question. If someone asked me, “Who are your people?” my answer wouldn’t connect the dots the way it did in this small southern town. My people come from all over. They believe in different things, they lead different lives. I don’t even get to see some of my people in person.
We finish with the flourless chocolate cake, ethereally light and fluffy, and a nightcap of Pedro Ximenez sherry.
Our garden this year was the biggest we've had and it did fairly well. Next year we'd like the garden to provide for more of our needs and to do that we really need to improve the soil quality. We know the chickens will help with that - we're putting their bedding on the garden this fall and letting them scratch in it over winter.
In the meantime, Sam
7. The jaunty overnight music Once BBC 1 and BBC 2 stopped broadcasting for the day, Ceefax would come on accompanied by some repetitive but unmistakable music.
"Did she beat them?" one might ask. "Was she cruel? Emotionally abusive? Neglectful?"
I have held a blog on Tumblr for quite some time now, mostly with postings of my photography. I liked the idea of posting my work to a site where people would see it, critique it, like it and hate it…depending on the person of course! But there’s something missing from that blog, and that is the ability to write down my thoughts and day to day whims. That blog is set in stone. It’s pictures and sometimes a thought or two.
We were given a choice of two rooms. They were both hilariously full of mismatched furniture that is made to look expensive but is really thrown together in sweat shops in some distant banana republic. Galadriel's nose was so bent out of shape that the ever-so-nice receptionist's smile began to crack like all of the furniture in the joint as Galadriel asked me in English, "They're both terrible. You choose." I refused to decide. There was no way I could win. At the moment she handed the receptionist her credit card, Galadriel had broken every standard of her highly evolved religious fervor for natural surroundings, simple comfort and real people. If I chose one room over the other, she would be horrified that I could have chosen any of them at all. So, I made her do it.
Seriously, the kid rocks and I think he needs to know it. After the week at VBS, I started thinking about how important it is for our kids to know they are not an accident. Every gift, every feature, every circumstance in our lives is hand picked especially for us by the Lord. We need to remind our children of this daily!
What we have here is the perfect end product of the long backlash against liberalism, however we choose to define that much-maligned concept - a man explaining to his readers that popular entertainment does not always accurately reflect measurable reality, in tones that suggest he fully believes that he is imparting some essential, transcendent revelation.
Entering the world of the suburbs does not mean fear for me, but often a kind of ennui. With a few rare exceptions, the suburbs of Paris are not attractive places. They are scruffy, the result of inexistant urban planning. Fast roads send cars thundering through what were their historic hearts and viaducts carry streams of trains through industrial estates or over back gardens. And yet there is something endlessly fascinating about these places if you scratch through this opaque vision.
There's just too much to do
Hop along with us and be sure to see all the beautiful creations. Leave comments on each blog as well as this main one and become a follower on this blog.
10Said in a loud voice, Get up on your feet. And, jumping up, he went walking about.
I came out to find the completed results residing amongst our nature study table exhibits, which I think is a pretty good fit!
leap straight. Over
Batwoman; JH Williams III and W Haden Blackman (DC Comics)
If my memory serves me right, all the labor forces in Kansas City volunteered material and hours to build this magnificent fountain. My Steve did the final plumbing on this fountain and he holds it very dear to his heart.
Those who still choose to believe that Jack Kirby was never a comics writer of the first rank, or who somehow manage to avoid considering how important social justice was to his work throughout his career, really do owe it to themselves to track down the collection of the series issued by Marvel in 1991.
#3 - And the third thing on my previous list, ironing.... I avoided as much as possible. Nobody said to me, hey you needed to iron that. So..... another lesson learned.
Doubt, while seen in some circles as anathema a relationship with God, can be thought of as a transformative process in our journey toward God and essential to a faith journey. Rabbi Rami Shapiro said, “The role of the community is to challenge one another so that you maintain doubt and open-mindedness. When a community tries to fix things for its members, it’s disaster. The individual has to work through their own life experiences with the support of the group–but it has to be their own authentic work.” This reminded me of the classic “enabler” paradigm when a well-meaning friend or family member tries to intervene in a loved one’s life, but ends up helping them (enabling them) to avoid an issue they need to work through.
Heat the dissolved sugar to achieve a syrup of one thread consistency.
I snuck out onto my deck early this morning
There, I said it. But it gets worse.
The characters and their personalities were a highlight for me. I found them especially entertaining. I love that the main character is so very HUMAN - flaws and all.
ach
A fragile victory, but a victory nevertheless!!! Youhou! I am officially as single as a bird without its nest (wow, I am really getting ‘profound’…Hihi!).
I was always the one thinking that the photographs of a “weight loss” product was a scam, you know those before and after photos, with your first reaction oh yes that’s some good editing skills that went on there…hehe! Well today I can tell you that my photographs used in this add is my transformation without any editing – that was really my before and it was an exact 12 week journey towards my transformation. That was not the end though and I would say I’m in better shape now than then but still those photographs were taken exactly on the day marking the first and the last day of week 12!
To grant one man such power it is essential to at least know who he is. A few bits of circumstantial evidence suggesting he may be who he says he is are not good enough.
I love her... But she really hates these indignities! Ha ha! Anyway... On to other news, I colored yet another oldie on my new Cintiq. You can see it below; just click on it for a much bigger view on my deviantART page:
* Hand written journalling - preferably lots of it!
Lord knows there's a lot I need to change,
They were good enough to invite a few more interlopers along.
A tempest in the chamber pot, but one the GOP seems hell-bent on pressing while ignoring all the other weirdness going on.
He stepped back, then lowered the bridge.
Finally, rinse and repeat five thousand times. Proliferate franchised, chartered McSchools with each classroom in each McSchool teaching the same thing on the same day in exactly the same way. So, for the math lesson on the formula of a line, you only need develop it once. But you download it in Power Point on the assigned day so the room monitors, i.e., the “teachers,” know what bullets to read. Now repeat this for every lesson in every course in every school, every day. In biology, chemistry, geometry, history, English, Spanish, indeed, all of a K-12 curriculum. Develop the lesson literally once, but distribute and reuse it thousands of times with low-cost proctors doing the supervision. The cost is infinitesimal making the profit potential astronomical.
Thanks for all the support.
Dishonor, because it means that the person is false, to never be trusted, to never be granted glory and honor.
Believe it or not ....... a Congress.
“Dear Parents, Greetings from Griffiths. To keep you informed, the hoax msg circulating in the new media regarding kidnapping of a P3 boy is NOT true. In fact, this boy left sch around 6.50am on 29 mar after having arrived in sch bus. School conducted search for him…Police found him safe near home at 11am same morning. He took bus home without informing anyone!”
He continued that the bonuses announced on Wednesday for Stephen Hester, the chief executive of RBS, and Eric Daniels, the outgoing chief executive of Lloyds, as ‘extraordinarily wrong’. Daniels is to be paid a £1.45m bonus on top of his salary of £1m, and Hester £2.04m. Both banks are supported by the taxpayer.
Sometimes I feel that I have trouble expressing my love for those who
plumeria blossom
(my mom says she used two cans as one didn't seem to be enough)
The darkness edged in slowly, un-sure quite where to put it’s feet safely without stepping in to something nasty. You know when they say night fell or darkness fell well that is just what the darkness was afraid of.
In most shopping mall now in Kuala Lumpur we can find a Nasi Ayam Penyek outlet or loosely translated as Smash Chicken Rice.Smash Chicken Rice or Nasi Ayam Penyek is of Indonesian origin. A friend gave me the recipe recently and so I am sharing it with you. The recipe consists of the rice, the chicken, the tofu and tempe or fermented soya bean, the soup and the chilli sauce.
Now men fare home from the leet, and all is still and tidingless.
This is a fascinating read, partly because Thomas is such a complex character and partly because Hollis tells the story so well. He places the poet within the literary scene of the times with much reference to and discussion of contemporary writers including small parts for Yeats, Eliot and Pound.
So today it's "Rosenmontag". Carnival is really important here in Germany, usually.
There are a lot of ways to begin sewing. Most local sewing machine dealers offer sewing classes for any level from beginning to advanced. (Oh, and if you are shopping for a sewing machine, go to a dealer. They often have used machines they can sell you that will get you started for a reasonable amount of money. New machines that cost under $100 are about the quality of the toy sewing machines that were sold when I was a kid in the 70s.) Dealers will help you learn to use your machine and will repair your machine, should the need arise.
Hate is as bleak as its namesake. Here you’ll find explorations of a man’s last moments before he takes his life, the embrace of the last halcyon moments before the end of a relationship and a plea for all to accept the fact that everyone’s heart harbors hateful intentions. All of this vitriol and self-loathing is couched in lush arrangements and laced with catchy choruses to mask its true intent, but this album is misanthropic to its core and all the better for it. It is a brutally honest exploration of what lurks behind our smiles and exposes the grim motivations behind our weaker moments. Hate is a walking contradiction that marries the most resplendent and ostentatious arrangements married to the most calamitous and desolate worldview and this conflict is the the source of its staying power and gravitas.
Let me introduce you to a friend of mine. I've known her for awhile now, although she just recently moved here from New York, where her short-lived college education preceded an equally short-lived career as a model.
Editing: Anne-Sophie Bion, Michel Hazanavicius, The Artist
The “climax” of the film is a big sloppy mess that pretty much has ‘try-hard’ written all over it. They didn’t have any actual atmosphere or scares, so they put in a nearly unwatchable miasma of people screaming, demonic faces, flashy lights and other stuff that makes the movie look like a little kid screaming for attention because his mom and dad wouldn’t buy him a damn Optimus Prime action figure. Seriously, this is wretched. You have to TRY to be this bad!
Today, he didn’t have a nightmare again. Yoochun wake up with confuse.
We had a follow up OB appointment today! It was so nice to hear the heart beat! He is getting big! I weighed in at 134.8lbs today. So far I have gained approx 12 pounds. Not too shabby I must say! I have been fighting a cold for the past week. This coughing is for the birds... Specifically in the afternoon to bed time! So, the Doctor put me on some meds..all of which I'm hesitant to take but after 7 days...I feel like I have no choice.. been drinking a TON of fluids...especially hot water with lemon!
And quenching chills. But with this ice we’re curst.
We got a call a couple weeks ago asking for a payment of $500 for services that had been provided in the name of Grapevine Art Glass. They played a recording for Tammy of her agreeing to a series of questions about the contract she had supposedly agreed to. She explained that the questions she answered were different than the questions they had paired up with her answers in the recording. She handed the phone to me and they explained that if we didn't pay they would be turning our account over to a collection agency. I asked the guy if times were so difficult that he couldn't find an honest way to make a living. He hung up on me.
I'm so thirsty
I SAY: Oh you know - clean, laundry, run errands, take care of the kid.
Ya think?
The base of the table was actually a little bit more "in line" with what my client wanted, but the top of it wasn't. I ended up doing about 2.5 opaque layers on the top, and just 1 on the bottom.
In fiction, and in life, everyone needs a breather, a time out, or just a break. Sometimes we can’t control the pace of reality, but as writers we get to show our characters some mercy from time to time.
The beautiful paper is by Prima Markerting (Madeline collection).
I’m going to call it, this is my current fav meal. I’ve made it twice in the last week and eaten leftovers for lunch twice. It’s one of those meals that tastes as good if not better than something you can get at a restaurant. The flavors together are super yummy, it’s a relatively quick meal to make and it’s healthy and meat free. I saw the idea for a three pea, tofu and cashew stir fry in an Eating Well Magazine, but I heavily altered this recipe. I made my own sauce, and switched pressed tofu for Trader Joes teriyaki tofu. Even my kids love this recipe!
Richard Grainger was said to 'have found Newcastle of bricks and timber and left it in stone'. Of Grainger Towns 450 buildings, 244 are listed, of which 29 are grade I and 49 are grade II*.
And...um...
Sundae with salted caramel ice cream, candied peanuts and popcorn, whipped cream, chocolate sauce
Tools: Fiskars Scallop Punch, TE's Take Note Die, and PTI's A2 Envelop Liner Die
Which I guess brings me full circle. Learn to cope with fear, ignore the asshats, don’t become a hater…sounds good, right? Sure it does. Keep cranking out the weird little stories, oddball letters to friends, song parodies, bizarre one-act plays, inappropriately fictionalized school essays, slightly unprofessional work emails, and so on. In fact, you know what, just keep doing what you’re doing, because it’s gonna happen. You’ll be a writer.
Activists say they are protesting against corporate greed and the plight of ordinary people in an anemic economy and housing market.
Subject Matter of the Licence
To celebrate out 6 months here in country I'm going to start a little feature called MEET MY. It's to let you get to know the people, things, and the area that we're living in. Hopefully this will help make this blog more personal about my Peace Corp service, so I can look back on it and remember these great moments.
The young gunslinger looked at the old man and laughed, saying, "Hey old man, have you ever danced?"
RSVP: ademelle
Sidewalk littered with loitering dregs,
In the span of less than 5 years, foreigners now make up 36 per cent of Singapore’s population, up from 14 per cent in 1990. Of the remaining 64 per cent who are citizens, a significant proportion are new immigrants born overseas.
Fellow toastmasters and honored guests, don’t ever let anyone tell you that a newer home cannot be haunted. Over the new several years, I saw and heard things I can never forget.
Whether Majors was born gay or chose that lifestyle isn’t the issue. If Brett Major is a lover of the Scriptures, he will want to do what the Scriptures say. The Scriptures indicate homosexuality is a sin. A Christian will not want to (at least intellectually) sin more because of the reality that Jesus Christ bore their sins. Metaphorically speaking, sinning more and more is like continuing to pound the nails into the hands and feet of our Savior as He’s on the cross. A follower of Christ will not want to do that. In the book of 1 John, this is written:
From there I was off to a quick hello to my poker buddies who had just started the regular Tuesday game (it's been so long since I played, sigh) before heading down to The Parish for the show. I barely started my woeful shpiel about the forgotten ID, when the list guy said, "Yeah he's here," and the ID guy looked at me for about 10 seconds before slapping the drink band on my wrist. It's good not to look anywhere close to 21 sometimes. Oftentimes.
Sometimes there are tears in their eyes, then there's a smile round their lips, afterwards when the ceremony is over, the sound of laughter echoes against the wall of the old tower, drifting off into the rustling of the poplar leaves, the silence returns, another year gone, hope we'll meet again!
First off, no. You won’t get high.
No of years abroad: 8
Avery Ellie's Brown Ale: This beautiful, deep russet brew has a sweet and somewhat nutty character. Crystal and chocolate malts give this beer a brown sugar maltiness with hints of vanilla and nuts, while subtle hopping gives it an overall drinkability that's second to none.
You have one week - so until Friday May 21st to get your LO's done and posted.
Robert Chote, the IFS director said that Britain was facing the "longest, deepest, sustained cuts in public spending since the second World War".
I wish I could bottle the confidence of 10 year old girls and save it to present it back to them when they're 18-24 years old. They know they look good, they know how things should be done, and most of all, they don't care what boys think.
Lasher introduces them to his new girlfriend, Monica, who is intrigued when William tells her he was in prison. 'You have?" she asks. "For pot or pacifism?" To which Lasher responds, "Neither. William killed a woman. I've told you about him."
Literature elements - setting & mood
The Birthday, Idrissa Ouédraogo, Burkina Faso. Comedy/Thriller, 12 min.
I read books a lot. I watch detective-DVDs while doing my textile crafts.
Even when the snow crunches underfoot, spring blooms eternal on Park Avenue . . .
The ordeal she just went through took a lot out of her. She was hungry, tired and felt the need to take a shower badly. She asked Andy when lunch was, and was told she had just missed it. She also asked about taking a shower and was told shower privileges were at two. That was about an hour away. She had time to rest and try to calm her mind.
Thor was better than I expected. His solo movie was the weakest of the lot so far despite awesome Destroyer action, but as part of an ensemble here Chris Hemsworth looks good and seems more mature as a character than in the first movie. But then given the events of that story that makes sense.
Entrance price : 5 euros
I try to avoid chopping chocolate whenever I can (definitely among my least favorite kitchen tasks) so I used Ghirardelli bittersweet baking chips in my muffins. It meant my muffins didn't have the chunks of chocolate sticking out of their tops, but a worthwhile trade off in my opinion. Also, the baking time for my muffins was about 14-15 minutes, rather than the 20 suggested in the recipe. Many thanks to Bridget for hosting this week! She shared the recipe on her blog today, or you can find it on page 18 of Baking: From My Home to Yours
161No more these scenes my meditation aid,
I have been married over twenty years, with many of the “normal” events of marriage shaping the adults we have become–moves, children, illness, job changes, pets, new hobbies,old hobbies, loss of friends and family, illness, planting a garden, choosing paint colors, buying a new car-a sofa-toilet paper, vacations, volunteering.
or feel free to email me at
Delta Opportunity School needed an emergency notification system, but was out of money. I (Willyn Webb) suggested a free group texting service like Celly. It worked so well that we now use Celly for daily staff communication by sending inspirational quotes, staff meeting notices, or to gather input prior to meetings, and to poll for feedback after meetings. Cells also allow increased administrations involvement with Professional Learning Communities (PLCs). Because it’s not possible for the administrators to attend each PLC in person, they could still stay connected. Each PLC is set up as a Cell and the administrators are members of each.
Now this is where I think all the talking heads have their terminology backwards. Marriage existed before this country existed, and before the Bible existed, too, for that matter. My marriage is a sacred covenant between my wife and myself with our God as our witness. (If you are an atheist, your marriage is still a covenant between you and your spouse.) In either case, the “state” is not part of these covenants. Now, if I want to put my wife on my insurance or if one of us is physically incapacitated and the other needs to make a decision, the state wants to recognize our (partnership, union, covenant, marriage, whatever) to LEGALLY recognize these decisions. This recognition by the state is of our “civil union”, not our marriage, regardless of the way the words are being used in the present debates.
Jesus, truly understood, that Heaven’s purpose is served through the human form and that is ALL THAT THERE IS to being human. The choices we make… come from our KNOWING… the difference.
“When we started this we didn’t realise we would hit such a nerve with journalists and readers up and down the country.
I now realise that it is no accident that you will snap suddenly and without warning only when I am already running late rather than, by weight of odds, sometimes when I am in a hurry and sometimes when I actually have time to swap you over.
This is where my patience came in handy.
This one seems nice and simple. If there is corroborated evidence that Mr Bird did do what he denied, then one can see matters going further. However, even here the lack of precision acts to help Mr Bird. If, for example, Mr Bird ordered surveillance which he believed to be legal (and again this is a hypothetical) then his answer would be legally incorrect, but not perjury.
Please know that your comments are valued and they will be shared with our Grocery Merchandising Team so they are aware of the interest for this J&D Popcorn item.
I was reminded of this while reading a recent crime story.
wafting white whispery
4 year online celebration a little bit sweeter.
So do I have any struggles or triumphs? Well, the re-draft is at 95% and I can almost envisage (on the other side of revision) a readable draft for beta readers. The other minor triumph, even though I got told off for forgetting to post there too, was taking part in the November First Five Pages at Adventures in YA and Children’s Publishing. Most of the incredibly generous feedback I got tactfully pointed out flaw after dreadful flaw – invaluable given the intense redrafting I was working through – and the praise was equally generous. Even the odd comment I disagreed with pushed me to think twice about why I was doing something and change or review it accordingly. Great blog, great workshop. You should check it out.
That's why the weekends are the BEST.
Place mushrooms on baking sheet and bake ( preheat overn) at 350 for 15 minutes or place in toaster oven.
Thank you so much Sussane Possing for them poem. I hope she will get to read and understand it one day.And a thank you, goes to all who sent me with comfort messages.
Either way, I’m mad at you. And my ovaries, too. Together you harmonize in a monthly rhythm - an intoxicating concoction of baby making juju. And make me walk around dreamy eyed and frantic with baby lust.
The V40 comes in three trim levels – ES, SE and SE LUX – with Bluetooth, climate control, an entertainment system with a five-inch colour screen, 16-inch alloys, Volvo’s City Safety system and a pedestrian airbag – a world first – fitted as standard across the board.
“It’s been a long, a long time coming
Who would have thought that taking out a loan on a vehicle that was already paid off could be a good financial strategy? And I’d never heard about the nearly free Magicjack phone service listed in between the pink pages. In desperation for our retirement future, I’d opened a Roth IRA savings plan last summer, but lo and behold, there are better options out there! Ones I’ve never heard of before!
Check out this website for more information:
We have corroborating data from the CFTC issued Commitment of Traders reports. The latest data shows a complete reversal of positions between the major market participants. Whereas in early 2011 Commercials – miners like Freeport-McMoRan (FCX) – were short and Small Speculators (retail futures traders) long, the current market is characterized by the opposite.
Later in the evening, he was talking about his sister. I asked him if he went to the funeral home. He told me, no, he hadn’t gone. He went to visit his mother instead. (She is just home from being in the hospital for a few weeks and his parents’ property adjoins ours.)
Today was bad. Actually this week has been bad.
Joseph took a baseball bat to the dog and sat with its head on his knee. Just its head. I think it must have been the baseball bat which was up for the BAFTA, best supporting actor.
The new feature will make it easier to prevent malware on the host computer. Google also fixed twenty vulnerabilities, this includes eight dangerous glitches that would allow a hacker to gain access to the system.
Kashmir
“For there is one Elohim,1 and one Mediator between Elohim and men, the Man Messiah יהושע, Foornote: 11 Cor. 8:6, Eph. 4:6, Mk. 12:29-34. who gave Himself a ransom for all, to be witnessed in its own seasons, ” (1 Timothy 2:5-6 The Scriptures 1998+)
The tithe is the Lord’s. Even when we had nothing, she made sure to tithe what she had. She made sure we kids knew it too. She wasn’t doing that to brag; she was doing that to teach us a lesson. When you put God first in your finances, God will take care of you. She believed that. She practiced that. And I do too.
As evidence, I’d point to the receptions that The Omnivore’s Dilemma and Eating Animals have received within the vegetarian community. Although it’s true that Foer comes away from his research as a vegetarian, he certainly doesn’t say that eating meat is morally indefensible. He even calls his book is “an argument for another, wiser animal agriculture and more honorable omnivory” (244). If vegetarian criticism of Pollan were rooted exclusively in objections to his condoning meat eating, than we’d expect the vegetarians who were frustrated with Pollan to have similar criticisms of Foer.
literature does: leads your mind and heart on an odyssey into the lives of
God loves the drunkards cry,
Peter Green didn’t want the money or fame, and gave us this instead (see The Clash: Jail Guitar Doors). Thanks, Pete!
Blake is a very intriguing character. What part of Blake’s past did you enjoy writing the most?
Back in the house I was ruthless with the big cushion he slept on the hall landing. And toys he had buried under it. He was a collie, a working dog, he was neat. He kept his toys buried or hidden or lined up ready for use. It's all in the bin. Can't face the prolonged goodbye of recycling.
So, because I have half an hour time left, before we eat lunch, I thought, I would like to update here a bit.
So I know what you’re thinking at this point: Wait, Garrosh, you just said you had lunch a little while before this, plus it was devilsaur, and we all know how heavy that can be – isn’t it bad for you to go swimming a short time after you’ve eaten? And the answer is yes, yes it is….IF YOU’RE A GODDAMN FUCKING PANSY.
Yesterday was one of those days. The kind of day that presented a perfectly packaged opportunity for growth and gained wisdom; prompting me, stretching me, testing me...and frankly, I wasn't in the mood. What I really wanted to do was regress to child-like behavior; to kick and scream and cry until the Universe had heard enough and eventually surrendered to my antics. But I managed to contain myself and keep it together until shortly after 5:00pm when I walked into Phil's office and declared that we needed to go out for a drink. To which he replied: "Uh-oh. What's wrong?"
States laws govern how presumption of death is determined for a missing person. This is a critical phase in getting benefits in a prompt manner to surviving family members. Sample law for Rhode Island.
me, the friend of sinners loved,
Many if not most people simply find it unreasonable to prepare for every concievable crisis that may or may not happen. Today though, we ARE staring at very real possibilities like hyperinflation and governments that care more about bombing countries at the behest of their corporate campaign donors that could lead to nuclear war.
Last time I used Book Two, so I'm trying Book One this time. I love that all I have to do is print off the Week One shopping list, then head to the shops to get it all. The shopping didn't take me any longer than usual. I love that I now know exactly what each breakfast, lunch and dinner will be for the entire week. No more thinking. And it is fun trying new recipes and eating healthy, wholesome, unprocessed food. Tonight we had a yummy rack of lamb, yesterday salmon and veges, and the capsicum and tomato soup for yesterday's lunch was easy, light and delicious.
Whether that’s tomorrow or April, we don’t know, so meanwhile many of our streets, our secondary and tertiary streets (including my own) have become winter playgrounds. Children throw snowballs at each other, others build snowmen. Some make angels or practice their cross country skiing while all the assorted detritus of men, women, and animals remain in the deep bosom of the snow buried.
'See what?' I demanded. 'What can you see?'
Anything other than this is unacceptable, and I would therefore implore Ghanaians far and wide--through my twitter/Facebook/and Google Plus status--that they better abandon SKYY PLUS if they don't want trouble, or better still, customers better forget about paying the 16GHC a month till SKYY PLUS/SMART TV get their act together!
QI: Exxon Paid Almost $1M per Hour in Income Taxes and Its Effective Tax Rate Was 42.3%: "1. ExxonMobil paid $8 billion in income taxes to various governments in the first quarter, which is about $22 million in income taxes each day, or almost $1 million each hour.
I'd left it beside the couch, where I'd held it while working out a couple of new melodies (sometimes, composition is best accomplished while reclining...). The harp was fine, thank goodness. But I was determined to find the culprit. The suspects:
the "what if's" started to rush through my veins - i rushed into my room - and 'let it out' - i couldn't imagine them not being with her - i will take them any which way - Caitlyn is just badly bruised up by her 5 point car seats (thankfully, it saved her live) and Karen has 2 fractures in her ankle! - all this as they should be leaving for Disney World next week ..
Comments: Sip this one from a snifter, like they tell you to do.
The wind was high and the clouds were dark,
A chance for a new start
Moving on, I came across Chez Hanna. There was a small group of people at the window, which seemed to be moving pretty briskly. This time I noticed pretty quickly that everyone had a receipt in their hand. I put two and two together and went inside to order and get my ticket, then returned outside to wait in another (thankfully quick) line for the sandwich. Finally.
Mitsumune, who participated in the filming in Tokyo, Osaka, and Tokushima in mid-April, commented, “After I started living by myself, I first realized the importance and value of my parents. Through this movie, I hope that people will come to realize the importance of their family.”
Eventually, with a shattering crunch, the golem disintegrated and Lord Bath was left facing his assailant across the arena. Taking a few steps back, he continued hurling bombs at the gladiator, watching him gradually weaken with each successful hit.
I am in love with this twine! They come in a variety of colors and I have been using them for my packaging for my photography business. Here is my contribution to the blog hop. . .
As a means of Self Defence boxing is ideal; with expert – Geoff Thompson, favouring boxing as a primary form of training, as most street fights are at close quarters – punching range.
And you know, advice from a whole lot of good people over the years has been perfect: Get onto it, if you want to write something, write something that E@L would write, write like you do in your blog. Obviously that is your voice, they'd say.
I like his work even more now..just look at how 3D the characters are...with weight..and great emotions..I would love to be able to draw in this solid way..my cartoons come out flat:) Every panel is also different and varied..
Today's card is featuring the stamp set Baroque Motifs. Now there is a set I'm sad to see leave. I used Soft Suede, Crumb Cake and Very Vanilla Card Stock and Soft Suede Classic Ink to make this card. First you stamp and then you run the Very Vanilla through the Big shot with the Textured Impressions folder. I just love that look!
Dusting and vacuuming and tidying up
Freaky Fingers
Dear Addie: I received your letter but have little time to write these days. The children are very good, but do need a lot of attention. It keeps us both busy. Do hope the hurricanes keep on passing us by.
This is the Catholic Faith, which except a man believe faithfully, he cannot be
A Quick Note on the Serpent Component:
Now I need enough to pay my bills, then I will be happy.
What do you normally do; more talking or more listening? Many people today in the world they tend to talk more than they listen. Did you know that less listening and learning increases the slow-down of your personal growth? Whether you believe it or not, its the truth. Speaking from personal experience I used to talk a lot more than I actually listened and learned. I used to speak in public, in churches, and I sounded good, I’m sure I’ve helped a lot of people through my talking as well but the real question I want to ask myself is did I speak with power? Did I speak with full understanding of the topics that I was talking about? To be honest with you, I probably wasn’t. Throughout time I have noticed this truth when I started realizing that I live in a multi-dimensional world. The world that consists of so many elements that a lot of us are not even aware of. That realization made me learn step by step how to LISTEN. When I started listening I have noticed that I spoke very rarely but WITH POWER. Now, I’m not trying to sound weird by saying that you should not talk much or anything like that; I’m just emphasizing that when you learn things in this world and you observe everything with careful attitude you start understanding things other people don’t. When you’ll start doing that you will notice that when you’re sitting in a group of friends or co-workers talking about a certain topic, you will say one sentence that will top and solve everything they were just talking about in a very powerful way.When you are filled with power of righteous understanding and you use it with CONFIDENCE, I guarantee you that other people will be influenced by you in a very massive way. Confidence is contagious. Its up to you what level of power to live on, make a difference through your thoughts, words and actions.
* Other options to add variety to this meal include stuffing the burritos with Spanish Rice and/or Refried or Black Beans along with the ingredients listed above.
At the end of the day BPD is shit and any situation will always be a no-win situation for both parties in some respect. All you can do is do your best not to inflame the situation with knowingly wrong responses – and yes some people once they are aware of wrong responses will then deliberately use these to cause hurt and pain if they have lost all love for the BP or do not respect them, parents are often the worst for this as they feel to ‘blame’ for the child’s condition and want to shift blame back to the BP.
Top: Marshall's find
(It’s a lot easier for me to illustrate an intuitive’s thought process. Honestly I have no idea what sensors are thinking about. If you have a clue, let me know in the comments!)
Papers: Gina K cardstocks
This sounded like “She’s So High” by Tal Bachman. A lot. I initially thought this might be a cover of that song (which I wasn’t able to identify until later). B+
All this week we are striving (as if we don’t already) to keep the programs really simple and moving. The last secret ingredient to this recipe is intensity and that is entirely up to you, placing importance on your training and life goals.
pall over the annual gathering
Sly and the Family Stone
rusted armor
So what is it like to experience your work in different languages?
*kids arrive, shoes away properly
A bill introduced in Congress late last week would establish a five-year federal grant program to allow school districts to team with universities and nonprofits to train general education teachers and other school staff to best support students with autism.
“Now, this little key here,” and he pointed to a key that was much smaller than the others, “Opens the little room at the end of the great ground floor corridor. Take your friends where you want, open any door you like, but not this one! Is that quite clear?” repeated Bluebeard. “Not this one! Nobody at all is allowed to enter that little room.”
We tried seven stores & I spent a total of $4.25. I found one store, however, with a huge selection of vintage children's books that were on sale for 25 cents apiece. I cannot resist old children's books, they get me in the gotcha.
Unfortunately, that night, there was no official present to protest that what the murderer was doing was wrong and unfair. No one beside Yeardley objected, because she was alone against a man strengthened by jealous rage and alcohol. He had already choked her once in the past – that time, he had been pulled off her by another male lacrosse player. Yeardley would have known what was likely to happen once her neck was in his grip. Except that she probably thought she would survive.
I learned I can type off the top of my head and still send words flying out of my fingers over 100 wpm. When I say they’re on fire, that’s pretty close. I learned I can type over 3000 words in an hour. That might seem like a modest 50ish wpm, but keeping it up for an hour or more is daunting.
I hear the drums beat and the trumpets blowing,
MLM–Multi-level Marketing
Meanwhile, the AG is asserting that these comments being made are mischievous and that there is “precedent in the Commonwealth” for a phased withdrawal.
am I dictating what anyone should do with their lives, rather, I would
he lurched into the bar ...
these kids are friends for maybe six hours a week so whenever they want to play together i am completely excited and try to get as much done as i can until they decide to go all linebacker on each other and the perfection cracks. this evening was one of those rare moments and they were using their fun time to run in circles around the house giggling.
Cheap Sentiments-Get ‘Em While They’re Hollow! at 1PointPerspective. Remember all those sugary sweet posters from classrooms and dorms when you were a kid? 1PP’s take on them will make you hurt yourself laughing so hard.
Retirement Security:
Anyway, back to the beer! Having a bunch of sour cherry juice laying around needing to be used up I decided to make a very bready, nutty beer to balance the acidity of the cherry juice. For a while I was considering using some of the almond liqueur/extract I made a while back in the Fat Washing post, but I decided to hold onto that for something where the flavors might shine a bit more. Instead I decided to use a spice not too many people are familiar with, but I absolutely love..Mahlab.
I followed my basic recipe for lime curd but with a couple of minor changes. I had 3 egg yolks in my frig begging to be used so instead of three large eggs I used two large eggs and 3 egg yolks. I am crazy like that and I am not always rewarded for my ingenuity. This time it worked out quite well. I also reduced the butter to 4 tablespoons instead of 6 because butter is partially responsible for that creamy luscious texture and I wanted more tang to come through. Sometimes these things are a trade off and proof that butter is not always better. Sorry Paula and all you butter lovers out there! Lemon juice was also added to enhance flavor and because it is more acidic than oranges and higher acidity contributes to the coagulation or curdling of the eggs. Acidity also lowers the temperature at which the eggs coagulate and this along with constant stirring produces a creamy result. Yum.
The Jamaican Black Strap is not a scary drink. You may or may not believe me depending on your view of the two primary ingredients: molasses and Jamaican rum. I happen to love Jamaican rum. This fact alone would have floored Mr. Baker, who many times asserts that most ladies have a strong dislike for the stronger, more pungent Jamaican rums. I do not particularly disagree with his assertion--indeed, some women probably would find the funkier rums a bit too, um, well, funky for their liking. I would add, however, that, as with most things, this fact does not apply to women alone. Leaving bold statements about gender stereotyping aside, why is Jamaican rum so challenging? The easy answer: it comes down to production.
About TRI
Weena – Anak, I will miss our breakfast talks and lunchtime walks. Mahal kita alam mo yan.
But there is a pull for sure- but perhaps it is an unhealthy pull. I don't know. I do know I start to get excited whenever I plan a trip to Flushing but it's just as true that Flushing isn't quite the Flushing I remember.
I am so pleased with how these images turned out, and I share this with you so that you might know you can do it quite easily, too! Search for inspiration on the web, in books, and in magazines, and if you don't have a fancy edited program, find one on the net. I've heard picnik and gimp are good. But most importantly, have fun with it!
Welcome to challenge #79 here at Penny's Paper-Crafty Challenge Blog.
In a certain forum that i’ve joined, some of the members talked about ‘online relationship”. I know you guys are familiar with this. it’s about having a relationship with a girl or guy you just met in social sites like forums for example. Well, I’m actually a person who doesn’t believe on people actually “falling in love” in the net. I mean, come on! You haven’t met the guy/girl personally yet you have the guts to say you are in love? And to be honest it’s hard to trust people you meet in the net.. gaining friends in the net is a different topic, having a relationship is another things too which I consider as a big No No.
I was informed by a friend earlier today that USATF CEO, Doug Logan, has sent out an invitation to athletes attending this weekends Indoor National Championships inviting them to meet with him on Friday to discuss concerns they have about the sport. Follow up calls confirmed that indeed athletes have been receiving invitations.
Wow What a Year!
Within less than fifty years from now the descendants of those British and Australian soldiers who fought in the great world wars of the twentieth Century will be an ethnic minority in the homelands they fought for. If that is not betrayal, then nothing is betrayal.
What do you do for fun?
“No, I haven’t.” The Doctor frowned, she looks over at JaeChun.
I like to draw the color layer especially during my designing because when I change the mode to overlay, I can readily see whether or not I am going to want to darken or lighten the thread layer so it corresponds to my palette.
· Eddie Dean, president, Pacha
They can choose to do their homework and reap the rewards at school, or they can choose to avoid their homework, and suffer the consequences of turning in an incomplete assignment. There is no reason for us to yell and scream and try to persuade our children to do their assignments. All that does is raise our blood pressure and make those little veins on the sides of our heads stick out. Besides, we can't remember our kids' names when we're mad and yelling and it's really hard to be in control when we have to spit out five names before we get to the right one!
The only winner if the EDL goes down a political route is the government - and that is why various members of the EDL have suddenly started about politics.
Do you see the gorgeous (IMO) photo above? I took it a year or two ago using a reverse macro lens. Otherwise known as the “poor man’s macro,” a reverse macro is when you take the lens off your SLR camera, flip it around (so the part that is typically attached to the camera is pointed at the subject) and you either hold it there, steady with your hand, or you attach it via some other method. This allows you to get very close to your subject get an interesting photo, and not pay for a macro lens.
Whenever I've watched Dance Moms with her, my reaction to said moms constantly bitchin' and moanin' about the dance teacher's constant bitchin' and moanin', the questionable taste in costumes and routines, the apparent favoritism, and the snarky backstabbing and sniping at each has been the same:
One of the things I’m getting used to as a foreigner in a land where everything looks unusual – from the fruit and veg to the billboards – is things not being what they at first appear to be. How many times have I been walking past what looks like a ramshackle mishmash of cardboard, metal sheeting and wood only to catch a glimpse of someone asleep on a mattress inside? Just about every shop sign in Westlake says it is either a Bia Hoi, Ca Fe or Deli. Just how many delis and coffee shops can there possibly be!?
Are many councils about to hit the wall financially?
Finally, we have a good friend who works for a large local church. They were having a ski trip up at Mt. Baker for the middle school kids and needed chaperons. Our friend Lindsay invited Ty and myself to chaperon. It was great! Ty drove the bus and had a great day on the hill. I spent most of my day teaching a couple of girls how to ski. And I really liked it. One of them was really cautious and did pretty much exactly what I told her. The other one had a little trouble listening and took off down the hill. Straight down, no snow plowing, nothing. She eventually fell down, losing all of her equipment. To be honest, I thought she had to have broken something. But she was fine. A little shaken up, and she finally listened to me on how to ski. I also got a good run in with Ty and Lindsay. We all went to dinner at a pizza place, where I got a full cup of ice water dumped in my lap, and we ended the day with a movie. This morning, I woke up incredibly sore. Yep, it was a great day at the hill. :)
Chatham House is “the home of the Royal Institute of International Affairs for over eight decades.” Dr. Cornish’s resume is no less impressive:
Can Barely Get Up in the Morning? If You’re Exhausted in the Morning, Here’s Why!
Friday of that same week, hours after my lunchtime workout, I noticed that my shirt's tag wasn't itching my back as much as usual. Yeah. Tags don't bother you when your top is on inside-out and they're hanging out the back of the blouse.
"What about all the games you've played and all of your data," you wonder? Well, I could transfer the data from the red 3DS to the more-appropriately-colored one. That means all the completed puzzle murals, game player data, Miis, everything, would all get to move to the prettier, vastly superior 3DS.
Other than that, I've just been tutoring, and sometime in the next week or so, I'm sure I'll be meeting up with Jane and our new colleague. We start class two weeks from Monday! I cannot believe that. Where did time go?
OG: 1.054
pizza peel or non melting cutting board
Despite the pain of the past months, I am grateful for the good, bad, and ugly. Because it’s really all just beautiful.
These are what I'll be tending in the future. These are the curving paths I will follow.
You need to get a ticket here. Cool thing is - you put your money in a vending machine and get a ticket for that amount. Then, every time you use it, money is subtracted. You can recharge the same card. I'm like a total authority on the CTA now! Aren't you impressed? (By the way, the attendant thought I was nuts for taking a picture of this. He asked me, "Is it really that interesting?" I was afraid he'd think I was even more insane if I told him I was going to blog about it.)
The post-symbolists’ issue with Stanford football’s suicide letter revolves around the idea of “Jungian-epic dualistic banality”, an idea they claim was first put forth by Belgian philosopher Ivan O. Godfroid in his seminal Psychiagenia: A Gauge Theory for the Mind-Brain Problem (Neuroquantology, 2003). In its letter Stanford football claims that something similar to Jungian-epic dualistic banality is the primary cause of the poor attendance, low enthusiasm and general apathy of a Palo Alto home crowd, though the letter calls the phenomenon “because we sucked for so long”-ism. Post-symbolists interpret the lack of an acknowledgement of Godfroid as borderline plagiarism.
Five hours after McCall was attacked, three people at 634 16th St. were threatened by a man with a handgun and assaulted, police said. Officers arrested four suspects. Police Arrest 7 In New Wave Of Downtown Attacks
My gut was telling me it was time to go & bugger me it's probably right...again! This isn't the first tricky (slightly reckless) decision I've ever made, when I was 20 I left a good job to go back to uni & complete my degree, when I was 27 I left my first marketing job with no where to go. At the time there were people around me who said I was making bad decisions that I would live to regret. One particularly supportive boss suggested as a result of my decision I would be, & I quote 'unemployable'. Both worked out fine & led me to where I am now, so at 33 making another significant change, I just have to trust that there's no reason why it won't be ok this time too.
Serves 8.
Your responses are most welcome in the comment section below.
At 7.20 a.m. on this day 1st July in 1916, the mine at Hawthorn Ridge was detonated and one of the costliest offensives of World War One began. Approximately 20% of the fighting force were lost by the end of that first day, and the succeeding months were to see many more lives lost and families torn apart by grief at the loss of a brother, husband or son.
Pork-free (no alcohol used in cooking).
It’s important to note that the differences between print and digital are big too. Print uses a four colour process CMYK (cyan,magenta,yellow,black) or Pantone colours, whereas web uses RGB (red, green, blue). Sometimes colour matching is impossible between the three, so keep that in mind if you want your website to reflect the look of your print book.
This Bolthouse Farms Honey Mustard dressing is yogurt based, and 1 serving, which is 2 tablespoons (just about what I put on the plate), is 45 calories and 1.5 grams of fat. Fantastic! Honey mustard is one of my favorite dressings and dips, and I’m particularly fond of this brand.
I love stitching these Seasonal Boxer Kits...they are so much fun and very enjoyable to stitch. When I get them all done and all framed I am going to take a picture of them altogether and post it. I just have one more Seasonal Boxer to do and that is Autumn.
One of the unconstitutional findings (relative to the "seizure/forfeiture bond") by the Honorable Judge Simpson was that:
It's not easy. I have to remind myself daily that 'God is good'. Satan is always there trying to make me believe otherwise...and he wants me to believe that it is the things of this world that matter.
I think I’ll work on fudge today…and maybe start the cheese logs. And I’ve still got a project to knit for this weekend. It may sound like I’ve procrastinated on some of these things…but really, I haven’t. It actually is nice to have some tasks to do now – it would feel really weird to just sit and wait for Christmas! I would second-guess myself and wonder if I had gotten the right things or enough….
For those of you wanting to visit Charleston and find these places...
Part 3 of 5 Continued May 1, 2012
The fourth; he broke into a roar;
The tanning lotion itself is a non coloured cream. The website states :
The surds are the boatmen of Methuselah, Uri said I heard
Meanwhile, heat the milk and water in a saucepan over medium heat; it should steam and bubble a bit but not boil. When it reaches that bubbling point, add the cornmeal while whisking constantly. Continue to stir while the polenta thickens, about 4-5 mins. (It can take up to 10 mins., depending on the cornmeal you use and the thickness you desire.) When the polenta reaches a consistency you like, add the butter, salt, pepper & parmesan cheese and stir gently until the butter is melted; serve hot with a spoonful of sauce over the top. Leftover cold polenta can be sliced and browned in a skillet for a tasty breakfast treat.
If a customer comes to visit you, they are there for a reason!!! With the changing environment of retail, more customers are showing up in stores, informed, educated and ready to buy. Did you catch that?? Ready to buy! The thing is that a lot of customers today want to be given the opportunity to say “yes”. As a sales person, you are viewed as an expert! As a customer, we want confirmation from an expert. By asking for my money, you as the sales person are giving me confidence in my decision.
The heading of this post is the tagline of a wonderful book that I’m reading currently. I was browsing in a bookshop( one of my favorite occupations) when I happened upon this book in the non-fiction section. The title was ‘Leading Ladies’ penned by Sudha Menon. For a moment I stood there, indecisive about picking up the book. When I did pick up the book, I turned a few pages, put it back on the shelf, moved on, then came back, looked at it some more and then on an impulse decide to buy it. And boy, am I glad I bought it.
but still use motivation on your way to bail
STECKEL CM. Mandatory influenza immunization for the health care workers – an ethical discussion. AAOHN 2007; 55: 34-39.
stumbling upon
crafts and me stamp - hannah lynn - bookworm fairy
I’ve been feeling a bit introverted for the last few days, which means I haven’t been reading much. I’ve been more in the mood for coloring and watching movies.
Love it or hate it, summer is on its way and what better way to welcome it than with your new Ray-Ban Wayfarers? With their cool retro-funky designs, Ray-Ban’s new S/S 2012 Rare Prints Collection is a must-have for every summer-loving beachgoer, or for someone who simply has an eyewear fetish (are there any of you out there?). Available in a variety of shades and colours to choose from, be sure to grab these babies real quick; you never know how many eyewear fetishists already have this on their wish list (I know I do!). Personally, I love the super multi-colored version (shown below) but for the more conservative types, the shades also come in more subtle tones. Happy shopping!
Honestly... that's all i could think of.
Well, it was too late. We were on a stage which had curtains, they opened them and by that time you're committed. The guy became comatose halfway through the gig though, so he couldn't actually leave -- he slid down the bar and lay on the floor… probably just as well.
Anything the way
I was curious what some official definitions were for the word respect. Here is what I found:
MANY UFOS ARE FAKE
There’s trouble in the wind, my boys, there’s trouble in the wind,
Leapbeer #131 is Indica Pale Ale by Lost Coast Brewery
The sad thing is, on my Velib ride home, I realized I haven’t been this excited about new flavors in Paris for a long time. I haven’t tried anywhere new in so long. I haven’t been eating out enough. Alors, September’s agenda: dine, baby, dine!
Contact: Steven Gibson, (270) 745-3019; or Louis Strolger, (270) 745-6204.
Seems like an age since I got in my crafty room. But today being Bank Holiday and my hubby at work it is the ideal opportunity.
I came back feeling relaxed in a way that I haven't in a long time. Of course, I also came back to the realization that Quilt Market is 3 weeks away, and I'm nowhere close to ready, so I'm trying to hold on to a little shred of that relaxation while I get caught up and start sample sewing like a madwoman!
An example of a MA jeep with the square registration “USA”:
In Romans 15, God’s word says ,”May the God who gives endurance and encouragement give you the same attitude of mind toward each other that Christ Jesus had, so that with one mind and one voice you may glorify the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ. Accept one another, then, just as Christ accepted you, in order to bring praise to God.”
Even if we ignore the vexing question of how Option 2 could be ordered, let alone implemented, without hurling a country into a non-electoral discontinuity, we need to ask a few questions about its utility in comparison with other options, which, as I suggested above, now seem to me to be slightly broader than I had suggested originally in SGW. So let us suspend our disbelief for a moment. Imagine that a hypothetical Wilders government announces that most Muslims and people of Muslim heritage are to be deported from the Netherlands, without the country descending directly into chaos. In this case, we could say with some confidence that many, if not all, of the following consequences would be observed:
And then one must take the following steps:
“Political differences shouldn’t be a barrier (for any assemblyperson) to assist the state in (carrying out) measures that would benefit the people,” said Sultan Sharafuddin Idris Shah when opening the state assembly.
File size: 83Mb
within
I may just find shapes in the blue.
I live in England and the London Rioting started because one guy was shot dead by the police as the young guy had a gun but there was no proof that the young guy tried to used it so the young people thought this was wrong and started the first day of rioting.
The papers were not a diagnosis but they answered a lot of questions I had. It was a start. The results? Gilliam Asperger’s Disorder Scale – Standard Score 82.
Have you danced in the Hoedown yet? It's a great challenge with some of the funniest digi's around. Go and have some fun, and as always, keep crafting!!
03-Lexicon Devil
Below I take the liberty of quoting from a mail correspondence with the coordinator in charge.
She is a little off on some of these. Chicken is not my favorite food, but we do eat a lot of it because it is healthy and versatile and Justin Bieber(JB) is not my favorite singer...he is hers. The rest are spot on. I do like green, I do love to run and shooting bad guy movies are my very fav!
Many of the basic principles of this world are based on the philosophy of fear (just scan popular media–they keep us watching by keeping us afraid) and the economics of scarcity. “Don’t take a risk and pursue your dreams, you might be hungry for a day.” Better to hate your work and have security than live free. “Don’t offer compassion to him; he might hurt you.” Better to let others suffer than risk potential suffering. “Don’t give them too much of what you have, someday you might need more.” Better to hoard what little I have than help someone who has less.
In case we do want to be as followers of Christ taken up in the community of Christians we should have the same gospelfaith as Christ Jesus. Like Jesus trusted his Father we should trust him and Him who had send him. As Jesus told us to pray to the Father we should trust that Father as well.
All that "fun stuff" that I talked about that we do ALL the time with the kids--is FREE stuff! (or if not free, practically free)
That "all cute and shit" comes from my girl, Totsy. If you are not acquainted with Totsy Mae, please go check her out. I purely love her to pieces.
Historically speaking, flash fiction is nothing new although the term itself didn't come about until the early 1990s. Some of Aesop's fables have retroactively been dubbed flash fiction, as have some of the more airy stories of H.P. Lovecraft. The greatest piece of flash fiction ever written is often referred to as the shortest story ever written, although surely someone somewhere has attempted to usurp that distinction in word count if not in quality. Apocryphally attributed to Ernest Hemmingway in some instances, the fact that the author's true identity will never be known with any certainty only heightens its power. It's like a message in a bottle that has washed upon our culture's shore. Six words, that is all. So simple and yet it has it all.
MYLUNE: Ohhhh aren’t wyverns just that most wonderful, flappytastical creatures?!
Live from Lucy's cranium in her sanitarium
Why American men should boycott American women
The hold area of the giant sudcrawler is dim. Art pulls a
I will not be sharing any recipes this time unfortunately as the experiments are incomplete. Till then!
If Islamic anger at the west was the result of allied the attacks on Afghanistan and Iraq, why was it they made their first attempt to blow up the New York world trade centre in 1993 and how come they were out on the streets of Islamabad and Karachi, calling for jihad against America within weeks of their successful second attempt in 2001 and well before any attack on Afghanistan let alone Iraq.
Real finish their championship-winning campaign at the Bernabeu next weekend against Mallorca needing a win to set a new Liga record of 100 points in a single season, while Granada visit Madrid to face Rayo Vallecano in a direct scrap for survival.
Hop over to Michelle's blog to see what she created...I'm sure it will be creative and adorable! Thanks for playing along, Michelle!
***Buy It All Bundle: all 4 stamp sets, plus the polka dot ribbon nest retail $63.85 on sale for $57 for the first 48 hours after the release.
Two weeks ago, the NA submitted a detailed proposal on operationalising the integration process and the structure of the new directorate. It has been flexible on standard norms of entry (education, age, marital status), and the nature of training courses for those to be integrated. For an institution that was viscerally opposed to integration, the NA leadership’s recent constructive attitude is positive.
Paper- Chocolate Chip, Rich Razzleberry and Whisper White Cardstock (Su!)
But this strategy didn’t work. The Brough workers and the anti-arms activists were soon cheering and applauding each other’s comments, particularly those about diversifying to work on renewable energy to move away from arms and keep jobs at Brough. Today, we were able to tell the workers at Brough that we’re on their side. Serious government investment in renewable energy – a far more stable prospect for the future than arms – would make use of engineering skills in Britain and could save lives in Bahrain.
In her book on Times Square redevelopment, Times Square Roulette, author Lynne Sagalyn described Stuckey's attitude toward deal making, while at the city's Public Development Corporation, "more closely matched the maxim 'the ends justify the means.'"
a handful of Cadbury’s mini eggs
Look at the fruit that union-busting bears for the wealthiest Americans:
AND STYLE!
If you are interested there is a programme about the exhibition on Sky Arts 2 on Thursday February 9 at 6pm, but if like me you do not have that channel, amongst the 101 channels that you do have, this clip may be of interest to you.
I love spending time finding out how I can get the expensive looks of high-end decor at a fraction of the price (if I do the work myself). I love seeing wonderful scrapbook layouts at a quick glance. I love pinning recipes for the crock pot or fun kid-friendly meals.
I love Alice Hoffman. I think her writing is so haunting and enchanting. The way she strings words together is absolutely breathtaking. Jodi Picoult is another favorite.
Year One:
Fulham picks up their first win over Liverpool at Anfield in the clubs history. The only goal of the match came in the fifth minute. The Cottagers Stephan Kelly nailed a shot into the box. The Reds Martin Skrtel put the ball into the back of his own net. Game, set, and match to Fulham.
LOVE what you see ~
The Bible teaches that all believers are part of a “royal priesthood” (1 Pet. 2:9), and that there is no intermediary between man and God except for the man Christ Jesus (1 Tim. 2:5). Still, if a man aspires to be a godly husband, he will assume responsibility to oversee the spiritual condition of his wife. (Building Strong Families, p. 103)
Just in at Georgie Emerson Vintage!
Add your blog post link to the linky underneath my Cake of the Week post and lets admire each other’s creations.
Sierra Nevada accomplished the trick by using a new, very rare hop called Citra but keeping all the other settings on normal. It's a distinctive hop and, according to the brewery, it is so rare there are only about three acres under cultivation:
I'll be looking at this pink rocker to get me through my Monday!
I have a history of looking stupid at the gym. Mortifyingly stupid. My friend Whitney and I used to go to Bally's together. We ended up going frequently because we had "gym boyfriends." A gym boyfriend/girlfriend is someone of the opposite sex who you only see at the gym. You do not speak words to each other, only the language of bicep curls and awkward glances from across the cardio machines.
Not me. I'm betting that by Christmas, if I've used my new HotPants faithfully until then, I'll still be able to slip comfortably into anything in my closet, with room to spare for all the inevitable goodies I know will be tempting me whichever way I turn!
Arlene T. Babakitis, 47, Secaucus, N.J.
Cain’s legacy is rebellion, heartache, and judgment. Abel’s is righteousness, justice, and saving faith. His life proclaims the central message of redemption: righteousness is by faith alone.
Alicia Condon – She’s the newest editor at Kensington, though she’s worked at other houses. She edits romance and is heading up the new YA program at Kensington. What she’s looking for in romance – great opening hook, every scene moves the story forward and builds the tension, and the book has intense emotion and an unforgettable ending. She doesn’t care what subgenre is in if you can give her a great story. She’s interested in “any kind of romance – from inspirational to erotica.” She heads up the Brava line of erotic romance – she’d especially like to see a “hot, contemporary western romance” for Brava.
I'm trying so very hard to make a daily 30-minute walk become involuntary. Not optional. Intrinsic to who I am. I've been working on this since October. I am not there yet at ALL. But the goal has been a worthy one, and I keep pushing for success. I mean, taking a shower is NOT OPTIONAL. How do we reach that mindset? And how can I get it to apply to a 30-minute walk? Shower. Of course. Walk. Of COURSE.
The soft colours are so pretty and work so well with the tag and butterflies. To see more of Jools's cards you can visit her blog here.
Nov. 29: Riverside Theater, Milwaukee, WI
The sad part of this journey to attain mind-body synchronization is that it is implicitly flawed by human hubris. Man’s character flaw of ego hides from man the manner in which Jiriki, salvation from within, can be attained. It is for this reason that one who desires to embrace Jiriki Kata-Do, inner salvation from Kata, must abandon and surrender human hubris.
Prep time: 5 minutes
Whether or not you go to church tomorrow.
1 cup (packed) golden brown sugar
The DVD cover was also designed by me, with very close collaboration with my sister-in-law. It was designed using her font choice, and images from the DVD. IT was definitely an exercise in meeting exactly what the clients wants.
Page count: 263 and an excerpt from the next book
Just call me Bo-Peep.
Those of us who are teachers, I pray we do realize our role. I know that I haven’t always realized the gravity of my role, but God has grown me and has shown me what a responsibility we have as teachers. Especially through teachings like today’s.
OK, it's currently rather heavy on the jangly white boy angsty intellectual-nerd music that I am always attracted to. But, it helps me get my sweat on.
Do you consume the Eucharist immediately or can you wait until you go back to your seat? (You consume the Eucharist immediately.)
While the current trends are a significant pointer to how new developments are taking place, what breathes a new life in the moribund system is that voters have become acutely aware of their role, rights and responsibilities. For far too long have they seen the divisive forces acting in the name of religion, caste and creed, the end-result of which is that the elite of political class have been garnering all the fruits of power for themselves leaving the people out in the cold once the elections are over and results declared. While the minorities continue to be in a sorry plight, the unfortunate among the majorities too feel cheated of a fair and due share of the cake. A British political scientist is credited with the view that elections are the best cleansing agent. Without it, there would be so much muck around as to choke the springs of democracy. The silent prayer of the Indian electorate has more or less always been: May the best one win! We desperately need a detergent like the one which washes the whitest as in the TV commercial ads proliferating by the day.
but the ladybugs and i have been back for five weeks already.
State: Sitting on an awesome patio at Cedar Creek. Perfect weather.
The heightened focus on psychedelics can be attributed to contemporary research which validates the therapeutic benefits of administering psychedelic drugs in unison with psychotherapy, when other conventional treatments fail. Further support of psychedelics has been garnered because of transparency and applied ethical standards to the research methods being used.
enjoying the moment
One of the interesting things that Josh and I discussed on Saturday night whilst drinking this beer, was the concept of the bomber size bottles (16, 18, or 22oz) and 12oz bottles. Sure, we mused, one could drink three beers in a single setting, but sometimes one would suffice. Or maybe, three different beers. Anyway, the point was that the larger bottles are not like wine after opened and really need to be drank in one sitting. So, the moral of the story was if you buy big bottles of beer, be prepared to drink it all or plan on sharing with an appreciative friend. If you're the one buying, your friend will be even more appreciative.
The song continues
So, Super Mom and Super Dad, give yourselves a break, too. Recognize the challenge of what you're doing and commit to the pursuit of better, for you and your children.
Are these aims in line with the views of most Minnesota voters?
This is really a chance at the local level to find every creative way we have to say “hey, federal legislators, if you all will actually step up and do what we know you know is right in the first place, you will not be punished for it.” And that’s why I’m actually really happy to be doing work at the local level because I literally think this is more important than talking to members of Congress right now, because they all know — they’ve all read all the position papers, they’ve read all the outcry, what they don’t know is whether they’re safe to do what is right. “
6 Write interesting Descriptions
Details of containment unclear.
SPEND $20 AND RECEIVE 10% OFF
Budget cuts: $385
We are using a really awesome photographer and going to a field, old train tracks, and a few other hot spots. The only bad part is that it is supposed to be a balmy 35 degrees when the flashes start going. I am excited about it, but have a few small items that I am praying for.
What will happen to the Passion conferences? Will they still continue?
Big changes will be coming to several West Reading streets this summer, thanks to $300,000 in grants from the state Department of Community and Economic Development.
“Neither party is blameless,” Obama said of the nation’s debt. “Both parties have a responsibility to do something about it.” Envisioning a way forward, the president said, “We need to put aside our differences to do what’s right for the country. Everyone is going to have to be willing to compromise. Otherwise, we’ll never get anything done.” Obama advocated a “balanced approach” to cutting the deficit that “goes after waste” and “makes some serious cuts to worthy programs” that wouldn’t be made “under normal circumstances.”… – CNN, 7-23-11
and pearls from Kort&Godt.
Having featured this lovely venue, I’d like to add what today’s secret actually is. When selecting a venue for your wedding, look past all the well-known venues that need to be booked two years in advance. Because these venues host so many weddings (sometimes up to 5 a week) – there’s a certain lack of intimacy and personalized service.
But don’t worry. For those of you who were going to bring pom-poms to the big race, there’s still hope.
Murano glass industry, thriving through the centuries, proves again today that, just like centuries ago, the tight community of glass workers is commited to carrying their craft through generations despite all changes that affect them. Like diamonds, Murano glass is there to stay forever.
d) a Byzantine emperor
Magic is also finely intrincated throughout the book, although it was too little, in my opinion. I wanted to know more about it! Since the next book, which I'm obviously planning to get my hands on soon, is titled Magic Study, I don't think I'll have to worry that much. The only downfall of this book was that it didn't invest me emotionally. I'm blaming a reading slump or something along those lines, because the story itself was very original and sweet.
They build shopping malls and national retailers change local buildings to suit their corporate style and when they move on leave a city reduced in local history and needing more new developments.
But Mr Hale did not know if the detention centre needed a funding boost.
The Battle: Both of these novels have strong openings. Greatshadow hits us with action from the first paragraph, quickly setting the stage for what promises to be very fun reading. Hell Train builds up a bit more slowly, but that's because the story is modeled after the style of the old Hammer horror films. I absolutely love how the first chapter, in which our protagonist arrives at the Hammer studio, is itself like a typical Hammer movie: the studio is in a secluded mansion, oddly quiet, where our hero meets a beautiful but enigmatic woman, while subtle hints of strangeness add to the gothic feel.
(2) The Crab & Garlic Alfredo Sauce
In any case, I now officially proclaim my love for the CBC. I think that we, as Canadians, should listen more. I think that we, as Canadians, should be proud that we have such privilege to have access to such content.
I wore my sunsuit when I played on the backyard swing set. But, you couldn’t get in the car wearing this. Oh, no, that would not be appropriate. I had to put on another outfit if I was going to leave the yard. That outfit had to stay in the yard. I guess I would have been labeled a tramp or something. Nowadays you can go to Walmart in your pajamas without anyone batting an eye, but back then, you couldn’t walk out of the yard in your bathing suit. No sir re Bob.
EPH 5:8 For you were once darkness, but now you are light in the Lord. Live as children of light 9 (for the fruit of the light consists in all goodness, righteousness and truth) 10 and find out what pleases the Lord. 11 Have nothing to do with the fruitless deeds of darkness, but rather expose them. 12 For it is shameful even to mention what the disobedient do in secret. 13 But everything exposed by the light becomes visible, 14 for it is light that makes everything visible. This is why it is said:
Potato and plantain chips
Exploitation
He looked away and stuttered his reply.
04. Won’t Stop (prod. by Mdusu)
Clarity, Communication, Cohesion and Continuity:
With the World Cup upon us, I thought John Doyle's (Globe and Mail columnist)"The World is A Ball" would be a handy read. So everytime I sit down to watch a match I bring it to the couch with me to read during half time or a commercial break. I started off not knowing if I was going to enjoy it because (even though I enjoy soccer) I have never really attempted to read a book about the sport or any other sport for that matter, so what a pleasant surprise to find that the book actually reads like a cross between a love story (the love of a man for a sport) and a travelogue (for he travels all across the world for his love, catching games in different continents).
He was off the floor and down for a head CT by 2313, which isn't too bad, timing-wise. Things seemed to move much more quickly, and I was always surprised when I looked at my watch.
#193 Paul Molitor - Great guy, and a Hall of Famer, so easily one of the best cards of the pack. I'm glad he won a World Series with Toronto in 1993 - he's one of those guys that you wouldv'e hated to see finish a career without a World Series ring.
Happy Independence Day.
back and forth
The tendency for people to become violent is indicative of the savage within us winning the conflict between it and our civilized selves. The “sickness” of illogical and senseless violence is no more blatantly obvious than crazed fans rioting and destroying property following a sports game, won or lost. Shame on them.
We had so, so, so many projects/assignments/activities going on this week that my kids were literally bogged down with work. I knew I wanted to see their memoir rough drafts and help them develop their ideas via a writing conference.
5. Whether you’re writing or GMing a game this is an important one to learn. You’re not telling a story, you’re facilitating the creation of good stories. Don’t be a frustrated writer, work that out in WRITING. Be a fulfilled game creator.
My name is Bryan Minor, I am the youngest of my fathers two sons. It is with a great deal of sadness and regret that I have found my way onto my fathers blog to post what will be "One Conservative Estimates" final post.
And you must always mind the fence that surrounds the village. The fence that protects the village from the Forest of Hands and Teeth.
I’ve been thinking a lot about how little time we get to serve missions and how fast that small amount of time seems to be going. At times it seems too fast but it just means that we have to be harder workers so that none of that time gets lost. I’ve been trying to make what I call mini lessons. Messages that would last 2-5 minutes and then we could give them to people who say they don’t have too much time to listen to us so that maybe we can get into more houses and have the chance to get more people excited to hear the others. I want to have ones ready about prophets and important differences like that. Things that really set us apart and show people why the Restoration is so important. Sadly the hardest part is selling my comp on the idea. We got into a fight this last week when I brought the idea up. I must admit that I think the idea is golden and you know me with that in mind I got a little locked up. He then made the defense that we could teach a full lesson in 5 minutes. So I asked him to give me one. He then rushed through the first lesson in a little under 2 minutes and gave me what I thought was an answer just to say ”told you so”. So then I made the wrong choice and said “well you missed this, that , you just said this, didn’t say that…’ Well as you can probably tell that didn’t go over too well.
Tuesday to Thursday 17:00 to 01:00
We have much more control over our interactions with other people. We can use traditional methods to talk, such as via mail, calling, talking in person; however, we can now talk by Internet, text, etc. And we now have much more control over the time, place, environment, background, etc.
Sadly Manou and Patrice hung up their aprons (well Patrice anyway) and they sold the restaurant. This left the Filles without a permanent meeting place. Other alternatives were tried, other restaurants, going to each other’s houses and bringing a dish, but no permanent solution was found until finally Carole asked if I would like to host the evenings chez moi. And that’s how the Tuesday Night Supper Club began.
How we think about something can have a profound effect on how we do that thing. Thinking of the process of software development as a search algorithm rather than as the process of building software can lead to making better decisions about the products we create and the way we go about creating them.
I have been looking at Kindle as a way to make some of the material I write for my newsletter, The Bourbon Country Reader, available to a wider audience. So this is, in part, an experiment.
This year when I got the announcement that reservations for the pitch sessions at the RT con were opening up, I simply chuckled as I deleted the email. At the con itself, I didn’t even step foot in the pitch areas to ogle the agents and editors in attendance. My obsession with all things trad publishing was effectively cured. Not that I wouldn’t accept the right trad deal should one come around, but my days of stalking such a contract seem to be over.
I hope you'll be inspired to create a DIY storage system for your craft tools...and please share any ideas that you have for organizing your craft rooms! I'd love to hear your stories, and I need all the help I can get! I'm on the verge of becoming a hoarder.
After lunch, we walked around the galleries and gourmet shops of downtown Carmel. I hadn't realized just how many lovely estate jewelry stores there were in town, very tempting! Still raining hard, we briefly drove to Carmel Valley and ran across an amazing dollhouse museum, before returning to Carmel for a pint and dessert at The Forge in the Forest where Kay's friend was working. Loved the copper walls of this little spot.
Yay me! I would have taken a picture, but you know me, the camera is not working :)
No wetness this time..
I moved eventually into a nice side suite by the beach still in Kelowna. It was beautiful there.
The bend of my hair,
The zombies in this movie have to be created through use of a machine that seems to be using electricity to bring the dead back to life. Yes, it’s science. Because the zombies are created in this way, there is no infection and no real risk of an accidental zombie horde. These zombies retain full brain functionality unless they’ve been brain dead for too long before resurrection, but even that rule isn’t really set in stone. This full brain function includes the zombie’s personality as well, as if they were still alive, unlike many zombie movies that will give complex thought processes, but take away most of the original personality. It’s suggested that the creator of the machine was somehow able to bring the soul back to the body, but that was never really explained, or even acknowledged in any way aside from one brief reference.
Favorite? I had a lot of them in my creative life. At first the idea is born in my head, it sits there for some time and then when the time is right I start to create and get totally involved into the process. My husband complains sometime that I am not there with him when I sew. I love fabric ( to the point that I can get almost sick from the excitement of being in a good fabric shop).
The adoption has been finalized, and she’s coming home with a baby. Bringing him home to a new, loving partner, to a family and circle of friends already in love with this child.
Nice, isn’t it?
You can't just build a network overnight, and trying to do so will just turn a lot of people off to you. Don't try to be so uber professional that you seem stiff and not like a normal person (unless that's "your thing," which is cool I guess but I probably just won't follow you). And don't try to get others to promote you by just asking everyone individually to promote you. What have you ever done for them? And why should they? Or you could be one of those people who just goes around following others so they'll follow you back (and then unfollowing them later so it looks like you have waaaay more followers than people who you follow. That makes you cool, dontcha know?) That's not only dumb, but it's also rude and it defeats the whole purpose of social networking, which I will go over below.
While Crone energy can help us make changes,
Also likely to be on the schedule: The next version of iOS, Apple’s mobile operating system for the iPhone and iPad.
Let’s go further and talk about ‘openness’ in the context of rising economic nationalism and a double dip recession which strains the fiscal rectitutde of all euro member states. Europe is going to become more conservative, more nationalistic and more xenophobic on European-wide issues like free trade, open borders, and free labour movement. The same is true in the US. As I said in April:
“Same thing I’m doin’ down ‘ere to his business.”
3. Natural Remedy for Headaches and Migraines: Water helps relieve headaches and back pains. These are sometimes caused by dehydration and replenishing your body with water can help. Although there are many other reasons contribute to headaches and migraines, dehydration is the common one.
It was really fun to make this, and then eat what we made. We then toured the rest of the facility and listened to how they make tofu on a very large scale (which I might add isn’t too different that how we made our tofu. It’s just more mechanized and efficient.)
Our policy in Central and South America under this administration has been abysmal. The way we have treated, in particular, countries like Honduras, Honduras, which stood up for the rule of law, which threw out a would-be dictator who was using the Chavez playbook from Venezuela in order to try to run for re-election in Honduras, and the United States government, instead of standing behind the — the people in the parliament, the people in the Supreme Court, who tried to enforce the constitution of Honduras — instead of siding with them, the Democrats, President Obama sided with two other people in South America — excuse me — Central America and South America. Chavez and Castro and Obama sided against the people of Honduras.
I'm off to pick up Carter from school and run Justin to the doc for allergy tests. Let's hope for good results! I always get antsy before a testing appointment. So hard not to get my hopes up that the results will be negative at last. Maybe this year?? Probably not, though...
Their preposterous claims can be disproved just by looking at the facts, but oddly, the journalists interviewing them never do that. Asking all the wrong questions, they just sit at the feet of these lying fools wagging their tails like spaniels.
YOUR VERY STUPID
There is not a Win-Win or an easy fix for this problem. Without a doubt, the repair costs for the current system will continue to rise. As these costs rise, additional cuts will have to be made (dollar for dollar) in other areas to offset these additional expenditures.
So I am on a mission. I am trying to find a cabin or lakehouse in a secluded area where we can spend a long weekend. I've been pinning ideas like Brown County, Indiana cabins onto Pinterest. I sat too long on the cabin I was eyeing and it became booked. I started expanding my search to other parts of Indiana. I don't want to drive more than 2 hours- keeping that busy-ness and stress down.
Cliffhangers are basically the last line or two at the end of a scene or chapter that leaves a reader hanging. It’s what makes them stay awake at night to read because they can’t put it down. Strategically, your best cliffhangers should come at the end of a chapter. It also pays to put them at the end of a scene.
In the case of heavy chariots, with four horses and such, Warmaster says to put them in a double sized base (80x80mm). So just use the 60x80mm base (ready to use with FOG) and add some fillers or a movement tray for Warmaster.
Maud Haviernick, 29 - materials engineering
and to understand.
But I certainly understand the appeal: the "zombie plague" trope may be trite and overdone and ripe for paraody and simply boring by now, but the reason it lingers in pop culture is pretty much solely attributable to the success George Romero found in his original Dead films - specifically, Night of the Living Dead and Dawn of the Dead (although I know that Day has its fans as well). Those films are "zombie movies," but (and this is hardly a new idea, so please forgive the reiteration) they aren't about zombies. Zombies have no personality, no charisma, no presence. The point is simply to see what happens to people when you put normal people in the pressure cooker of an impossible situation of survival in the face of the strangest, most soul-deadening circumstances possible. Zombies aren't individually a threat, but they tend to come in waves, and the immanent threat posed by tons of decaying flesh possessed by an insatiable appetite has a tendency to shred even the sturdiest disposition.
1143. Mozz Sticks & Buffalo Wings @ Wild Wing Café (Asheville, NC) 12:36 p.m.
Name: BOYZ NITE OUT K-POP FESTIVAL
I wouldn’t exactly say that separateness is an illusion, as many non-duality teachers would. Not an illusion but an aberration – something which exists but shouldn’t. Children don’t experience separateness; they exist in a state of natural relatedness to the world. This is one of the reasons why childhood is so wonderful – because the child feels connected to everything around them, in a participatory flow with all experience, with no ‘in here’ or ‘out there.’
Margot chases her friend to Scotland, determined to prove her guilty of murder. No one will stop Margot. Not the SAS agent sent to watch her…and not the Scottish lord legend says murders his lovers when they cannot free him from the spell that has imprisoned him in Castle Morrison for three hundred years.
Designer cupcakes: the perfect way to treat your taste buds to "couture" ;)
The film opens with Al, a 50 year old white man running a small beach diner in Hallandale, Florida. He confidently believes America to be the land of equal opportunities where any man with a little ambition, who isn't lazy, can always make a living; an America where ordinary working men have more protection, more freedom of speech, than anywhere in the world. “If you don’t like your president you can tell him where to go without being put against the wall and shot”. The next 90 minutes don't tally with Al’s assumption.
- Chest and spine attachment for the necklace, right and leaft hand for the bracelet.
being a dodger fan, this is one of the tougher multi-player rookie cards to pick up, especially in the upper midwest. thanks doug camilli for making it difficult.
so i have returned home from an easy day of college with a spring in my step and have dragged a recliner out into my 4 metre square of a city garden, stripped down to a lame american apparel bikini top and some old shorts and withstack of magazines and lee scratch perry blaring from the stereo inside the house, am fully understanding the word "bliss".
5. Witch Hunt 4:49
“Ford is a much-valued local company as well as a highly successful global company and the bestselling vehicle manufacturer in Britain for 35 years. That success is in no small part down to Ford’s committed former workers.
Thou that wast born at sea, buried at Tarsus,
And that’s the message in a nutshell. Of course a win-win compromise is often a very tough nut to crack for those in the corporate community, and compromising with grace, even more so. The 3rd Alternative provides a whole toolbox of nutcrackers.
Okay, so technically, I'm supposed to be on hiatus.
Pam Wardell, a drama expert based in Edinburgh, does a wonderful production of Brian Wildsmith’s version of The Sun and the Wind.
When my oldest child was in school she decided she wanted to participate because the school was making a big deal about the prize the kids would get at the end of the week. We told her that we'd support her in participating but her sisters were very little and weren't going to participate, and there were two shows that the adults wanted to watch after she went to bed during that week. At the end of the week she got her prize, which turned out to be just a sticker. She was not impressed by the sticker and that was the last time we gave into the hype around Screen Free Week.
(2) Apples and Oatmeal
I think that’s called a bait and switch.
Many coffee shops are now offering oatmeal with nuts (skip the sugar by using honey instead and save the dried fruit for later in the name of proper food combining: combining fruit and grain together can cause fermentation in the gut and bloating). Many menus don’t advertise the oatmeal or the honey, so you need to ask.
The film is not the most perfect but it has a quality to it that keeps you engaged and entertained. There is no question that Williams carries the film on her shoulders and doesn’t waiver for even a second. It is refreshing to have a year of film that has some of the most perfect casting in years and My Week With Marilyn is no exception. With Kenneth Branagh playing Sir Laurence Olivier to perfection it is one of the few movies that quickly pulls you into it’s world to the point you forget you are watching actors and you feel you are just an observer of the time. It is a fine tribute and homage to one of the most remembered and revered persons of the 20th century.
3 trinity
We have an opportunity to build on the extraordinary courage of people in our own country in the Occupy Movement and in the Arab world engaged in nonviolent resistance demanding freedom and justice. How can Ithaca strengthen the Occupy movement and ensure that America is on the side of those in the streets of America and the Arab world demanding justice?
Or is it? We hadn't thought we were small-minded parents of narrow vision. But doubts emerged. How would a child for whom every stimulating educational luxury has been afforded cope with the realities of first jobs or of no jobs? With the mundanity of filing, with necessary but repetitive tasks, or with getting up in the middle of the night, again, sleepless, again, to change a filled nappy? Brilliant, life-enhancing opportunities, but leading to a sense of unrealistic entitlement? Who knows.
The poet observes his surroundings and imagines changing, shifting, the universe. I love poems like these because I can picture myself lost in thought, too, listening to the ocean waves and thinking about life, death, and the universe. This poem does and creates a backdrop for us to imagine ourselves in, a view of the green pier and the water sloshing in such a way that it seems to be talking. This is another beautiful poem.
I also think it provides the opportunity to really exaggerate your narrative. Instead of just sharing your simple struggle, it now seems like embellishing, simply so people will either provide a response or simply fill the need for our insecurities to be stroked.
This is not the place for a full discussion of the many huge social and economic changes that took place in the 19th. century, so I have contented myself with a quick mention of just Disraeli and Bismarck. Those two do not remotely, however, exhaust the list of interesting conservatives from that time. There were in fact many conservatives of the time who acted in ways that upset stereotypes popular today. A good place to start exploration of that would probably be any history of the life and works of Richard Oastler. He was a notable predecessor of Disraeli in worker-welfare agitation and legislation yet was also, like Disraeli, a high Tory. By modern standards he would be the most hopeless reactionary yet he was also a passionate and effective advocate for the welfare of the workers. History is very good at overturning simple theories! And I think it should already be clear that the concept of conservatism as opposition to change is one of the silliest of all theories.
I’m here to tell you that it’s safe to exercise throughout your third trimester, right up until your due date (and beyond if you choose!). Several of my clients continue attending my Pregnancy Fitness and Pilates classes right up until they give birth as I’ve already said, and many want to, because it helps them sleep better, it helps them deal with stress/anxiety, and it gives them an hour of structured exercise in their day which not just benefits them, but it also benefits their baby as well.
7 Year old Sammy Davis Jr
Oppression – Equality
In the meadow we can build a snowman,
Barely a whimper of warmth for us
Caffeine is capable of modulating the release of positive mood transmitters. A similar study conducted by the Harvard School of Public Health showed that men would do well to have at least six cups of coffee everyday to lower their risk of developing prostate cancer by up to 60%. According to the results of the study, even a cup (or three) of café noir would be powerful enough to lower the risk of prostate cancer by 30%. Besides preventing prostate cancer, coffee is also believed to be able to prevent the formation of carcinoma, which is the basal cell that causes most common cancers.
She was shocked and disappointed when she exclaimed, "What? I thought you were a brave woman who could handle living in Iowa!"
“No … No truth or no dare… just eat and let’s go Home!” Akshay replied while taking Menu Card in hand.
promoting Marlboro and Miller High Life.
May the Fourth was a busy, busy day!
A Muslim student was forced to taste pork while undertaking a culinary education. She wanted an exemption from this, Aftenposten writes. The educational facility in Holstebro in Denmark now refuses to accept a fine of Dk 75,000 and the case will go to court.
Our time together ended as Mr Fawkes got a phone call that calls him away on urgent business, but that I suspected was prearranged to ensure he could make a polite exit.
Can you grasp the adventures they may have had?
All entries must be received by midnight, March 31st. Depending on the number of entries we receive, Jennifer and I will choose finalists, from which we will ask Chef Zimmern to pick the winning entry. A round-up of all entries and the announcement of a winner will be posted within one week of the deadline.
Sure, they are fun and cheesy, but that has nothing to do with being one of the greatest artists of all time.
The thinking behind this purchase is really because I don't want to overcrowd my house. No offense, but I've seen other people's house with baby or babies, it seems their space is being monopolized by babies stuffs and I have two infants to boot ya know so in a sense I should really have double of everything right?. So at 4 months old I bought these bebePods Plus for them to learn to sit and hoping they can use them as high chairs so I don't have to buy 2 brand new high chairs so soon. They came with a tray and mat as well as the toy that you can attached to it. As of now at 6 months and 1 week old, these chairs are attached to our dining chairs. I do however have concern that once they get bigger these chairs won't fit them anymore and I will end up buying high chairs THAT soon if you know what I mean? But I will think about it when that time comes. Oh..there is one thing that I don't really like...the mat as well as the toy that you can attach to the tray, turned out to be quite annoying. My babies can pull them out so they play with it, drop them to the floor and making mess haha.
It still needs to be tweeked and then tweeked some more.
Psalm 122:6
Abbie has taken to climbing around on the roof of the cage upside down and then settling down for sleep with her head underneath the Cuttlefish. Very strange behaviour!
“Undoubtedly the effort that has done most to impress the deepest things of the Spirit of God upon the Christian Endeavor movement is the so-called ‘Quiet Hour.’ . . . . Because there may be some who read these pages who may not understand the inner meaning of the Quiet Hour, or what the old writers understand by ‘practising the presence of God,’ the writer. . . tries to tell his young friends just how the Quiet Hour may be spent. ‘Our Bible is open, perhaps to the familiar passage which reveals the wondrous truth that man dwells in God, and God in man, as John records it. Seek to realize this stupendous fact, for all Scripture is a lie if it is not a fact. Say to yourself over and over again: ‘God is here. God is here. God is within me. I am His child. God is my Father’.” (Clark, Christian Endeavor, supra, pp. 525-526).
I have wonderful parents who would do anything for me. We were blessed to have a home full of love when I was growing up, but I completely took this for granted as being the norm. It was only when I grew older and some friends spoke about their families that I realised that we had it quite good. I am grateful for this most of the time.
I'd love to see AK make a comeback, though I doubt it ever will. At least commercially. There's no reason why you home brewers can't bring it back to life at home.
Until then, I’ll be ignoring any calls or demands from B (they don’t come from her number anymore at this point anyway…which is typical in these situations). I’m convinced that the only reason they called to complain the night before they had to be out was to lay out the groundwork that she “had no idea” she had to move, and all of this “well, I told you…” is pissing me off – I absolutely cannot stand being lied to. We have the upper hand, and we’ll keep it – and hopefully this will be a distant memory in a few months.
This could not be good. I rushed to the front door to find out what all of the hub-ub was about. What I saw was reminiscent of this;
Isn't tinking kind of like life with kids?
Free State Brewing Co. Thomas Paine Porter
My hip is still a bit sore, but it is certainly feeling better as of late.
Silver: Saint Arnold Oktoberfest, Saint Arnold Brewing Co., Houston, TX
As an avid blogger who enjoys scrolling through tweet after tweet, I do enjoy the sarcastic and mocking humor aimed at Greek life, journalists, Chicago, etc. Throughout this past semester, though, jokes are going just a bit too far. Take blog sites such as Total Frat Move (TFM) and its companion site, Total Sorority Move (TSM). The TFM pledge jokes are admittedly funny, as are the big-sis and little-sis jokes on TSM. However, they’ve increasingly become degrading and flat out offensive. Here’s just a taste of what “real” fraternity men and sorority women apparently are like:
This card is just for show: a black and white card with several dies. But I couldn't tell what brand they are, the swirl however is Marianne Design.
I'd like to have a witty little way to wrap this one up, but I don't. In fact, trying to think of one is making me even more anxious. And, none of us want that, do we?
Papers : Sunday Picnic and Everyday Poetry by Webster's Pages
Also last week i was privileged to sample Laddu an Indian sweet normally bought for special occasions. Pronounced La-doo the ingredients can vary but the basic recipe is flour, nuts, sugar, and butter. One of our employees had a baby boy so he was handing these out like cigars. It was very good and the sweet texture fell apart quickly in your mouth. Do I look fat in these jeans?
Kumbh Vivah is just like a normal wedding. For example if a girl has a Manglik Dosh then she has to perform this ritual. Everything would be like the real wedding. Girl has to wear the wedding dress and jewelery along with a thread. Parents do "Kanya Daan" and "Phere" are also taken with the Mud pot. Priest has to be invited to chant the Mantra's and end up everything like a real human wedding. Later on the girl has to change the clothes, remove the thread and that thread is tied over the Mud pot and the pot later on is drown in some river or pond without letting some one know. Once the Ritual is done the girl is out of Manglik Dosh and she can now merry to the actual person and will not be having any further issues after wedding.Her husband is now safe from her Mangal Dosh.
Mothlight -- Stan Brakhage
Here’s Milbank’s beef:
Joss Whedon, the director of The Avengers movie, and the man behind such cult hits as Firefly, Dollhouse, Buffy, and Dr. Horrible’s Sing-Along-Blog, even said, “It was a story about broken people. It was a story about what we’ve lost what we used to have culturally, in terms of the sense of community, this sense of helping one another, this sense of self-sacrifice. ”
And loves me like Jesus does.
Now having said that I will likely back on deck full steam again in days, knowing me.....can't keep me down long.
Since they evidently don’t…
If you listen all the way through, I thought the line about how to have a very long conversation with an 8-year-old was delightful.
Russ: “I don’t rightly know that I can say more about it. It just got to me. You don’t have to be a writer to have that experience when an event or something you see or some person suddenly gets to you, and there it is, you suddenly have to do something about it. Can’t say more than that.”
"Alright, we have to make sure." i prompted. "Let me hit you with something."
Are you ready for tomorrow's Thanksgiving Feast??
I cheated on the dandelion with a clover.
Astrology as predicative science in Western Context
I've had papers picked and Hollyday Gwen from Some Odd Girl mostly colored since January; I was supposed to be making my BF a Valentine's Day card. I couldn't figure out how I wanted to color the dress or how I wanted to lay out the papers and stamp! SO... maybe I'll give it to him as a surprise over the weekend. I tried something different when coloring Gwen. I was thinking about how I'm pretty yellow under my brown, and tried coloring her skin in one of the yellows (I think it was Y04.) before I went in with the normal browns. I think it came out nice!
Other locations of Fat Burger:
My seventh grade math teacher was yet another victim of my evil mind, but really as you will see it was her own fault.
*Involving audience members in the magical presentations
Click the picture below to view the comic!
So, being homeschooler, you can bet I see a geography project somewhere in the near future. I’ll tell you when I come up with it. In the meantime, if you have friends or family around the world in countries not on this list, would you send them a link to this post and ask them to post a comment telling me what country they are from, how much a gallon of gas costs, and how much a gallon of milk costs? (Actually, I don’t have that information for the countries listed, and I’d love to hear from my international readers, so even if your country is on that list, please leave me a comment with that information.) Any additional information about your country of residence would be great as well, I think my kiddos (and me) would be interested in hearing any information about the nuances of the many different countries around the globe, how you spend your day, the social structure, culture, etc.
Robert Cecil was Secretary of State as well as Leader of the House of Commons, and made earnest efforts to regulate the private lives of citizens into a neat and tidy pattern. His paternal policy was one that has often since led to disaster. He tried to enforce economy by law; it was 'most necessary' to insist on coarser bread, and thinner beer, and fewer ale-houses, and 'opening hours' for them; they must be closed at least one day a week (as in the modern 'Six Day Licence') and then, so he argued, people would grow more food. Sheep-grazing was also wrong, and must be replaced by crops of hemp and corn; though as he added, 'in these last few wet years', their deaths might as reasonably be blamed on the weather. Cecil's piety failed to convince some of the M.P.s that men should be 'compelled by penalties', as one complained, to grow the regulation amounts of wheat and hemp, etc.
Of the many gardens in the building, only two are open to the public. It is nice to know that 5,000 red bricks from the old library had been saved and form one wall in one of the outdoor garden.
Well I didn't tell her that she was waisting her time.
Amitie Circle BOM
See that yellow and pink bag? It’s chock full of nothing but beads and glitter. Ernie and I wandered away from the kids’ section in search of some debauchery but everywhere we looked were strollers and toddlers. Where was I supposed to throw my beads?! Past the art for sale and the puppet animal stalls, past the bead stalls and picnickers we went in search of the fabled Party Gras. We headed toward the press of people on the pier, but when we got there, that’s all there was really. Just lots of people, milling about. There were costumes a-plenty, more than a few pirates, and an Elvis on stilts who sweet-talked all the ladies.
For exercise, I required shoes and clothing for walking, sync'd my ipod, got rid of my favourite biscuits, chocolates and sweets (that was fun ;) and stocked up on healthy alternatives and water bottles.
Rat’s coat, crowskin, crossed staves
Keep it hipster keep it fresh keep it real
A small boutique:
McIntosh ED, Menser MA. A fifty-year follow-up of congenital rubella. Lancet 1992; 340: 414-415.
The Winner Takes it All
“Yeah honey,” Peter March said to his wife over the cell phone looking out his New Orleans hotel room window. “Negotiations here in Shreveport have run into a few snags. I’m certain to be here for at least two more days, the client came up with new demands and is being a royal dick about several points that were settled long ago.”
bolt and nut.
He doesn't sleep through the night yet, and part of me is glad - that's part of continuing the lacational amenorreah I'm enjoying right now. The other part of me is tired, but not as tired as you might think. I wish I could go back to the time right after Roo was born and tell myself all the tricks!
Stamps: Sweet Summer, Noteworthy (retired)
C) Death of Wife.
and a revolt began leading to the Texas Revolution against Mexico
They lit the first candle on the large menorah at Mel Lastman Square today. The public square in the heart of Toronto's northern most suburb is a hub of activity year round but when Chanukah and Christmas approach, there's an extra special warmth in the air.
This past Saturday, celebs rubbed elbows with White House power players and media pros at the White House Correspondents’ Dinner. What does this mean for us regular people? We get to see Kim Kardashian and Lindsay Lohan at the White House…I thought both of their looks missed the mark, almost as if they tried a little too hard. Click on their names to judge for yourself. Below are a few of my favorite looks of the evening.
I just love ginghams, and blue is my favorite color, but when I saw this picture, I thought "baby". The white so fresh and clean and the pale blue so.....well, b-o-y of course! :)
Savannah is 6 months away. Our training plan starts the first week of June. This gives us a little more time to ready ourselves for the five months of training.
Hail to the Husband of Isis, Strong in Magic–Rejoice! You are praised!
Well, I have more spool blocks completed. Still have 9 more to make – 5 for the swap and 3 more for my friends. The extra 3 are going to be selvage thread.
Okay, so cutting the book down to three hours is difficult and you're going to have to miss out on a lot of atmosphere and character development and even some minor characters. David Lean managed the task amazingly well.
Anyway, this post serves you all notice in a way. I’m scheduling this into your “now,” the 20th of April, because as some of you read this, I am on an airplane headed to train a little bit at Fort Benning, and then another series of planes (three or four) that will take me into Afghanistan. This notice also lets you know that whereas I’ve posted daily – sometimes more – since August of 2011, I have to disappoint you and let you know that for the next year, there’s going to be no predictability as to when I will post. Sorry.
The next major thing we need to do is to collect seeds. We planned to save seeds from all of our favorite tomatoes, but with the business of the garden and life in general, many varieties passed us by. Luckily there are a few that we can save seed from, but others will have to be started from leftover seed from this spring or new seed.
What’re you doing for Valentine’s Day?
As always, a printable recipe is at the bottom of this post.
~Emma
Tsuruko: Let’s get started!
At Shoreline, Luce learns what the Shadows are, and how she can use them as windows to her previous lives. Yet the more Luce learns, the more she suspects that Daniel hasn’t told her everything. He’s hiding something—something dangerous. What if Daniel’s version of the past isn’t actually true? What if Luce is really meant to be with someone else? In this book, Luce questions her feeling for Daniel, and wonders if she really does need to end up with him even if the prophecy says so. Daniel is very protective and tries to keep Luce safe by telling her what to do. Luce doesn’t like this demanding side of him, and tells him so.
Plus:
How about you? Have you every thought about journaling? You don't need any fancy supplies or an organized system. Even a 25 cent notebook can carry a testimony of God's work in your life as you seek Him.
1 gives
Going on walks
if my crapitulatalism-as-violence hasn’t convinced you, do the actual wars themselves? who funds those wars? these are not “volunteer” troops. they are paid mercenaries for the capitalist bankers. they are paid only as much as it takes for them to not be called “slaves” any more, and their “service” is conditioned upon a variety of promises by the apparatus which it consistently fails to deliver. if it did, they wouldn’t be its slaves any more. it is an unending loop, this catch-22.
According to my observations, it usually takes one generation to lift a family out of poverty in Sao Paulo or Rio de Janeiro.
What telephone plan to sign up with, which electrical company would be more advantageous, where to invest the pension money, which school was the best, which family doctor, the lowest interest on the mortgage. And they all affected her little world: what was best and most beneficial for her and her family. Endless decisions to make, and you still never knew if you had made the right ones.
If you head into an interview with a set direction – guided by a specific approach/line of thought – you are doomed from the get go. Back-up plans are a must – a set of ulterior alternate questions and scenario’s to be used if the initial approach goes south, is needed like a gun in war.
I read many 'recipes' and most of them were all the same. But I did not have any 'Vodka' which seemed to be a popular ingredient, so here is my adapted 'recipe':
The Lenten and Easter Offerings will go to the United Mission International, also called India Transformed. It is a life-transforming ministry in India planting churches and bringing new life to destitute women and children. UEMI is approved by the NALC Executive Council as a Recognized Ministry of the NALC.
The book only lagged for me once when they reach a resistance camp. I think it’s because that’s the only area of the novel where it felt like your standard dystopian fanfare for the oppressed to strategize about how to take down those currently in power. With a book so unique, this scene stuck out to me like a sore thumb, though it’s still manageable and the book does move along to other places.
but they certainly took it to new places, encouraging other aspiring bands
Won't you come back
The United States Postal Service revealed a plan last week that could keep thousands of small-town post offices open by reducing hours. That’s certainly better than the alternative for places like Hope, Minnesota, an unincorporated community just off Interstate 35 south of Owatonna in Steele County. Last summer Hope’s 120 residents learned that their post office, like thousands of others across the country, likely would close in a cost-cutting measure.
It’s hard to make friends when you look like you came straight out of a terrifying Japanese horror movie when you try to smile and it doesn’t help that the entire school has spread a rumor that you can curse anybody just by looking at them. This was Sawako Kuronuma life until a boy named Shota Kazehaya decided to talk to her and open up a new world for her as she discovers a number of “firsts” including friendship. Now, in Volume 2 of Kimi ni Todoke: From Me to You, Sawako is about to experience something else that will have her at odds with another girl.
Last night Pam had dreamt of it, pictured the ivy spreading and creeping towards the house, reaching out for the kitchen wall. She’d seen herself standing at the kitchen sink, watching the tendrils snake in under the window sill, pulling the window open, crawling towards her. The images had frightened her and disturbed her sleep, perhaps that’s why Jack had left her dozing in bed this morning, why he’d gone off to visit his brother without saying goodbye.
In my case (semi-retiring), I can choose the times I complete the surveys, and I can choose to do more or less based on my own schedule. I am happy that I am able to earn a supplementary income to my family from the comfort of my home.
James Franco is good at standing there looking kool!
Selevan SG, Kimmel CA, Mendola P. Identifying critical windows of exposure for children’s health. Environ Health Perspect 2000; 108 (Suppl. 3): 451-455.
So do I have places that I have an attachment to? Not so much. I accept that there are different mes depending on who I am with but I’ve never been able to perceive a different me based on where I am.
Even Protestant scholars will acknowledge that Peter seemed have been designated with more authority that the other apostles by Jesus and based on NT evidence. But then they will contend that this authority was not passed on to another via apostolic succession. But I ask, why would Jesus designate an authoritative leader for His Church that would only last for the remainder of Peter’s short life? If the Church needed leadership in the first century, where many knew Jesus personally and knew the apostles and those who were taught by them, why would later generations not need this same authority and sure guide to the truth?
Still, I know of writers who were in the middle of a story and came across an already published book (or movie) that was so similar to theirs they stopped writing it. It happens. I've read some books that were so similar I wondered if the authors were related or if one of them was "influenced" by the other. Actually, there's a few of those I'll be wondering about into the next life. And it does make me worry some as I write. What if I'm not unique enough? I'm not worried enough to stop writing. I did however, do checks on amazon and the library to see if I could see anything like what I was writing. Well, agents do say to know your field....
It's not her fault.
15.Git It
Most remarkable of all is that Northern Scotland (57ºN latitude) was almost the last to be hit. Throughout November, temperatures remained a balmy 50ºF. Even (spring-flowering) gorse burst into bloom. It recalled an equally abnormal episode in April this year, where temperatures in the same corner of Scotland hit all-time highs.
Then I was asked about a major development project “known as Atlantic Yards that has been proposed for Central Brooklyn,” containing an arena and a number of high rise apartments.
The Story of Variety with Michael Grade is wonderful stuff for anyone interested in showbiz and bizarre acts. Ken Dodd talks of the old Variety theatres having “a smell of oranges and cigars”. In Ashton-under-Lyme, the performers had to hang their shoes up in the dressing rooms because of the rats.
When he meets John, they stare at each other, and he projects the word, “Friend!” John smiles. The man assures John that he is not mad, John is not mad, but the attendants are “quite mad.” But then J. J. looks blankly at John. He withdraws, and John realizes that the man now can no longer see his “visible appearance” or perceive him as a “physical object”; John is now “color and shape, without any meaning.” John plays a tune that he’d heard J. J. playing earlier, and the man suddenly responds that that is music, not as the cow hears it, but “lucid” music as only they can understand it. But the attendant interrupts; J. J. is only allowed to play outside, as his music agitates the other patients. At this, J. J. withdraws again and slips into insanity.
I sprayed it and the white flowered, dark night air of jasmine came over me.
21. Rock Art - IPA. Not on the same league as a Dogfish Head, but it was good nevertheless. A Vermont brewery that I have never had. I am glad I had the chance to try it.
That may happen
Psalm 106:1–Praise the LORD! Oh, give thanks to the LORD, for He is good! For His mercy endures forever
A number of tourists from all over the world are visiting Kerala with package tour to explore its fascinating attractions. Beautiful palm-fringed beaches, serene & scenic backwaters (a large network of several water bodies), lovely lakes, historical monuments, ancient temples, ayurvedic resorts & parlors, luxurious houseboat cruises and verdant hill stations are featured attractions of many Kerala travel packages.
the solution to conflict in the world and personally is to show more LOVE.
Just in random order
My planesleep has become less frequent ever since I was groped by a male passenger while I slept on an overnight flight a few years ago. The crew on the plane were very good in their handling of the whole fiasco, but needless to say I know have an additional in flight security procedure that involves building a miniature barricade between myself and the person next to me - particularly since the crew told me this was not an entirely infrequent occurence, particularly when dealing with travellers of a certain ethnicity. I digress...
The only notification you’ll receive is the winner post on this blog. So be sure to check back a week from Saturday to see if you won. You will have 4 weeks from the posting of the winners to claim your book.
I'm back with slimming world recipes this week as I feel and look like a hippo and want to be a svelt gazelle (cant see that happening but a thin hippo would be a nice compromise) So its chicken and spinach curry for tea tonight mmmnnnn
Accounting – Todd M. Hines (MSLS, MBA, CPA), Princeton University Library Finance – Chris LeBeau (MLS, MBA), University of Missouri Kansas City Management – Elisabeth Leonard (MLS, MBA), Sage Publications Marketing – Andy Spackman (MBA, MLS), Brigham Young University
The lady who visited her blog was all ready to draw her rapier in order to avenge the slight to my good name. I have persuaded her that it is not necessary.
1) Everyone carries around a wire with an attachment on one end for their Smartphone, and a card-shaped dongle on the other end to insert into a POS machine. This scenario is so inconvenient that I would be amazed if a single transaction is ever completed this way.
I am to awaken at a time unpleasant to me, and go, exhausted, to an unpleasant place the stranger determines, and then for a period of hours, also determined by him, I must do tasks that humiliate me and tax my physical and mental limits. He treats me like a slave and a child, telling me when I can come and go, where I can come and go, when I can eat, how long I have to eat, when I can go to the bathroom, and when this daily period of punishment will finally end.
who really knows with these things? In fact I'm not even sure what anything is anymore...this is supposed to be my Friday (well Thursday's night jump on Friday's) hops... but with joining in on Leah's Giving Thanks Challenge from South Breeze Farm
6. To make the white chocolate whipped cream, melt the white chocolate with 2 tablespoons of the heavy cream in a small, heavy saucepan. Remove from the heat and let cool to body temperature. With an electric mixer, whip the remaining cream to soft peaks. Add the melted white chocolate and mix well. Whip the white chocolate cream until slightly stiffer peaks form. It will not be as stiff as plain whipped cream; do not overbeat, or the cream and the white chocolate may separate. Spread the topping over the cake and refrigerate for at least 1 hour, until set. Sprinkle with the white chocolate shavings. To cut the cake, use a large chef’s knife dipped in hot water and wiped clean between cuts to yield perfectly smooth slices of cake.
His imagination is like wandering through a wild wood--full of shadow and light. The question is how to nuture the infinite possibilities of that mind without letting all the boogeymen slip in? Apparently there are rules to follow. Like a red cotton ribbon can actually keep the scaries from sneaking out of the closet when it is draped over both door handles. Who knew?
Hematology : 79
And her reply:
Rakofsky also complains that he did not receive Marc Randazza’s Motion to Dismiss, along with other documents related to the case. (which is a shame, because it’s one of the most well written legal documents I have ever read.)
Anyway, by the end of the evening, me and le FP had decided that he was a great guy, but that he wasn't going to be getting the ménage à trois that he was so obviously looking for.
I am an expert and I am a professional.
Bob Enevoldsen - Valve Trombone
But Jesus also says, Luke 16:31,
Nurse: (In English) Nothing.
Obviously not and no one informed me that it wasn’t proper for me to “be who I wanted to be” because I wanted to get the heck out of there and they made me stay. My class was divided into groups by abilities and I so vividly remember the first day we had our reading circle. Everyone was given a copy of the book we were going to learn to read and my teacher sat in the circle with us and read the first sentence very slowly. “Okay,” I thought, “this is just a warm-up and we’ll be done in no time.” I started reading the book and was done before the second child to her left had finished reading the sentences assigned to him after the first child had stuttered and stammered her way through her attempt before saying she didn’t know the words. When they finally got to me, I was ready. I was going to show these kids how it was done. The teacher called on me to read the next page and everyone was stunned that she’d ask me to read so much. I started reading and was almost done with it when I realized that she was trying to stop me. I hadn’t made any mistakes and was very confused. “You need to slow down,” she said. “Not everyone else can read like you can and they need to hear the words. You’re going too fast.”
The gigantic biotech corporation Monsanto is threatening to destroy the agricultural biodiversity which has served mankind for thousands of years. The endless list of genetically modified seeds sold and controlled by Monsanto are putting at enormous risk age-old agricultural patterns under the presumptuous slogan of aiming at solving the huge problem of hunger in the world.
Of course, of course
She was an oddball, a freethinker, and stubbornly independent, too. On the surface, she was unlike anyone he could ever imagine finding attractive, but…her dad was great, her brother was a hoot, and she was just about as smart and caring as anyone he’d ever met. Who else would camp out all night to protect a turtle nest? Who else would stop a fight to help a little kid? Who else read Tolstoy in her spare time? And who else, at least in this town, would fall for Will before knowing anything about his family?
Amber looked at the dark grey metal door far to her right across the empty garage and then back at the man. His gaze held hers, cold but honest, and she ignored the voice inside her that was screaming for her to leave and taste her blood.
A HUGE thanks goes out to Michelle of Shabby Creations for taking my vision and making it real, and the biggest thanks goes to one of my best friends, Jaimie, of Jaimie Arnold Photography for taking the beautiful pictures that you see here. Can I just tell you that these pictures were taken in her home, in less than five minutes, during a group play date with 8 kids under 5 running around!!!!! Now that is some serious talent... and patience! If you are in the Boston area, and are looking for an amazing family and child photographer, I cannot recommend her services enough!
Record: 14:2-2-4 / $132,611
Gender: Ryan is back to thinking Girl and I am back to thinking Boy.
When he did that I had a feeling he was going to propose.
I was told long ago during my teenage years that Ghee is made from the fat of the goat, hence the strong smell.
I’m certain I’m not the only one who is on a journey of self-discovery. And, I’m certain that I’m not the only one who uses the written word as a means for learning about oneself. Keeping a journal has been an integral part of my journey and healing process. (Plus, as I previously mentioned, I love stationary! When I see a pretty notebook, I buy it! Honestly, though, I have never once filled up an entire notebook before starting another!) This blog is an extension of that process, a place where I can share my thoughts, dreams, hopes, discoveries, frustrations and so forth.
Thanks for reading through this update. I hope you have a terrific February!
Why I included this book: I love books that make a difference in the world, are good reads and are not forgotten. I also tend to love an author’s first book-usually fresh, true and inspired by huge amounts of juicy creativity. This is one of them.
In May 2005, the world’s first air-passenger bridge to span a live taxi-way opened connecting the North Terminal to 11 new pier-served stands. The bridge is large enough for a Boeing 747 to pass underneath.
And here it gets personal, because in summer 1984 as the expedition was returning from Georgia via Istanbul, a sunburnt young man called David, who happened to be my boyfriend and who had decided that the way to relax after three years of studying physics at London's Imperial College would be to back-pack solo around Turkey, had a certain encounter in an Istanbul post-office. I'll let him take up the tale:
I should know, I live in this land. The simple sentence “Seriously?...SERIOUSLY?” is now my favorite “say it in my head” saying.
Apparently, through no fault of our own, we were born with one breast larger than the other. Now, because I’ve already posted a piece about the merits of breast massage, I know what you are thinking.
Ugh. I'm turning TWENTY. Like, 20.
I needn’t have worried. This is an album positively brimming with variation both in terms of musical style as well as lyrical content that retains Poly’s penchant for observant, witty, cynical and pointed socio-eco comment on war and racism.
With the start of the new year, and a new decade, lots of scrapbookers want to declutter their space so they can feel more productive and FIND things in their spaces. I am taking this time to join in this blog hop and share a page or two that I create with OLD (read: 2007 or earlier) supplies that I've just been hanging onto. I'd love to have you join us! Just go to this blog (Liberty Cottage) and sign up in the McLinky area. Then on February 1st, post a page, or two, and join in the fun! I can't imagine how old some of the supplies are that some of us will be using!!
“Blind unbelief is sure to err…” so penned William Cowper in his final and perhaps most poignant hymn, composed in 1774. Of course, Cowper wrote from a Christian perspective and, though he suffered terribly from depression, he understood that God’s ordering of and teleological purposes for creation would always prove wise and good in the end. A nation whose laws adhere to these same basic truths is able to govern itself according to the wise and good end that God has built into creation. That nation will prosper as it conforms to the actual reality of God’s creation. A nation which forsakes God’s ordering and insists on its own is—in Cowper’s words—sure to err.
In white, like the light,
That dependent doesn't mean non contributing.
5. My first ever crush was on the guy who played Joseph in the production of Joseph and the Amazing Technicolour Dreamcoat that I went to see when I was 8. He was dreamy. Nowadays, he definitely wouldn’t be my type. :’)
This one looks cute. Blu, the main bird, can't fly. He falls for a lovely bird, Jewel, that can. They happen to be in Rio which is not Blu's home. He's been kidnapped and wants to go back to Minnesota. But, he's got to fly to do so. Hilarity ensues. It looks like it will have both adult and child humor so that gives it a big bonus in my book. And for the kiddies, it's not just a mindless cartoon. Even from the trailer I can tell it's about finding yourself, not being afraid to take risks; basically it teaches a lesson while entertaining. Now isn't that sweet? My guess: 3-3.5 out of 5
now I don’t know where this voice came from even though it sounded like me, maybe the failures have taken their toll and I’m delirious but this voice had a point. Why should I give up?
definition with the goal of formulation,
upon the same foundation technology.
Earlier today, the space shuttle Discovery made its way from Florida, flying up the East Coast and over the monuments of Washington, D.C. on its way to its final home at the Smithsonian Institution. The shuttle, always a breathtaking sight, was no less so atop the modified 747 that took it to Washington. The magnificent craft drew thousands of onlookers on its last journey.
“Last week, the New York City Council restored important capital funding for the implementation of the 2006 Solid Waste Management Plan (SWMP). During recent Preliminary Budget discussions, the administration proposed a budget that all but gutted SWMP by eliminating funding for critical infrastructure, and delaying that funding as far into the future as Fiscal Year 2019.
Therefore Adoni-Zedek king of Jerusalem sent to Hoham king of Hebron, Piram king of Jarmuth, Japhia king of Lachish, and Debir king of Eglon, saying, “Come up to me and help me, that we may attack Gibeon, for it has made peace with Joshua and with the children of Israel.”
QUETTA: A powerful bomb blast ripped through Quetta’s Sariab Road on Tuesday, killing at least five people, DawnNews reported.
Spell Bound by Kelley Armstrong - 325 pages
“If the ultimate source of suffering is ignorance, then there must be a counterforce to ignorance, and that is the understanding of reality.”
25 cent pack - clearance sale at Michael's
But the servicer would have to give the borrower three days’ notice before withdrawing the short-sale approval and explain why it was revoked.
How was your week? Anyone or anything you want to tell to FO?
SENIOR civil servants could be benefiting from personal income tax rates as low as 2% using controversial pay deals that cost the country tens of millions of pounds in lost revenue. Danny Alexander, chief secretary to the Treasury, said last week his department had identified up to 2,000 officials who could be minimising tax because they are paid through companies or agencies, rather than the government payroll.
We also did a sieving of some malt. This is done with milled malt to see what your grist looks like. Six different sized screens are used and the malt is sieved through the screens. A certain percentage of larger matter stays on the bigger screens and so on until the bottom where you find flour. Based off of this you can adjust your mill, or adjust the mash to better utilize the grist you have. The rest of the day was 3 hours of Chemical Technical Analysis lectures. Towards the end I was getting pretty worn out. The shear amount of information that has entered my brain this week is insane, but that is exactly what I signed up for.
1/4 c. powdered dry milk
I contacted Edith asking her if she would agree if I wrote a blogpost about her work, and she accepted.
It is not known if ’1pondo’ is a Singapore PR and new citizen. With the continued influx of large number of PRC immigrants into Singapore, such everyday conflicts are likely to rise in the future.
We live in a lovely location. At the end of the road is a path that goes past the back of our house and winds down by the river and all around our town. I take many of my nature photos on this trail, but try to vary them as much as possible. When I’m feeling low on inspiration, a half an hour walk down there always does the trick. The weather was also awesome today, so that helped too. It was definitely a beautiful Spring day.
It’s almost December and the holiday season is upon us whether we like it or not. Here’s an easy way to knock some of those items off your “To-Do” list. Celebrate the wealth of artistic talent in Texas by buying books created by Texan authors and illustrators. I promise you’ll find something perfect for all the kids on your list!
3) The creepy weirdness of ‘Balamory’ and ‘Dirt Girl World’
Vogel L. La transposition de la directive 92/85/CEE relative à la sécurité et à la santé des travailleuses enceintes, accouchées ou allaitantes. BTS Newsletter (CCE) 1997; 6: 8-13.
Butterfly metal embellishment and flowers are from Wild Orchid Crafts.
So this is the beautiful image of the day. These are actually little candle melts that look just like the candy peeps. Ok, I don't like to eat peeps, but the colors ... who can look at a row of marshmallow animals and not smile?
From award-winning playwright, Layeta Bucoy:
I sigh ever since I dumped him prior to her interview Jamie has been going on about Amber being fit. And I know I dumped him but it’s annoying me. What’s worse is Fishy has picked up on the fact it is annoying me and is joining in.
It is a trilogy, and I went ahead and bought the bundled set yesterday because my friend was raving about it. I had not heard anything about this book prior to the book club selection and I didn’t read any reviews about it, so I didn’t really know the premise, but she warned me that it was “pretty steamy.”
Actually, you’re right. Something’s missing from this picture.
Although I suspect it’ll make it onto a fetish site somewhere in the dark bowels that lie outside of the republic of internet, on the questionable erotica isle.
So, have you painted a wall pinkish? Tried the margarita cupcakes? Got a good non-fiction book you loved? Fun plans for the weekend? I’d love to hear!
Sixth Category: “Happiness and Contentment” Tied heavy to the last chapter is the true good in life: Happiness. And happiness is collection of virtues in action not just material contentment as utilitarians like Mill and Dewey might mistake it as (or you know the current government). And while not a very common mistake Adler as tears apart the Stoics (and Kant) who didn’t understand that while doing the right thing is very important, you also have to succeed some of the time to actually be happy
“Some changes look negative on the surface, but you will soon realize that space is being created in your life for something new to emerge.”
In any case, it seems to me that it's a boon for everyone when the big players go digital with their records--and by big players, I mean any organization that has a body of records of the type we all seek as documentation for our family lines. I mean people who are in the records business (whether civil or commercial, profit or non-profit).
And of course this crap from Andrea Mitchell – and pretty much most of her fellow commisar comrades – just goes on non-stop. Not even a full week ago Bill O’Reilly was exposing Andrea Mitchell as a biased left-wing hack propagandist masquerading as a “journalist”:
And did I mention that the session is free?
Anyway, there it is in a nutshell!
As Finn's hike takes her further into the woods, she happens along some scat and tracks from a variety of woodland creatures.
‘You don’t need to go above our heads to get things done. All you had to do was ask’.
I hope that the protag’s main rebellion in “Brave” is not that she actually wants to pick who she marries. (Whoo-hoo! Can you imagine that being the main plot of movie starring a male?) Or that the protag has to pretend to be male in order to have adventures. Why do little girls have to see that so much? “Girls can do anything boys can do!” That is so patronizing. Ugh. Girls don’t even know about sexism yet for God’s sake. When my daughter was four and saw “Mulan,” she was confused and asked me: “Why can’t girls fight?” I had to explain sexism so she could understand the plot of the movie.
Culture was manufactured and propagated by intellectuals, Gramsci said. On the one hand there were "traditional intellectuals" working away as Shakespeare scholars, mathematicians, astronomers or even as students of liturgy. In effect, they belonged to a part of the superstructure which had floated free of the sub-structure, for their work had no direct class meaning. But each social class also had its "organic intellectuals", consciously trying to propagate the culture of their class as a part of the wider class struggle.
That I don't understand
I’d like clean drinking water, please. WITHOUT having to buy bottled water, please.
At this point I stopped myself and tried to make a U-turn. OK, but what about all the good things you did today? When you got home, you sat on the kitchen floor with Rowan on your lap while he ate his bowl full of figs. You read stories and crawled around like a panda. You hugged and kissed and tickled and laughed. Played the toasting game at dinner. Had a mini dance party in the living room. You gave him a bath and sang songs. Marveled at how much he understands (and how much you understand the way he communicates his understanding). You just spent the last hour settling him down for sleep. And right now he is so cozy asleep in your arms.
One of my first quests was to find an independent cinema, and one of my first explorations in my big girl shoes was to a fantastic movie theatre called The ByTowne. This single screen playhouse has all the old-timey charm one could ask for; as they put it the ByTowne “is so old it might even be considered olde”. As it stands, this is currently my favourite place in Ottawa.
So typically you wouldn’t want to shed front downforce for fast turns, by stalling the front wing. Stalling the front wing will reduce front downforce and drive the CofP rearwards, robbing the driver of front axle load just when he needs it.
Now four more bodies are found, marked with his fatal signature. The residents of Nashville fear a madman has returned, decades later, to finish his sick fairy tale. Homicide Lieutenant Taylor Jackson believes the killings are the work of a copycat killer who's even more terrifying. For this monster is meticulously honing his craft as he mimics famous serial murders…proving that the past is not to be forgotten.
There by the jukebox, where I don’t feel so alone
“But the man went out and began to talk freely about it, and to spread the news, so that Jesus could no longer openly enter a town, but was out in desolate places, and people were coming to him from every quarter.”
Now for your questions, should you choose to answer:
I needed some green – the strawberry leaves were pretty average and brown-green. No thanks. And then mummy dear swoops in for the win. “Why not colour some icing green and do a design on top of the white?”
My Modern Mini Challenge quilt is finished, but since the submission date isn't until March 5th, a teaser will have to suffice for now. ;-) I love how it turned out. Bright and cheerful and feels like spring to me. If you haven't considered joining yet, there's still time! Awesome prizes too....
The victim is David Lock, a relatively young Wall Street type, murdered in the parking garage of his work. At first the hour of his death seemed suspicious, but his boss assured Beckett that since he worked with their Asian clients overseas and therefore needed to match their time zones, it wasn’t at all unusual. What is suspicious is that a coworker who recently got passed up for a promotion that David was granted never showed up for work. Castle and Beckett head over to his apartment and find the door barricaded. The man – Charlie – has chained himself to the wall and implores Beckett to shoot him because he saw what attacked David and was attacked himself. Just like David, he has bite marks in his flesh.
I learnt that life isn't just about find out who you are but rather its about creating who you are. I plan on using this blog to express my feelings, and keep daily (try to keep daily) updates about anything that is going on in my life or something thats on my mind :)
The Australian reports of one disillusioned rebel fighter who described the actions of rebel militia as “Mafia.” He said
Remembers me of all his gracious parts,
Alisa Bowman was at her wit’s end. She would spend days dreaming about divorcing her husband and knew she wasn’t in a healthy marriage when she fantasized about her own husband’s death and ways to plan his funeral. In a last-ditch effort to make her marriage work, she came up with a four-month project to save her marriage. The Happily Ever After Project is that story.
Once he reached them he turned toward her and smiled. “Gotcha,” he whispered with his notorious grin.
* Robert Munsch
in the face of complacency
Brazil, the world’s largest sugar exporter, sold $17.28 million worth of cachaça to 60 countries in 2011, mainly to Germany, Portugal, the U.S. and France.
Every kiss could last. Traveling would be a breeze.
Setting: The us, the Middle East and Afghanistan
You remember the day we bought the bedding, right?...
The world sells us comfort in exchange for our faith. Comfort subtly kills. Standing still is not a neutral position, it’s a choice and a consequence of that choice is stagnation. There is always “Selah” times in life but sometimes (maybe more often than we think) God is wondering why we are still crying out to Him when we should be moving on (Exodus 14 v 15.) Knowing your season and knowing His voice, integral to our walk.
Last weekend, there was a message in my "comments" section of my blog waiting to be moderated and published. I read it, without even paying any attention to who it was written by. Confused by what the message said, I glanced again at who sent it....um..... imagine my surprise when I saw "coloradolady" sent it to me.
Then we have the other two halves of my pumpkin sets and finally the hurricane filled with silk leaves.
Oh (once in a while he tastes his wine)
o Eat mostly foods of plant origin, including fruits, vegetables, whole grains and beans
The second hour, I was lured to a panel on "Breaking the Rules" because Dr. Doug Lyle is always good for a laugh. The topics touched upon characters who do things their own way, and what the author can do to make them credible. Those in licensed professions have rules and standards they must follow. Dr. Lyle mentioned that he wanted his character outside of the medical profession, so he never finished medical school. This freed him from having to follow the rules.
Would you stop writing those down? You're annoying me!
Track 10 - Napoleon ( Opening Of Misty Beethoven )
Thursday afternoon at 3:10, I got the official word. I passed. I freaking passed my dissertation defense. I never thought I'd see the day. Though I was insanely anxious in the hours leading up to my defense, I felt the weirdest sense of calm come over me a few minutes before I started. (I completely attribute this to all the prayers and positive thoughts people were sending my way.) I won't lie, there was an intense amount of anxiety as the committee deliberated and I stood out in the hallway, but when my chair came out with a handshake and "Congratulations, Doctor," I almost couldn't believe it. I did it.
Clean finish that leaves you with a dark fruit taste
Rousing the land with breath of flame, while you beat and beat the
* You take pictures of your reunion and ask any deceased relatives to join in.
And if you haven't yet read The Arabian Nights, well, a treat in store.
It's so much fun to color in shades to match your paper. Then I always have to add a little sprinkle of Diamond Glitter! Have you noticed my new favorite color combo? Bubblegum Pink, Buttercup, and Sage. Expect to see more!!
All well and good, I suppose. After all, tattling to teachers for an innocent comment seems a little excessive. But how about an apology from Little Emma? Not to Brownback, he is a politician and a public figure and needs to be told on a regular basis that he sucks, so as to not swell his head, but an apology to her Twitter followers is in order. After all, she lied. Emma did not tell Sam that he sucks, no matter how much she was thinking it.
Sort of neat. I hope to be able to find Change 1, January 40, 1939 and Circular 136, 207, and 248 (1941) to complete this discussion.
Card 8 is the environmental factors - how the universe is set up to handle your family and job situation. It is the page of Swords. Swords symbolize air
One of the effects of the phenomenal growth of ebooks over the past few years has been to bring new value to the backlist--both for publishers who hold the contracts for backlist books, and authors who want the freedom to exploit a new range of rights. Since many of the most valuable backlist books were published long before ebooks existed, the issue of who controls electronic rights is a pressing one, for authors and publishers alike. Is it the authors, who granted only print rights at a time when print rights were all there were? Or is it the publishers, which bought the exclusive right to publish a book, regardless of the form in which that book appears?
Let's take a look at the original pantry that the home was blessed with:
Maybe one day hats will be fashionable again in the U.S.
However, beyond this, the rest is pretty “iffy.” I feel that such behavior as this, as well as any consequences which come from it, should have been the sole responsibility of the Detroit Tiger’s organization. There was no need to “bypass” that step and go directly to Bud Selig to execute judgement.
All I want for Christmas is to be able to have a train of thought other than the above, say, once a day. It's terribly inefficient to have your mind perpetually preoccupied with a complete lack of decisiveness. It's the opposite of efficient, actually. I'm enamored of the idea of living in an actual city, with actual places and things to do, and, I'm nervous mentioning this because I don't want to jinx it, books. The idea of being able to browse a bookstore that stocks something other than James Patterson, Twilight, and Ann Coulter is enough to make me feel guilty for entertaining such indulgent thoughts.
FIRST Robotics team, most work done early January - end of April 2012
(In the case of Fetching, behaviorism is never mentioned by name but is used through the dog training methods Olivia employs on her peers.)
Mr. G. Kingsworth that has helped us some this winter is not expected to live.
After this flopped, there were no further singles by The Squires, and we all know what became of Tom Jones.
2. Speaking of Ninkasi, I had a pint of the Total Domination. Whoa. My brother-in-law likes traditional English styles of beer (we scored an early perfect ten in his mind with Doryman's Dark), and when I had him sip the Blue Dot, he marveled. Later, I got the Total Domination, which like Blue Dot is a symphony of green, and he was intrigued. It's not as intense as some hop monsters--all the edges are smooth and approachable. It's just a saturated kind of citrusy hopping that hits all the notes--bittering, flavor, aroma. Yesterday, he ordered a pint and it appeared to grow on him over time. I don't want to project too deeply about his experience, but it's possible that over the past two days, I watched the birth of a hophead. A beautiful thing.
The legislation resolves the Nambe-Pojoaque-Tesuque Valley litigation known as the Aamodt case, which has been unsettled for more than 40 years. It also resolves and provides funding for the Taos Pueblo water-rights claims, known as the Abeyta case, and provides direct funding of $180 million for a Navajo-Gallup pipeline, which is part of the Navajo Water Rights Settlement in New Mexico.
Because the others had departed.
Oh hello, Monday. Good to see you! It's another week, and there's plenty o' fun in blog land! Before I get to that, a massive thanks to everyone who took the time to respond to last Friday's post. Some really interesting thoughts and opinions there.
So when I found out it was one of the ladies from works birthday last week I had to make a card for her using Edward as she is just as much a fan as myself, sometimes I wonder if more so than me. She was so excited when I gave it to her and I even made him sparkle in the sun. Unfortunately you are unable to see this in the photo but it did work, I just used Tattered Angels Pearl Glimmermist and a small paint brush instead of spraying.
~Finish stitching closed leaving a very small opening at bottom
In the moonlit sky
Don’t over think it. Just write from the heart. You want to feel their emotions, not think them.
KEEP OFF THE GRASS!
Hunting these babies down will definitely be a challenge but when you want something that badly it'll fuel your search efforts. I have a dear friend studying abroad in Japan at the moment and I hope that she will be able to help me in my search for the rest of the set.
Dear Joey
HOLMES
It’s funny how, with all that “God uses nature to punish the sinners” stuff, it doesn’t seemed to have occurred to them that perhaps it’s their own “sins” – or maybe those of their hard-right, ultra-conservative, messiah, Rick Perry – that’s caused Texas to suffer through a near-record number of days with temperatures over one hundred degrees. But hey, I’m the crazy one here. They’re probably out dancing in the streets like water droplets on a hot griddle over Perry’s decision to run for president!
I'm not sure on the "stocking up" advice, but I do think it's fascinating to ask the question of whether nature or nurture matters more. There's an old joke that parenting advice books are all written for first time parents because once you have the second one, you realize how little of it you actually control. You feed kids the same things and interact with them the same way at dinner, and yet one will lustily eat lox, capers, tomatoes and anything else you put in front of him, and the other screams when a strawberry touches his vanilla yogurt, thereby tainting it. Some children love to sleep and others decide that sleep is for the weak and flabby. Most disconcertingly, I recall reading not long ago an essay in O magazine from the mother of Dylan Klebold, one of the Columbine shooters. There is really no evidence that she raised her son in anything but a normal fashion, the same as plenty of his peers. And yet look what he did.
I don't want attention and I don't want your compliments
1/2 cup semi-sweet chocolate chips
10. And why have the Taino people of the Caribbean and those in the US,whose ancestors have paid such a huge price for the misfortune of being"discovered", been erroneously declared extinct and are therefore denied legal recognition by the government?
The Soviets take the cake, right off the bat having official records of executing over 800,000, with about 3 million dead after being sent to gulags and forced relocation. Deaths from purposeful famine are harder to track, with Stalin’s apologists saying that it was ONLY around 6 million with some estimates being way higher. However you lib bastards love you some Ivy League academics, and Yale puts that around 20 million.
Nice message to communicate.
Aimee Kidd
I open my mouth and sing, it’s like the heavens have opened and a voice from the stars has entered the room.
- She has known all her body parts for well over a year now.
The Who
Ok, ok, don’t forget to add the chloride, because it has the highest electron affinity, and the third highest electronegativity of all the elements, so it’s a great oxydizing agent. Hey, get this, humans can keep supplying themselves with it by using table salt. Chlorine has an atomic number of 17, and is the second most abundant halogen and the 21st most abundant chemical element in the Earth’s crust. We can make lots and lots of humans this way. But here’s the kicker, the paradox is that while elemental cholorine is extremely dangeous and poisinous in all lifeforms, we’ll make choloride necessary to the human in the form of chloride ions. Cute, huh?
In the second half, tracks like 'Ethiopino', 'The Past Is History' and 'Marsvin' represent what Jungle By Night do best - taut, multi-layered grooves that are perfect for dancing to, or any other nocturnal activity you like to indulge in. One thing the boys know how to do is find the pocket and lock it, playing around with time signatures while keeping it dynamic. Perhaps the album's surprise gem is 'Ghettos Of The Mind', a languid, Tuareg-inspired roller where you can almost hear the wind whistling across the desert in the background. Producer Wiboud Burkens (Leon Ware, Michael Franti, Carleen Anderson, N'Dambi) has certainly helped craft the complex JBN dynamics into a coherent shape, which has allowed the band to play and experiment without having to worry about the final sound.
a father of many nations have I made thee” . hence the Bible says “He staggered
(The main inspiration for the space was their company logo)
Kevin, technically the technical producer of the show, was born in Wood River, but his dad’s work with the Corp. of Engineers took the family to Hannibal, Mo., when he was a kid. Kevin has been back in the River Bend since 1985, and said that the family always took a road trip here around the holidays.
Soon I was playing the piano for children and youth gatherings at church, and while I was convinced the guys who played guitar in the praise band were much sexier, somehow I still got all the ladies, so I decided to stick with piano.
This LO is based on my favortie sketch artist-Julie Bonner. She created this sketch for Jillibean Soup.
Country Music Hall of Fame, Ford TheatreScreening and Discussion with: Glen Campbell, Julian Raymond and George DoughertyPresented by the Country Music Hall of Fame and Nashville Public TelevisionIn partnership with Capitol Records and Sin City Marketing"Meet Glen Campbell: A Documentary" invites the re-discovery of a legendary American musical master through the inspired creation of his latest album release. Starting out on the road as a fourteen year old prodigy with a seven dollar guitar, Glen is recognized today among players across generations and music genres as a "musician's musician."
Lady Eleanor Ramsay is the only one who knows the truth about Hart Mackenzie. Once his fiancee, she is the sole woman to whom he could ever pour out his heart.
I have spent the week painting and whining about painting. I am making progress, but I'm still not done. Me taking on a painting project means that my house is a major mess. I focus on painting and leave everything else for the laundry and dish fairies to take care of. The still haven't shown up.
This one is designed and made exclusively by girlsprop.com , you can see a tag of girlsprop.com on the adjustable chain.
here's an atc i made with one of the papers...let your wings unfold...for my swap last month, the theme was "june bug."
"That's an ugly hippototamus," Tom said hypocritically.
This is a serious question,one that is debated by millions of people. I myself have been in this debate over hunting many times.
I’m not doing this for any money, just for better beer availability. I’m also going to post a list soon of all the beers I have in my fridge so we don’t double up.
My students had a great day and seemed to be really inspired by human ingenuity. After taking a guided tour of the community, doing two different workshops on waste disposal and making new paper out of recycled paper, and having a delicious sancocho lunch cooked by solar power, we were all justifiably exhausted but also ready to bring some of these ideas back to school and to Cali. All in all, it was successful trip!
Don’t touch your face. People touch their faces instinctively and without conscious thought. But if you want to make a good first impression, you’ll need to be very conscious of where your hands are for the duration of the interview. Keep them well away from your nose and mouth, which can be a turn-off to germophobes. And for everyone else, touching your face is sometimes interpreted as a sign of dishonesty.
I have a huge herb garden in the front of my house, and a smaller herb garden in the back which is mostly vegetables and flowers. I am always running outside to snip fresh herbs which I don't mind doing since I know it's fresh and gets me out side. But I saw this great DIY project idea to share for those of you who don't have the luxury of a garden like myself.
And the problem is that the Forgotten Realms novels tend to work in a manner familiar to the game system so the paladins are usually good and trustworthy, the clerics god fearing folk, and most of the people with views and outlooks that encapsulate the best of what we currently think we are. In short, it can be damn boring at times.
October 10 – LC Pavilion, Columbus, OH
Lundequist apprehends Hanson with a powerful bearing; wrapped in furs, eyes steely, face framed with wild, white hair—what’s the word I’m looking for? Tough? No, tough won’t do. Her Margaretha is mighty; a broad-hipped, strong-shouldered woman who can withstand and mete out the punishments of life in equal measure. When her secrets are later made public, her fall is fittingly memorable.
So, as not to let them sit around unused on my computer I am sharing my files here. SInce I used PC's Carousel Lite cartridges I only have files for Design Studio and the Gypsy available here at this time. If you really like this idea but don't have either Design Studio, a Gypsy and/or the Carousel Cartridge, I am sure that you can google circus tent and find some clipart to use to create a .svg for use with Make the Cut (MTC) or with Sure Cuts A Lot (SCAL) or whatever software and/or cutter you might have. You can also easily create a "ticket" by cutting out a rectangle and using a small circle punch on each of the four corners (cut a half circle on each corner). I haven't had time to try to find another circus tent image and create either a .mtc or .svg file myself sorry!
the launching service in MYC;
What you get:
What makes an office special to you? Is it the design of the space? Is it the fact that it is away from the rest of your family and a place where you can get work done? Is it the wall color? Below are some examples of some great office spaces that, for one reason or another, made me chose them for this post.
1cup powdered sugar
I love action-packed superhero guy movies because Dad loved them first. I remember one year for his birthday Dad wanted to go see the mid-night showing of Pirates 2. So I bought the tickets and he drove. We sat in line and talked. I have a hard time going to see those kinds of movies without him.
Somewhere in all this, the name of the main character (Mason McGee) was changed to Atticus Higginbottom. Atticus was actually the name of my character in a book I wrote called THE WORLD SIFTER, which is sitting on my computer, waiting for its day in the sun. Chris wanted a more unusual, catchy name, so I cannabilized my own story.
For those who want to stalk me even more, just subscribe to this blog.
I placed their hands like that in this portrait because often I find they play such a vital role and say so much.
My third oldest will be graduating from high school in 2012. She is currently working at McDonald's as a crew trainer.
Good Morning Everyone. I am getting ready to start day 4 of my long work weekend. For those of you who don't know, I work 3, 12-hour shifts in an ER per week. So every other weekend, I work 4 days straight and the other days are worked throughout the weeks. I really like this schedule (since some weekends aren't an option), but it does limit my time on those weekends I work. I did just want to update you on a few things going on right now.
Last week of the school holidays this week and as I type the girls are bustling round helping to sort bags etc ready for going back to school. They've loved the time off but they are both pleased to be going back, Meg especially missed her school friends as we live outside the catchment. And as it's only 3 short weeks till bank holiday weekend it's not going to seem that long till we get another break.
When Gina first came into our lives, our son still had horrendous gut issues. She helped us, step by step regain his health. Today, you wouldn’t know he is any different to any other 6 year old child, except for the foods he eats. Before, the differences were clear for all to see.
12g of baking powder
or just let it slip?
AS the 2011 calendar year comes to a close, I can look back at nearly four months of work with iPads in my classroom community. I am more resolute than ever. This endeavor is a valuable one and the curriculum learning, the 21st century skills learning, and the motivation of my students has never been more rich.
I feel a little ambivalent about A's newfound pushing tendencies. On the one hand, I don't want her to go around shoving people out of the blue. And I want her to be empathetic (which she was when she saw how sad the boys were -- she said sorry and gave them each a friendly pat). But I also want her to feel like she doesn't have to kiss another kid if she doesn't want to. I always feel a little awkward when I say something like, "he just wanted to give you a little kiss." I know that when she's a teenager, I'll be singing a very different tune. It will go something like this: "If someone wants to kiss you and you don't want to say 'No.' If the person doesn't listen, then punch them in the face and kick them where it counts."
I, unfortunately, have an infection in my c-section incision, which completely blows... it's so gross. I'm on heavy antibiotics and am keeping everything crossed that when I go in for a follow-up on Friday, I don't get sent directly to the hospital to get things taken care of.. that would not be good b/c there would be a chance I would have stay overnight. So, please think good thoughts!!
So anyway, with graduation approaching I may get stressed out about deciding on a grad school, getting my first job, or choosing a place to live. That’s is OKAY.
A dreary, blustery Sunday in late February and some fresh produce in the refrigerator ready to go south on me soon becomes Sunday lunch.
As with many writers, I can happily write until the cows come home but when it comes to marketing my work online, I feel like I’m in alien territory. In other words, what I know about the internet could be summed up on a bottle top. I annoy everyone with my questions. Even my normally placid daughter turns into a troll when I approach her with my laptop. Finally she exploded ‘If you want to be famous you’d better learn to market yourself. Now sit down and find people to tell about your book.’
MJ: As a DJ and well involved in the music business, how do you think the industry is doing at the moment?
Then on August 23, 1988, a mesh-of-genres band from LA named Jane’s Addiction released their first proper studio album Nothing’s Shocking. I remember a friend watching a quick two-minute interview of the band on MTV and immediately running out to the mall to purchase the album (along with their excellent first live album) and coming home in a frenzy all fired up about his new discovery. He did this because he said, “they seemed kinda weird and different.” And different they were. Bands like the Red Hot Chili Peppers had already been around for some time, as had the Butthole Surfers and Flaming Lips. But none of those bands had the unique gift of blending multiple genres of music without it sounding forced and none had broken into the mainstream yet. The Peppers were west coast punk funk, the Surfers were, well, a sound that can only be described as the Butthole Surfers, and The Lips were still a relatively unknown underground band of weird hippies playing Syd Barrett influenced noise rock.
Riddle, riddle; God’s might
As always, this article is intended for experimental purposes only — if it works for you, great, but I make no guarantees. Don’t use this in a production environment until you have satisfied yourself that it works the way you need it to. If you use my instructions and have lost income due to missed calls, or if someone manages to hack into your device and runs up your phone bill, you agree that by using these instructions all the liability for that rests on you and nobody else! If you’re the type of person who wants to sue someone else when things go wrong, then you absolutely may not use these instructions. We’re all experimenters here, and nobody’s offering insurance that nothing will go wrong.
I'll be back in a couple days or so and see if I can give you all something to laugh about.
Ultimately, though, it doesn't really matter what it is labelled or pigeon holed as.
This year’s winner is The Buddha in the Attic by Julie Otsuka. It presents the stories of six Japanese mail-order brides whose new lives are marked by backbreaking migrant work, cultural struggles, children who reject their heritage, and the prospect of wartime internment. The PEN/Faulker judges called it “a precise, poetic novel that tells the story of Japanese picture brides brought to California from Japan in the early twentieth century.”
On days like this I tend to get sad. Really, really sad. As happy as I am. As proud of her, as much as I adore her. I grieve the yesterdays. I miss what was and know that it will never be again. I was not a Mother who "missed it" as so many people I know claim. I was there. I was paying attention. But it was still too short! Those mornings of snuggling her on my chest. Those days of carrying her in my arms, of chasing her as she toddled ahead of me...they were just too short. And if I let myself I can sob away the hours just missing those moments. So, I must find solace....and I do...in two things:
and played play-doh.
I'm sharing a Mother's Day card today. Mom's special day is fast approaching! Gosh, before you know it we will be in the midst of summer!!!! Yay!
Spent yesterday hanging out with Jess Hovey and Ryan LaMunyon painting monsters on foam core with acrylic paints for our soon to be window installation at Pinecone+Chickadee for my Monster Show I am throwing May 4th. Still accepting submissions!
Almost. Side two modulates the mood a little, but not the attack, beginning with leadoff cut—and hands down bonafide Rock Classic scorcher—Cherry Red. Not much optimism for T.S., though:
So today is the first day we've gotten to stay home since Christmas Eve! The kids have been trying out all their new toys. Pretty soon though, we need to pack up and I have to go into the scrapbook store for a few hours. My boss isn't feeling good so the kids and I are going in for a few hours LOL Luckily, my good friend Stacey is going to pick up Noah after she gets off work. I don't think he'd last long at the store. Although he loves to greet customers! :)
I imagine such a man, during initial introductions of himself to strangers, announcing, “Hi, I’m John Smith, and I am NOT a racist!” Such people should wear a button or tag on their clothing, or wear a sandwich board that declares on both sides, “I am NOT a racist!” This troubled soul seems to believe that when he proves his love and total acceptance of the coloreds, and pointedly rejects all initiatives pertaining to his own white self-interest, he proves his worth as a human being.
It's Laterne Fest time again. Seems like hardly any time at all since I was last coated with a fine layer of PVA and glitter, but here we are again. Last year it was all a bit of a mystery to me. I had no idea who St. Martin was or what exactly the celebration was meant to entail. All I knew was that I was told to make two lanterns out of cardboard and tissue paper and anything else that I could find that was highly flammable, insert two burning tealights, and set my children loose, swinging them and whacking each other until every last hair on their heads and eyebrow was burnt off. Fortunately, I had just misunderstood, and what I was actually being asked to buy was a 'Leuchtstaebchen' - which is a tiny light bulb on a stick powered by batteries and often with some kind of flashing mechanism. (Also doubles as a weapon/switch in the hands of a toddler, so you'll be able to coordinate your body glitter with the bruises across your knees and thighs).
April 23rd…. The day I had been planning out for six months right from the insignificant clutch to the ultra expensive (strictly by my standards) saris … yes it was my wedding day!!
Life is a Game Play it.
Pronunciation (think of Psyche!)
Do you have any insights to share on this encounter that I did not? I would love to hear them!
I did it the easy way though.
toward the border,
Sorghum Flour(Jonna Pindi) - 2 cups
Shower curtain (but I have a plan in the works!)
“How else wouldst a lady ride?”
As most of you probably know, some of these ads are actually being pulled, such as the Julia Roberts and Christy Turlington L'Oreal-owned ads that the Advertising Standards Authority in the UK banned after receiving complaints that the ads were misleading. You think?
Whether or not Najib announces his decision to dissolve Parliament on that May 11 night really depends on 2 events. One is of course the crowd size in the Bukit Jalil stadium itself. Will 1 million Umno members come and heed his call for a show of support? Given the freebies involved, the answer is likely.
for the salad;
It is a shame that both the original man (the African Bushmen) our real connection with the origin of humanity and the Afrikaner who re-discovered and joined him are threatened 'tribes' today - with very little representation in Southern Africa.
Lucky, lucky, lucky me.
And that is Nick walking independently with it. I'm not helping his feet or moving the walker. He is doing it ALL BY HIMSELF! And we were all there!
I'll have a roundup of all the Cook the Books posts about Outlaw Cook after the January 23 deadline, so be sure to stop back to see all the submissions. Next up for our book club is Roald Dahl's childhood classic, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, which will be hosted by Deb during February/March. Happy reading and eating!
We hope to bring attention to our cause to put pressure on the Kuala Lumpur Mayor to stop this hill slope project which will destroy the environment of the area.
Do you suffer from Allergy or congestion once spring comes around. Some think it is a reaction in the body. The heavier mucus the body accumulates during the Winter starts to melt within and we need to release this mucus. You can do this by increasing spring foods which happen to be light and easily digestible foods. Green vegetables happen to be among the first items to pop up in the garden for a reason. They help us to cut the mucus and detox.
16. Let It Rock
The journey is easy today - kids off school, roads quiet, but I am stood down just as I approach. I decide that there is no time to return home, and I continue on to the hospital.
Lakoff’s work (on moral-framing systems) shows how the American right succeeded by framing political issues in terms of a moral system which appeals to the “rugged individualist” identity, and which gives primacy to self-reliance and self-discipline, etc. Lakoff describes this moral system as follows:
My husband and I went to the NICU to give Peyton some presents in the morning and he was completely fine. That evening we went back to give him his last few gifts, and were just in time to see the nurses begin blood cultures on my tiny bundle. They said something was wrong, but they weren’t sure what. Within 10 minutes he was pricked at least 7 times trying to get blood out of his tiny veins with no success. It was shortly after that they informed us that they though he might have an infection in his intestines and would be transported to Children’s Hospital in Pittsburgh for further testing. After a 90 minute drive and 4 hours in the waiting room, we were finally able to see Peyton. They told us that he was very sick with Necrotizing Enterocolitis (NEC), and may require surgery. A couple days later that option was a reality and my less than 3 pound and 3 week old baby was going under the knife.
By Rachel Jones
Third: (tie) Black Sunday/Ronin
Kitchen Trends: Although tile, wood and laminate flooring remain popular choices, marble flooring is the latest trend for high-end kitchens.
And of course – as you can easily see – each of these situations is fraught with danger. If not right now, then soon.
You might want to tell Primo that throughout his day not one health care worker, including docs, RNs, and subordinate personnel knew enough to say "lie" vs. lay. When we saw Maria for a brief time on Sunday, we asked how things were going at college, and she enthusiastically responded "good," instead of well. We didn't correct her. I remember how you chided us at the dinner table at Stephanie's house when Dad mentioned/corrected Maria about "these ones." One is either fur or agin maintaining English usage standards. The most egregious example I ran into recently was a quotation by billionaire, Mayor Michael Bloomburg of NYC wherein he talked about young people "graduating college."
this man led a truly remarkable life - and a good portion of it was spend expanding the borders of our first amendment rights.
You love school
Pour the olive oil into a small bowl and add the ancho chile powder, oregano, cumin, chopped cilantro, salt, pepper and jalapeño. Mix well. Place the fish on a dish and pour the marinade over it, making sure to coat the fish well on both sides. Allow to marinate for 20 minutes. (I put it in a Ziploc bag to marinate)
We also went to western restaurants. The first evening we went to a pizza place called “High Fly”. Their pizzas are also better then anything we can get in our city.
Sooooooooo........today got off to a good start with me staying in bed until 1pm!!!! omg! well it is the weekend after all haha.
A refreshing and different variation from your run of the mill IPA. The 6.9% ABV, while not terribly strong, will sneak up on you if u have at least 2 of these 500ml gems.
English Beat
A Proverbs 31 woman weighs 110 pounds and has perfect country-singer hair. (That’s in verse 52.)
Since Midnight Commander is free and available for virtually all versions of Linux, learning to use it now will put you a step ahead for the day when you get sick of being seen as a cash cow by Apple, and are ready to move on to a computer that runs Linux. Ubuntu Linux in particular has finally matured to the point that it is actually usable by non-geeky types, and the vast majority of the software in the Linux world is still free. I like free software, and I don’t like watching the “spinning beach ball of death” on my Mac Mini, so unless someone gives me a newer one as a gift or something (not likely), the Mac Mini I’m using now is probably going to be the last Mac I will ever own.
“What did you wish for ? ” I asked him,sounding very much the idiot i was feeling like inside.
Before we go into the details of the subject let us first clarify what we mean by the terms “general” (aam) and “absolute” (mutlaq). When a verse is described as “general” it means that it covers everything related to the subject. “Absolute” means that the verse is not limited in a particular aspect of the subject in question. If a verse is general, another verse (or evidence from Sunnah) is required to make it specific (khass) otherwise it must remain as general. Similarly if the verse is absolute another evidence is required to “limit” (muqayad) it, otherwise it to remains absolute.
250g butter
3WW: Demolish, Resolution, Transform.
4.) Drain pasta and return to stove. Add cooked pesto sauce mixture and cooked chicken. Mix until pasta and chicken is coated with pesto sauce mixture.
I would also tell you that the facilities are of similar dimension and that is where I would be wrong. You know how you remember things from your childhood as being much bigger and then when you go back to visit them you realize that your perspective has changed? That happened to me a few times on this trip. I was surprised at how in reality both the sanctuary and the social hall are much smaller than memory serves. They look the same, they are lovely, just smaller than I remember.
Starting in one day down to the south, we spend the morning in Gobustan. There we had many migrating passerines, including a Barred Warbler and some Tree Pipits. We also saw Woodchat Shrikes, Rock Nuthatches feeding at the nest and some nice Chukars.The usual Pied- and Eastern Black-eared Wheatears and their hybrids would be a great topic for some genetic studies!
Brian and I refer to it as our Evangelical Hero Complex.
I have no access to what Kerr wrote since that requires a fee, but it should be remembered that the musicals of Prince and Sondheim in the 1970s marked a bit of a changing of the guard. Barnes, whose first love had always been as a dance critic, had reviewed dance at various publications since 1953 and theater, film and television since 1956. Walter Kerr, himself an occasional writer of plays and musicals, whose collaboration with his wife Jean Kerr, Goldilocks, won two Tonys in 1958, seven years after he'd first began a job as a theater critic, also taught speech and drama at The Catholic University of America. Don't see any conflicts there. Still, it didn't stop him from getting a Pulitzer Prize in Criticism for his theater reviews in 1978. Thankfully, the Old Guard didn't represent everyone in 1971. In fact, it prompted another writer at The New York Times, Martin Gottfried, to pen a contrary opinion on the new musical in the same newspaper that ran Barnes' and Kerr's pans. Gottfried wrote on April 25, 1971:
I’ve never seen a smiling face that was not beautiful. ~Author Unknown
Fast forward five years. I am now out of High School, in college, and Beth is now working at Sheetz. One night I was sitting in my dorm room at college and my phone rang, it was Beth! :) This wasn’t unusual, because we would call each other and talk all of the time. I answered the phone with my usual, “Hey! What’s up?” and was greeted by a panic in her voice that made my blood run cold. Apparently, Beth had been working with a girl at Sheetz that night that told her she had seen a ghost. I listened intently as she described every detail of the story, but there was something oddly familiar about what she was telling me…it was oddly familiar because it was the exact scenario that I had experienced years before. I never told Beth this story (because I knew how scared she would be) and I certainly never told this girl that she was working with this story.
Your glacial intellect, which birthed the first
I hope your year has gotten off to a great start!
In real life when you or your friends go off the deep end on a bender to remember there are usually some pretty serious real life repercussions that have to be dealt with.
Things were a little tougher with my children. I'm proud to raise them as critical freethinkers. They question just about everything I do, and it's sometimes a struggle. I found myself talking to a wall, when I introduced this new way of life and tried to reason with them about the benefits of living like this. After all, to them this meant that everything they loved (cookies, pancakes, rice, pasta, bread etc etc) would go away. Sure, the almond flour pancakes were quickly adopted instead of the "real thing". But this didn't mean, that they would buy into the paleo lifestyle altogether.
If you are interested in becoming a volunteer, the Volunteer Lawyers Project in partnership with the Real Estate section of the Boston Bar Association will be having a training on “Trying a case in Boston Housing Court.” The esteemed panel includes the Honorable Jeffrey Winik, First Justice of the Boston Housing Court, Stefanie Balandis, Greater Boston Legal Services, Joanna Allison, Volunteer Lawyers Project and, of course, Chris Saccardi, the Law Office of Christopher T. Saccardi.
Which was still an hour and a half. On bleachers. And, in our case, with a toddler.
My 6-year-old self is tickled pink!
My grandmother taught me to crochet in grade school. I spent the first week in the summertime making a LONG chain and single or dc all the way back. We spent the day out on a long dock fishing and I crocheted the length of the dock and back.
I've been doing cool things around the city this past week and I wish I could share them on my blog but I lost my camera :(
The tasters:
The perception of God that is described here is, sadly, not so far off from what many women experience today.
there's nothing
XXL-2
On the plus side, though, it will add a whole new dimension to my Beckham bathroom contemplations.
However, after I walked the first morning, I decided to wander around the resort and take pictures. The resort was small and cozy (apx. 300 rooms) and very easy to find your way around. This is critical for me because I can't read a map -- true story! Anyhoo, I love everything about our beach vacations so it really is soooo much fun for me to take pictures. Of course, we are already talking about taking the punks some day. However, it won't be for a long time. If we are going to spend a chunk of change, we want them to remember it. For now, we will continue going alone. Here is a quick tour of our adorable resort. I am already counting down the days until we go back!
The research shows children aged from six to 11 are drawn to the slickly presented packs, responding with remarks such as, "It makes you feel you're in a wonderland of happiness", "It reminds me of a Ferrari" and "Yeah, pink, pink, pink." Jean King, director of tobacco control for the charity, said: "Children are drawn to the colourful and slick designs without having a full understanding of how deadly the product is inside the pack. It is time to end the packet racket."
By 2005, Thurman was commanding a salary of $12.5 million per film. Her first film of the year was Be Cool, the sequel to 1995′s Get Shorty, which reunited her with her Pulp Fiction cast mate John Travolta. In the film, she played the widow of a deceased music business executive.
Although it's set in the future the story took me right back. The music references were like a trip down memory lane and the author has kindly compiled a mix tape for listening to alongside the book. Epic soundtrack!
By merits of it being a Hitchcock film, the scene is zippy and glamorous, all the more because Hitch uses a crane shot to follow Grant from one corner to the other, a gravity-less vantage that for a moment takes you above the busiest place in New York.
Can you really blame us after the 1988 judicial crisis, the Lingam scandal, the failure to implement the IPCMC, the failure to establish the Judicial Appointments Commission and the fact that police personnel are today unashamedly fighting over the apportionment of their ill gotten gains? And that’s just off the top of my head.
Obviously I accept not had time to column abundant lately. I haven't had time to do abundant of anything, in actuality — except work, that is — let abandoned gaming. I accept an anytime growing excess of amateur I've yet to play or finish. The hosts of Joystiq Podcast referred to this as a "Shelf of Shame." Hearing this appellation got me thinking, what amateur do I own that accept been sitting on my Shelf of Shame?
We’ll have pictures of our bikes up soon!
Pinch of pepper
background. The soft, sour, fruity aftertaste is long and
Quisiera yo renegar de
On 27 July 2005, BBC reporter Phil Mackie admitted on Radio 5 Brian Hayes 10 pm programme that the BBC censors the truth about Muslims and that the BBC is selective in its broadcasting of Muslim statements. The function of the media is to prepare the public for whatever measures the establishment plan to further the Muslim extremists’ interests.
4.) The character in question ‘trolls’ the guards in every city.
Why It’s Working: Recyclebank rewards environmentally friendly actions with points, which are a monetary incentive to recycle. You can also compare your behavior with others on leaderboards in the Recyclebank Ecosystem.
Analyzing each theme
I fully expect to simulcast my first Disney post this week.
Moreover, despite the BNP spokesman’s claims that Mr Killen’s flirtation with Nazism “was a long time ago”, the photo caption says it was taken by one Chloe Pattie. A brief surf of the Internet gives her current age as 21, and reveals that until last year she was a photography diploma student at Southport College. Reading between the lines it appears to have been taken as part of an assignment for her diploma A long time ago? Doesn’t sound like it to us. Doesn’t sound like Killen has changed his spots or his Hitler salute either.
56. It use to be hard working 4 doors down from Merrit's Bakery. Not any more...who cares???
This woman's horrifying career and its impact on the world she occupies throws more light on the life and values of our neighbors than a free press alone, which they have never had, would or could.
It was quite a feat for me to actually get a scrappy page done- I always stand when I scrap, but as sick as I am, I can't stand for very long. So I actually completed this page pretty quickly and honestly, I don't know how I feel about it. I really had something better in mind...but with as foggy a mind as I have right now, that picture just wasn't real clear to me anymore...
For now, I’m concentrating on running and the occasional chin-up. While Ma & Pa were here I tried to kick things off with a gentle jog back from dropping the hire car off in Kings Cross. It’s a four to five K run if you go along the main road. But that’s a bit fumey. So I tried to find a more scenic route. 10K later I was back home to a very worried Sarah.
My goal is to share my experiences and hopefully people will feel the same fullness and learn from the mistakes I’ve made.
Violent protests hit the streets in the weeks after Mr. Grant’s death. On Jan. 7, more than 100 people were arrested after protesters marched through the city breaking store windows and setting cars and trashcans on fire.
Another choice framework can be used to make decisions on which marketing strategy to adopt based on how aware people are about the task and the solution to fulfill it.
Nobody is doing that to the Black people in Africa.
Phreak: What did you do to me?
Pour a little vinegar onto a sheet of newspaper and wipe windows. Remove all the grime and polish the window with a clean sheet of newspaper.
Taking a walk back to the wonderful Era of the 1930's - 1940's ..when times were simpler ..you made do and the Colors of the Feedsack and Flour Sack fabrics filled your home ...from Old Metal Cannister Sets set ablaze with thier Florals in Red's and Blues .. To Tables set with Red Trimmed enamelware ..and the Laundry line filled with old feedsack Dresses.
Autumn will come and summer will go
Life and death are in the power of the tongue, and those who love it will eat its fruit. (Proverbs 18:21)
Joseph Anthony Eacobacci, 26, New York, N.Y.
SB: Thank you. You corrected my linear thinking and hierarchical thinking, and told me many things that I didn’t realize or know—and I’m sure there are an infinite number more. One of the things you’ve said that I still have trouble understanding is that you can be a million places at once. My mind simply cannot fathom that. And a large number of jokes go out in my mind, like, “Which Michael am I speaking to?”
Willis WO, de Peyster A, Molgaard CA, Walker C, MacKendrick T. Pregnancy outcome among women exposed to pesticides through work or residence in an agricultural area. J Occup Med 1993; 35: 943-949.
When Lucy had a birthday,
Meet Pnut. He’s the oldest of our pets. What can I say about him? He’s 16 and he’s seen a lot of change in his life. Good old stable Pnut with the milk mustache and the ability to see shadows has been as much a part of our family as BB has.
A limestone mine first dug in the eighteenth century. Deep, dark, wet and enormous (couldn't get a decent photograph of the interior as the camera's flash was somewhat inadequate). Bit spooky when we turned the torches off. Which we did a lot.
I AM FUCKING DEAD.
I will tell you guys its brutal, I don’t care what your assessment of me is regarding the need of my phone, I did it all day today so I know I can handle it but it is the shear fact that I am obsessed with constant checking of it. I need my phone like Barack Obama needs haters, I need my phone like Nicole Richie needs a burger, I need my phone like Ellen needs some new dance moves. I can’t help it and I can’t wait for tomorrow to get here soon enough.
The Strand
Brian Paddick, who was basically defending the Met, said this was terrible but “clearly everyone has their price”.
2012 is the year director Christopher Nolan will release his third and final Batman movie called The Dark Knight Rises. In this movie we are probably going to see an all new batcave (the previous one got destroyed). It would surprise us if this new cave is more beautiful then the one Outer Rim Emperor created with LEGO.
“Oh, well then, I guess you haven’t read any of his poetry,” the waitress tipped her pony-tailed head forward to peer over her nose towards the booths in the back. Beth turned in her chair with her gaze following. The back of the café housed a drawn, hunched figure chewing a pen and staring at a page that must have created a world from which the man could not escape.
What mysteries await me? First of all, that red box is a 1989 Fleer Factory set. No, really. I love that box because it has Gary Carter on the front. I might ditch the set and just keep the box. It somehow made it to the back of this pile.
As always, feel free to share information from this blog with others — repost, reprint and pass it on. All I ask is that you give me credit as the source of the information, and include a link to this blog. Thanks! Cindi
What else do I have to lose? What is the worst that could happen? I could be reincarnated because I failed to escape the cycle of birth and death. For me, that would be the worst case scenario, but even then my karma would nudge me a bit higher. If I am wrong about where my soul will find its rest, and I merely drift about as a ghost in the wind, at least I will be free of this tiresome fleshy luggage that requires constant care. I could hover like a small cloud of love around my sons every day, twirling a dirt devil or two, whispering secrets into their ears, huddling in the warmth of their curly hair, or playing the wind chimes in the front of their homes.
The baby is doing great and just as cute as can be! Logan took great care of her while I was gone.
This book presents, in extraordinary detail, sixteen landmark cases that profoundly affect the protection of intellectual property rights in China. Written by six prominent Chinese legal scholars and jurists – including judges who themselves participated in these decisions – each case is fully described and analysed: the parties and their representatives, the basic facts, the facts ascertained by the court, the evidence presented by plaintiffs and defendants, the judges’ opinions with their arguments and reasoning, the unanimous conclusions, and the
Even social networking giant "Facebook" is putting in place a new way for members to send an alert that another member has threatened suicide on their website. CLICK HERE to visit the "Suicide" help page on Facebook.
Menma: He’s been taking care of me a lot while I didn’t try to think about myself…
Go forth, the Mass is ended.
A trust spokeswoman said it could be because pupils just chose a salad or a dessert rather than a full meal.
My life in many ways has had a lot of blessings among the pitfalls but it seems as if they stand out more. I do not know what joy feels like. I have moments, seconds of feeling good but they are overshadowed by aeons of sadness.
He crapped out on me on round 4. It was stuff like, “when do we take a break?” LOL!! I loved it and thought he was going to his room and continue Xboxing but he actually stuck around and watched me. I think it was a surprise to him that I was able to do that. And even more surprising to me were two things I saw today. I was able to do a plank partially on my toes and I’m having a much easier time getting up off the floor. Yay!
Its easier to throw clothes away than give them away.
Yeah, incredibly hypnotic trance inducing tribal house music. Big bouncy beats that'll get you locked in, drums to get your blood pumping, and spacey synths and strange sounds and samples to make you gaze in awe. All of it looped to no end and played with indulgently. It won't let me sit still, I don't want to sit still, this is great. I don't care if it's super repetitive, I have no idea how much time is going by when it's on. - Matthew Foster
My friend works as an agent for an Immobilier.
Well that's it for me today, I shall be back soon with some more of my recent creations and believe me I have been rather busy in the crafting department.....lol!!!
They buried my body, they thought I was gone
Now I must go pick some wild blueberries in my field to make Spiced Wild Blueberry Jam for those hungry workshop participants! Alles gute!
The Hysterectomy Association of the UK is sponsoring the Hysteria 2012 Short Story Competition. Submit your short story of up to 2,000 words, on any subject of appeal to women (stories do not have to have anything to do with hysterectomies) by August 31. First prize is 400 pounds. The top 10 stories and poems will be published in an anthology. The contest is open to women of any nationality. Find out more information here.
I’ve given it some thought and decided that I’d quite fancy seeing Holden Caulfield from CATCHER IN THE RYE on Joseph O’Loughlin’s couch pouring out his teenage angst about the fakes of phoneys in the world.
· Thirdly, as an artist he certainly has artistic vision and his own art style that everyone can understand, but no one else creates visual fantasy art that is anything like his!
and supporting mine.
I stiffened another nod.
Remember me, LORD Jesus Christ, when You come as King! Amen!
It was always the world against us.Seems that the world is still against us.Instead of moving forward we are both stuck exactly at the same point,the same places,the same circumstances with no exit signs.I am walking in the dark and you walk towards the end of the tunnel.You wish you could help me .I don’t want any help right now.You stretch the hand out to cover the distance separating us and the screen turns black.I have to switch off the computer.
22. Crowd - Drum Solo - Portrait (He Knew)
And as I write this I am just a little bit sad, in the midst of all the happiness his birthday brought. It seems like the end of an era, somehow.
I'm picking up my younger sister who is coming in from San Francisco tonight. Tomorrow we will spend the day and night up at my older sister's house. I'm so looking forward to spending time with them. We are going to do fun stuff that sisters do like shop, eat, talk, hang out and watch teen vampire movies. Yep, we're finally going to go see Breaking Dawn. Tomorrow also marks the official start of my holiday vacation. I don't go back to work until Jan 3rd. For the next 13 days I will be a Lady of Leisure. My job totally shuts down for the holidays and we don't even have to use vacation time. My time will be all my own to do with whatever I please. I've felt so tired and ragged like I always do towards the end of a long year so I really, really REALLY need this right about now. I am free!! And it feels great.
We’ve gotten used to the good stuff. We crave the good stuff. We want the good stuff – I WANT THE GOOD STUFF!
for the grans? They will have quite the collection someday.
I decide to go with a Pedstal Card 4 1/4 x 11
In addition to a good critique partner, I've started imposing my own restrictions until I meet my writing goals (otherwise known as writegoal carrots). I've learned this week that pedicures and books are great for me. I've written nearly 5 thousand words in three days just by my own restrictions. It doesn't sound like much, but for me it's great!!
It took me ages to embrace the colourful side of me, but it's OK, girls, as long as we get to know and embrace who we are.
She always told me that we weren't allowed to grow up but now that I have you, I know what she meant. There are days that I just want to freeze time so that I can protect you forever. Like this morning, when you fell asleep on my chest, I wanted to stay in that moment forever, just listening to you snore and breathing you in. But just as fast as I wish you would stay 2 months old forever, I can't wait to see you grow up.
Really though, how stoned do you have to be to think that would work?
This is an enjoyable movie overall that I think people who have both read and not read the book and for all ages. Good story, good characters and an interesting period make this the best movie I’ve seen this year so far.
They place upon your mind
Following the restructuring of public debt and new loan agreement signed by the Greek state and the troika (EU-ECB-IMF.), new measures come from June 2012.
7. Seagull
Now, I have a question for you.
Don’t Think Twice It’s Alright – Hub Hollow
Does anyone have a HP printer that gives you a paper mismatch error all the time. I am about to throw this silly printer right out the window! Ugggg--I have been working on wedding invites and have NOTHING but problems with this silly printer! I have spent hours and hours trying to figure it out. The weird thing is that every now and then I think it is fixed because it will print one and then it goes right back to the error message. As far as I can figure it is because of some silly sensor that is malfunctioning! Oh well, sorry for the rant. I have so many cards I want to share this week but haven't been able to get them posted so I am taking a break from the invites to post one now!
Shaken: Combine all the ingredients in a cocktail shaker. Shake well and pour into a tall glass with ice cubes
I've gone for a vintage look by choosing some gorgeous striped DP from Graphic45 ... the Christmas Emporium collection ... love the muted creams and browns ... and I've teamed it up with a stunning lace/velvet trim from Anna Griffin. You can just about see that there's some script stamped down the left side of the paper.
Look, Margie. I know it's been a few decades since you asked all those questions about your boobs and your period and crap like that. Now that you're a 52 year-old Walmart greeter with a failed marriage and a daughter who became a Scientologist, I'm sure those questions are more or less moot. I suppose you have a whole other list -- which I'm also not going to answer. Instead I wanted to clear something up for you.
To follow my process, mark the center of the contrast square and cut a 4" diameter circle. I used an Olfa circle cutter, but you can use a template if you like.
The front Page showed B movie actress Liz Hurley and a rather waxlike Shane Warne, with the headline portraying the story inside to be a 'world exclusive' about their love life, wedding plans and other such vitally important news.
The way I keep forgetting that my friend is moving to Chicago.
Whatever Dutch spotted here could be linked to the objects in the skies over Mexico, then again maybe not. Sure would be nice if we had an honest government that properly informed it’s citizens about the universe, solar system and world we lived in because it certainly appears they know a helluva a lot more than they’re letting on. Gets tricky trying to figure this stuff out on our own sometimes, because life sure is turning out to be stranger than fiction…science fiction to be precise.
If you like some of those lounge compilation discs that were so popular in the late 90's, you'll love this record. This is bid band easy listening lounge music at its finest. Playing this in the house really sets a nice mood when you want to relax. I also was playing the record in the car this morning on the way to work and it made the morning, that much brighter. I'm so happy I've digitized it now and can have it with me on the go.
KZKYF Blog (kzkyfblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
She wouldn't budge. It was a Mexican stand off. That devolved into a 15 minute temper tantrum....by her, not me - let's be clear about this.
I swear, my cat is possibly the single laziest creature alive. I rarely see her up and about, unless it’s time to eat or someone goes into the back yard (she loves e back yard).
(Wild Honey, by the way, is currently available coupled with the group's Smiley Smile—an album that is also a kind of dumping ground of material from those initial aborted Smile sessions—released the same year. Smiley Smile is a decent-enough album in its own right—and hey, it features their big hit "Good Vibrations"...never a bad thing, in my view.)
Dates: Jul 9-20; Aug 6-17; Age/Grade Range: 7yo+
So next time you get a craving for brownies..try this ; )
because you never forget that look of pure joy on your child's face.
11. My mother taught me: WEATHER.
flash. Sometimes having someone who has a distinctive sound doesn't
…OK, OK, I know that it’s a list of two different numbers that just happen to be separated by a slash. They aren’t really fractions. It just looked odd enough to me that it cought my eye, and I grabbed a shot of it for posterity’s sake.
The Day of Mourning is a national annual event, which began in Canada and is now commemorated in more than 70 countries worldwide.
This is a quick easy recipe of a veggie puffed pie which is crispy,crunchy,spicy and yummy.........Its the best finger food.Good for party time....a easy holiday food.I assure you friends you will not be disappointed.....It give the same taste as a deep fried dish.The same way you can prepare smaosa's also.SO this will be a best way to eat the same tasty food without deep fry.
Earlier this month I was lucky enough to meet up with Martin in London for an exclusive chat. An enormously engaging interviewee, he was happy to talk about every aspect of his career, and I found him incredibly honest and candid. It turned into quite a lengthy chat, so below is the first part of this two part interview.
So, that's it...back to square one...what I started doing 5 years ago - trying to find the needle (right manuscript) in the haystack (perfect agency/publishing house).
A new year came upon us, so is the 3rd year of the government of Sheikh Hasina- HM Ershad- Hasanul Inu – Maolana Misbah-Ul-Islam- Comrade Moinuddin Khan Badal. Under siege by police and neo-gestapo RAB; the new years eve was fairly uneventful. At least there was no public display of sexual harassment in the form of a torn clothe student at Dhaka University Student center premises.
And it seems to me that in a true Christian community, sometimes it should be ok not to be ok. That we should create those places for people to show up just as they are, with all the mess that comes along with that. And those who can and are equipped to do so, should walk alongside those who can’t for a season, till the one in pain has safely begun what is often the long road to recovery. Till the one who is in need has the resources in place to meet their needs as they continue their journey, to wherever it is Jesus is leading. Till they are on their way to being more than just ok, but becoming more like their Healer.
There are many different ways to make quince into jam. You can grate it, you can slice it thinly and you can cut in small chunks. With the slicing it turns into more of a conserve. Or you can make jelly. So I made a bit of everything.
A SILLY prank has seen a Tacoma man arrested after staff at a Tuggerah store thought they were about to be robbed, sparking a full-scale police operation which included calling in a helicopter.
I've also been busy with working, but I have been (trying) to make myself rest in the mornings and take it easy per doctor's orders. Let me tell you, that's really hard for me. I have another appointment next week, so we'll see what the doc says then.
Notice:
You would think that when if you wanted a healthy option when dining out the salad section would be the best place to go, but ordering a salad is no guarantee that you’ll be getting something sensible. Too often they are loaded with full-fat cheeses, candied nuts, and tortilla strips or croutons, and that’s all before the dressing gets lovingly tossed in. If you take a look at the calorie counts of the big chain restaurants you’ll see what I mean. Applebee’s, who does a pretty good job as far as chains are concerned with low-cal options, has some pretty dangerous salads out there.
(which I think it's a really good movie) -
You either love Peter Mayle or you hate him. I'm in the first group. His books conjure up for me all the sights, sounds, tastes and smells of Provence - which I have, I must confess, never visited apart from the (very) odd weekend on the Cote d'Azur. Peter Mayle's Provence is full of charmingly eccentric Anglophile locals, rural idylls, comical dogs, good cheap wine, blue curls of woodsmoke, the chink of pétanque balls, village fetes, truffle deals, fabulous sunsets, pastis tastings, goat races, long lunches, and honest workmen. I'm not so sure this Provence actually existed when Mayle wrote the book, and it certainly doesn't now he's ruined it. I suspect you'd be lucky to find a real French person anywhere between Aix en Provence and Draguignan these days.
Just as I don't know how I found the grocery store, I have no idea how I eventually ended up back at my hotel. I don't think anyone even knew I was gone.
But let’s say that Brien could find 5000 people to join a law suit against me. What is it he is suing me for? Telling the truth? Revealing that he has been deceiving authors and taking their money without providing services? Is this a crime? Are we all living on that Animal Farm where truth becomes lies and lies become the law?
They will NOT be allowed to play on the computer for fun. They will NOT be doing fun educational games that are not necessary to their education. They will not be watching TV for fun. We will limit their TV use to only the DVDs needed for their courses. They will not be allowed to use my Nook for the games/apps. They will not be allowed to suddenly ignore the real books they have & start only reading e-books, so they can use my Nook.
- She can identify most animals, including (but not limited to) cats, dogs, birds, frogs, turtles, fish, elephants, giraffes, horses, cows, ducks, chickens, geese, crabs, bears and bugs (yes, I know they're not technically animals...)
The botheration actuality is that Nintendo is so built-in with its own family-friendly angel that even third affair developers can't breach through its connotation. What is bald is a cast that is afar with, but still controlled by, Nintendo. Imagine traveling into a bold store, and you see on affectation the Nintendo Wii, a alpine white box with a Remote ambassador and a cartoony sports package, and the Sora Revolution*, a collapsed atramentous box with a Archetypal Ambassador and a aphotic fantasy adventitious about a adolescent man who gets affronted into a wolf (we'll pretend for the annual of this archetype that you can play Twilight Angel with a Archetypal Controller). Which of these do you anticipate would abode to the "hardcore" gamer? How about the Nintendo DS adjoin the Sora Nitro*?
I have felt the limitless bottom
Well, we were.
Cooked this dish last Sunday....lazy, tired and do not know what to cook
4. We wrapped up Bible study my oldest two girls were in last Wednesday night with an Almost Slumber Party. It was so fun! Most everyone, including the moms, showed up in pajamas. The girls finished their study, then we ate hot dogs, had ice cream sundaes, and then the girls watched Tangled while the moms visited.
so I thought I would make another one,
I dropped Hank off at daycare and set up the road a few miles, near the Pennsylvania border. I stopped and stepped out in a few spots. Looking for rising fish. Looking for a hatch. I saw neither. I enjoyed my coffee. The river gage had read 80cfs. Looked about right. Time for a few more sips of coffee.
But in the late 16th century, English philosopher and scientist Sir
Thirty minutes later I returned to the kitchen and saw, with my own disbelieving eyes, at least half the broccoli still lying on the chopping board in its virgin state. A rant at Jeremy Vine too far, clearly. I am absolutely CRAP at being an Adult, I decided, scraping the abandoned broccoli into the soup pan and setting the dinger to go in another 30 minutes. By which time any nutrition in the veg would have been boiled to usefulness of wet cardboard. Mental state: Utterly pissed off.
She wove a braid of blue, black, and green; into a friendship bracelet for Jude. She made sure it was perfect, and handed it to him Monday morning, that first day that Grace didn’t go to school.
Health and Safety hadn't been invented back then. In the playground we played Hot Rice (throwing a ball very hard to try and hit kids' legs) and we often went out on Nature Walks without even taking a permission letter home... but we learned to read and write and I can still chant my times tables so they must have got something right.
in a car accident with you than be kidnapped. You can leave them alone, all day long if you like (provided that they are of an age where they are no longer running into traffic and such), and nothing will happen that can’t be fixed with some Bactine and a Band-Aid.
Honour - VNV Nation
After the parade was over, we stumbled upon a ‘new to us’ snack stand and my husband discovered and fell in love with a ‘new to him’ raspberry lemonade slush. The kids also enjoyed their orange slushes. Not to be confused with orange lushes.
isn't impressed
February sucks. Every year for ME - February sucks. I get moody, tired, unmotivated and generally I just don't feel like myself. I like to call it the February Blues. It's actually fairly common. I have been doing some reading on the subject in the last week or so and I came across some research done in December 2010, by some German Doctors. The research followed approx 2000 people in Germany (mainly women) - having them document on a daily online journal, how they were feeling on each specific day. The research also followed weather trends in those areas - and in the end the two were cross referenced and the results showed a definite link between mood & weather! They also stated that a Vitamin D deficiency can be a root source of the winter blues (I take 2000iu every day right now!), as well as a genetic inheritance from your mother! (I spoke to my mom a few days ago, who said she used to feel this way every now & then - so maybe?!). Another thought behind the winter blues is the reduced sunlight during the fall and winter months. Less sun = a reduced production of serotonin in the the brain. Serotonin in our bodies has a soothing, calming effect. The result of there not being enough serotonin is feelings of depression along with symptoms of fatigue, etc. So this is REAL folks, it's a reality for me!
Meanwhile, Romania is waiting to see a new cabinet shaping up in this coming week. The country’s government collapsed on Friday as the result of a confidence vote and caused the IMF to rethink its €5bn aid package. read article
The Gateway seemed to open into a whole new cave, dark and vast, lit fitfully from below, until Rel realised he was looking up at the ceiling of the Abyss. Well, he should have expected that; it was after all the only place on the other side of the door that Rissad had either seen or been before. The other end of the Gate had to be in the floor of the ledge, a difficult enough proposition to get through without Rissad's injuries. Rissad met Rel's worried frown with a raised eyebrow that eloquently underscored Rel's lack of better ideas.
Following are excerpts from an address by leading Sunni scholar Sheik Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi, which aired on Al-Jazeera TV on January 16, 2011.
“Isn’t this usual?” said Joseph. “I’ll bet nearly everyone in this jail didn’t do what they’re told they did.”
S was first to the scene, which still amazes me as she was downstairs, in the dark, ALONE, and yet she still rushed TOWARDS the scariness. By the time Number2 and I got there, the screaming had stopped and S was in the bedroom doorway asking T and M what the heck happened.
I had to spend New Years Day this year at the emergency room with my wife at Methodist Hospital in Park Slope. After about twelve hours they finally discharged her. On the way out we passed by the Chapel in the hospital. There’s a plaque on the wall outside the Chapel that’s dedicated to the memory of a little boy that initially survived that Jet crash. Only to die a day later of severe burns. They bronzed all the change the kid had in his pocket, and attached it to the plaque. His name was Stephen Baltz.
Mellor said there are three types of universally accepted pimps. The smooth-talking Mac daddy pimp says he loves a girl, takes her out on dates, and treats her well — at first. The guerrilla pimp threatens violence and beats his girls into submission. Then there is the addict pimp who gets a girl addicted then makes her work for drugs.
This one called for taking everything out of both fridge and freezer; tossing what was gross; quickly scrubbing the inside of the fridge/freezer while everything was out of it; putting the good stuff back in but in a more organized manner. (There is some Food Waste Friday material from this challenge that you will see later). I actually didn’t do this task. I woke up Sunday morning to TGF doing it for me. He even took pics!
We have more kinds of food but less good nutrition.
the May kit is being called. " love in an instant"
Hello and welcome back, are you getting used to us being weekly yet?
In search of his first major championship since the 2008 U.S. Open, Woods has come to play well. Two weeks ago, won his first PGA Tour event in 30 months. But on the driving range before his turn, said he felt something crawling on him.
To Do List this week:
With a sign up like this from the company chairman, you know the service is going to be very good. There are other similar signs up around the store, all saying it’s all about service and making sure they do right by you the customer. And the same in all their stores. I popped back today to take the photo and asked the guy before I did and explained why – and he smiled!
I stamped some old chipboard letters from my stash with the cover a card stamp inked with versafine and cut the wings from the Tim Holtz Alterations: Bigz Die - Heart and wings which were then colored and triple embossed with a crackle stamp pressed into the melted embossing powder
In the morning after breakfast I go to the bedroom to change clothes and the door jams. It sticks shut no matter how hard I push. Feels like something blocks the door so I push harder to see if I can move whatever it is out of the way. Just enough to get my head in to take a peek inside. And that something in the way turns out to be my naked Grandpa holding his underwear over his genitals.
I guess I am going to go with a Dog. I love some of the exotic animals out there but a dog is a mans best friend right :)
There are so many little extra surprises and so much more I could say about The Peabody House & Faryl but I feel they are better experienced than described! If you are considering a trip to Beautiful Eureka Springs-I highly recommend The Peabody so you too can experience the magic and surprises this lovely Inn has to offer. Okay Okay I will give you one hint....there may have been a towel warmer in the bathroom.....but that's all the little extras I'm sharing, you gotta go book your stay to find out what else awaits you.,...
Thank you all, you lovely ladies you for following my humble blog! You have made my day!
His father Nick Clooney did a live variety show on TV. At a young age, and with a high voice, he dressed as a leprechaun on a St. Patrick’s Day broadcast. Another time, he wore an Easter Bunny outfit.
MEANWHILE, heat oil in large skillet on medium-high heat. Add chicken; cook and stir 5 to 6 min. or until no longer pink. Add peppers and mushrooms; cook 3 min., stirring occasionally. Stir in tomatoes and dressing; simmer on medium-low heat 5 min. or until chicken is done.
*make sure ruffles stay nice and flattened down when you sew them... a few of mine got sewn "flipped upwards"
How did they feel when they first heard about the death of Trayvon Martin?
I originally bought this to put on top of the tree but the boys didn't want to stray from tradition. That was a win for me because I love my star and this allowed me to feature it here. One day on a whim I threw a piece of styrofoam into this pot, stuck in the star and filled with reindeer moss. Perfect!
Where was I? ...Oh yes.. wear appropriate clothing. Currently my appropriate clothing comprises two pairs of sox, one pair of saggy crotch thermal long johns, one pair of tight jeans, (to keep the thermals up,) several jumpers, a light windproof coat, a wool scarf, gardening gloves and my sturdy fake fur. I will, of course, put other layers on when I actually venture outdoors to collect the eggs.
The card I have made today is done with Distress inks on Water color paper. I have done faux stitching on it and distressed the edges with Antique Linen.
Since the balls kept trying to pop off the stick (causing me much anger and frustration) I spooned the chocolate on the balls rather than dunking. I didn't get a nice clean look, but at least I got it on there successfully!
Bashir al Assad's wife was pictured in the papers last weekend wearing Louboutins. Where on earth does Assad get all this money for designer shoes for his missus? I guess that as an eye surgeon he must do some private work on the side.
Sure enough I got it for her along with 500g of extra light and 500g of light spray malt. Along with the contents of the can, this would bring the alcohol content of the beer to between 3 and 3.5% which should lead to a light and refreshing brew.
They sent a whole team of physicists over here about 12 years ago, 14 years ago, and I actually consulted with them, and he’s still looking for a natural explanation, but he’s convinced that these lights do maintain this form, and he doesn’t know how they do that. He thinks there may be some kind of electromagnetic “bottle” formed. But in terms of what we know that’s as far-fetched as saying there’s some kind of life form that has this luminous energy body.
The prices really shocked me, it was a shame because there was some nice things but I couldn’t justifiy the cost.
in dancing, fencing, boxing; he should be instructed
Kindle note – your eBook cover will feature a small Kindle graphic on the lower right hand corner. Leave your book cover blank in that corner. Don’t put any important details there as it will be covered up with that graphic.
Now on to the giveaway!!
Amid the silence drear.’
The absence of a Fairy-story eucatastrophe makes the desperate stand of Húrin’s household appear in bolder relief. They are not allowed to skate around, but must walk through, the deepest depths of the doom of Men. Yet they do so in faithfulness to what good they see, whether beyond the Circles of the World, or in indestructible judgment. The Children of Húrin is thus to Tolkien’s body of work roughly what the eighty-eighth Psalm is to the Psalter: for the Psalmist, like Húrin’s house, was laid in the lowest pits, and yet “unto thee have I cried, O Lord.” [9]
Cultivate patience. During challenging times, allow circumstances to unfold before making judgments. The passage of time can bring about many changes. Use journaling, contemplation, meditation, or prayer to learn the virtues of patience and endurance.
India did perform well in Asian games and Commonwealth games, but on a global scale, the achievements are minimalistic. India’s performance in the Olympics – lesser said the better. We have participated in 22 Olympic Games and we have won only 20 medals in all. That’s way too less for a country with population exceeding a billion people. On a population to medals ratio, India is first from the bottom.
I might still be ruining Mom's recipes, but at least I've learned how to at least make a recipe look like hers along the way. I used the same vegetables and sauce ingredients, but made it Mom 2012 style by cutting the fat in a big way.
If the family is not on board, well, explain to them why you're going paleo (and who can argue with a happier, healthier parent and spouse!), and that you need them to support you. This means, they eat what you cook. If they choose to fill their bodies with things you can no longer eat, have them NOT bother YOU with it. They're perfectly capable of eating crackers and cookies without your help. ;)
and more
let contents = Buffer.contents buffer in Printf.printf "%d bytes in %d blocks, EOB = %010x%!" (String.length contents) !tot (pos_in inch); contents in let verify_logical_screen_descriptor inch = let width = input_le16 inch in let height = input_le16 inch in let fields = input_byte inch in let backgr = input_byte inch in let aspect = input_byte inch in Printf.printf "LSD w = %d, h = %d, f = %2x, b = %d, a = %d" width height fields backgr aspect; if fields land 0x80 == 0x80 then verify_color_table (1 + fields land 0x07) inch in let verify_image_descriptor inch = let left = input_le16 inch in let top = input_le16 inch in let width = input_le16 inch in let height = input_le16 inch in let fields = input_byte inch in Printf.printf "ID x = %d, y = %d, w = %d, h = %d, f = %2x" left top width height fields; if fields land 0x80 = 0x80 then verify_color_table (1 + fields land 0x07) inch in let verify_table_based_image inch = verify_image_descriptor inch; let bits = input_byte inch in Printf.printf "IMG code size = %d, " bits; ignore (verify_blocks inch) in let verify_plain_text_extension inch = check (12 == input_byte inch) "Expected block size = 12"; let left = input_le16 inch in let top = input_le16 inch in let width = input_le16 inch in let height = input_le16 inch in let _celwid = input_byte inch in let _celhgt = input_byte inch in let _fgcol = input_byte inch in let _bgcol = input_byte inch in Printf.printf "PTE l = %d, t = %d, w = %d, h = %d " left top width height;
Pack 5:
Q030) If you were to take RAY Magazine around Korea, where would you take us?
Improve Darts Performance – Self Hypnosis to Help Play Darts Better
And it soon became clear why such steps were taken— two officials soon plead guilty to criminal charges, and SAIC found one senior projects manager erroneously billed overtime hours. In fact, TechnoDyne, one of the largest subcontractors of Citytime, saw its executives flee the country after receiving federal indictments for their crimes. All this brought the number of people allegedly involved in Citytime corruption since last December to a whopping eleven, with federal prosecutors seizing more than $38 million in stolen funds from over 100 bank accounts hidden in international shell companies.
Many people today see Jerusalem as more than a hymn. It is almost our national anthem; as popular at rugby internationals as it is at earnest Labour party conferences; it is universal in its appeal. It’s also more than just the name of a magical place. It represents the British nation itself. And for me, you will see how it is particularly special.
‘Chime’ is maybe the best book I’ve read all year. It’s beautifully written: lyrical, funny, full of twists and turns and drama - and with a fantastic sense of place. Briony’s voice is astounding. I’ll leave you with an extract. Here she is, talking to herself, as Eldric’s tutor Mr Drury vanishes into the swamp:
It does not matter which group you are in A or B..... that is for me to know....
A reflecting pool
LOOSELY TRANSLATED: A National Exhibition of Antiques and Ham!
More than once I have seen someone deny that he was the driver in an accident ('my mate was driving and he legged it') to be confronted with the fact that the airbag has his DNA on it. Being smacked hard in the face with the bag produces ample traces of saliva snot and assorted tissue.
Crosby explains how weeds from the old world prepared the ground of the new world for European colonisers and were critical to the success of European expansion.
“Dysen. I’m from Alliance Corps.”
Indonesian government retreats from immediate fuel price rise
Try these out at your next party. Or just to be safe (and because you want to!) pre-test them by yourself (so you get to eat all the chips) and tell me what you think!
Contrary to applicant's apparent contention, the fact that there is no evidence of use by others of THEATL as a single term does not compel a finding that the mark is not descriptive. It is not necessary that the evidence show use by others in the exact manner in which it is displayed as a mark. See In re SPX Corp., 63 USPQ2d 1592 (TTAB 2002). The point is that the evidence in this case shows use of the very combination of terms applicant is seeking to register. . . .
Our adventures continued over lunch. Her Majesty got stuck at the tippy-top of one of those indoor playgrounds associated with fast-food restaurants, and neither my entreaties from the ground nor Wonder Boy's pulling on her legs helped. (The latter, in fact, made things worse). My ass was literally too wide to get into the damn thing and I was envisioning having to call for help, when a teeny-tiny mother brushed past me, squeezed into a hole the size of a computer screen, clambered up to the top, got my daughter, brought her down, gave her back to me without a word, and went back to her meal. I thanked her profusely, but she just stared at me.
Chronicles of Narnia – The Lion, The Witch, and The Wardrobe (Mobile)
Last night my husband and I had dinner and watched a movie (part of the gay agenda). We watched the French film A Love to Hide, based on the book Moi, Pierre Seel, déporté homosexuel by Pieere Seel. The movie tells the story of two lovers who are gay hiding a young Jewish woman during the Nazi Third Reich, or the Third Holy Roman Empire (gentle reminder that Hitler, who was elected Chancellor of Germany believed that it was the will of God to perform ethnic cleansing). The movie is reminiscent of Martin Sherman’s 1979 play Bent, which depicts the persecution of gays during Nazi Germany. Bent was turned into a movie in 1997.
So, I stumbled on this tutorial the other day and felt inspired. I don't happen to have a spindle, or any yarn making experience but I thought I might want to try making some decorative twine out of an old magazine I had sitting around. What you see here is the result.
To get a professional opinion on the issue, I read an article by John Donatich, director of Yale University Press, in the Journal of Scholarly Publishing entitled “Why Books Still Matter.”
Australia: Darwin Mayoral candidate hits out at park and street dwellers
Thank you to B& B for the review copy of this book. I received this book in exchange for an honest review and the opinions stated above are 100% mine.﻿
Like a whore — and tomorrow.
WINGS
The latter part of 2010 and the first few months of 2011 consisted of unsuccessful attempts to begin running regularly, interspersed with extended periods of sulking.
Magnet Mania architecture kit Beat Donkey Kong at Magnet Mania
Even though it’s the Iron Ball Pokemon, it doesn’t really look like an iron ball; only the head sorta looks like a ball.
Anyone can play along! just do the following:
(Take #2 of 2...)
WW: "Well if it is still at the store maybe you can pick it up."
Q: when we ask you why you don’t have testimonials you are allways evasive. Can you tell us why?
"You just can't get any other medium to do that wonderful juicy feel that you get from watercolor," Mary said.
49. Karen Souza - Tainted Love (3:13)
And if physical stuff wasnt enough, its gonna RAIN!
mind 40 years later when he had that T-rex snatch
I believe that sometimes you’ve got to Lay the Favorite.
New Belgium Brewing Inc. Le Terroir
“Fairy Tail” is the perfect manga for people of all ages – it mixes action, adventure, comedy, and fantasy in a way that keeps you either laughing the characters antics or growling at them for being so darn stupid. It actually happens to be one of my favorite mangas (and now has to be crossed off my ‘M’ Stands for Manga list). The plot follows celestial wizard Lucy who wants to join the Fairy Tail, a guild for the most powerful wizards. But instead, her ambitions land her in the clutches of a gang of unsavory pirates led by a devious magician. Her only hope is Natsu, a strange boy she happens to meet on her travels. Natsu’s not your typical hero – but he just might be Lucy’s best hope. (Taken/paraphrased from Mangafox.com)
That doesn't mean that Topps can create a card comparing Bryce Harper to Mickey Mantle.
Hugh B. Cave – Mission to Margal
This year is just flying by, don’tcha know!? I can’t believe summer is almost here. It seems like we just left winter behind. Of course, we are now beginning our monsoon season here in Florida. Today being no exception, it is trying to rain as I type this.
Available for purchase at any one of our three locations.
Oh ho ho. Good one, universe. You got me again.
“If servicers fail to follow our short sale, guidelines then their STAR rating could be affected.”
We've always counseled in the Church for our Mexican members to marry Mexicans, our Japanese members to marry Japanese, our Caucasians to marry Caucasians, our Polynesian members to marry Polynesians. The counsel has been wise. You may say again, "Well, I know of exceptions." I do, too, and they've been very successful marriages. I know some of them. You might even say, "I can show you local Church leaders or perhaps even general leaders who have married out of their race." I say, "Yes--exceptions." Then I would remind you of that Relief Society woman's near-scriptural statement, "We'd like to follow the rule first, and then we'll take care of the exceptions."
I begged the authorities to let me in Vain, but nothing I said would sway them.
It is a fairly safe bet more, rather than less, Afghan heroin will be transited through Ukraine heading West come 2014 and beyond, and I doubt there will be an adequate plan or resources within Ukraine to meet that challenge. This is something our UK SOCA man sat behind the ramparts of HM Embassy Kyiv will no doubt have on his future threat assessments.
10 Why Do Fools Fall in Love
These people, in the public eye, yes, but still, become taregts for hatred. They are hounded down, criticised for whatever they do.
Scientists from Woods Hole, as well as Stony Brook University in New York state and Tokyo University, measured a dozen different isotopes on and below the ocean surface, and collected plankton and fish for analysis.
Huling said that he was ambushed by a man who appeared to be an Afghan military policeman. She said she was led to believe that the man may have been a Taliban militant.
And thanks for stickin' around for this majorly long post! Happy St. Paddy's Day!!!!!
So here we are, snow survived, back to the grind, but with a rather beer related wedding to plan. I'll try not to bore you with too much wedding chat. I'll try.
Soul Typecast by The Jon Spencer Blues Explosion
Not only is Noah’s Ark the largest zoo in the south west of England, but it also allows big zoo animals to roam within large territories in more than 100 acres of pristine countryside. Noah’s Ark is famous for South West attractions as there are lions, tigers, giraffes and rhinos, massive indoor play areas and also tractor rides and a petting zoo.
She knew it was a lie and that her father knew that as well, but she hoped he wouldn’t ask any more awkward questions. In point of fact, she wanted to tell somebody what she was thinking at that moment: about how unfair it was that Angelika had so many nice things and, now of all times, she could add Ophelia to that collection – something that she desperately wanted herself. Worse still was that she was set to play Penelope at the end of year party. Correction: she wanted to tell everyone how unfair that was. But her dad wouldn’t have time for that kind of thing. It didn’t matter anyway because he couldn’t change anything anyway.
Gregory: aren’t Democrats mean and nasty?
This is a day to honor mothers. I salute the mothers everywhere and in every manifestation: the mom, the grandmother, the godmother, the mom-to-be, the auntie, the like-a-mom-to-me, the mom to the furry-kind-of-kid, the kind old soul with a motherly glance, the big sister who acts like a mom, and everything in between.
Ha! "the experts"....
So, and now you finally want to see at least one of the cute stamps, right? Here you go:
I would not hesitate to refer people looking for a reading to you ~ Paul P
When the water boiled she poured it in. The strong aroma of French Roast
And, so I wonder how many other things are working the way they are supposed to in my life, yet I'm fighting them. And, I wonder if I can wrap my head around the idea enough to live more and stress less.
arm
Oh, Lord, I need to know You
Before the movie began, one of the cast members, Kim (a remarkable Frank N. Furter), asked to have all the Rocky Horror virgins called out -- all who had not seen the movie in a theater were to raise their hands. I didn't count myself as a virgin; I had just seen the movie in that very theater the night before. I didn't even think I was being cheeky not raising my hand.
"TOTALLY ready to go back down."
Realizing the blood is coming out from the rips,
So why did we log that many miles on the road?
On Oct. 14, 1989, Staley and two friends went to a Steak and Ale restaurant in west Fort Worth and sat down to eat.
My Luxe Box included:
Among picture book writers I admire Mary Ann Hoberman, Doreen Cronin, Jane O’Connor, Kevin Henkes and Kathi Appelt among others. They make picture book writing seem easy and effortless while it truly is one of the most difficult things to do. I equate writing picture books to writing poetry.
“Tell ya what, someday there will be a chain of stores named in my honor. And they will have beer there. I will give you a bottle of Ale on Lees from 2007, 2008, 2009, and 2010.”
The conversation between the two writers is also striking for two more reasons. One, the interview that took place became an impetus for a new story to take place in the novel, for a shift in the direction of the war story that Cercas was trying to finish. The consequence is that the novel was actually finished and the privileged reader (privileged in the sense of being dragged to the adventure like the sidekick Sancho Panza) was privy to how the story reached its conclusion. The other thing to note here is how Bolaño's last statement above was, in fact, Cervantean.
(CROSSTALK)
Recently, I was talking to my rents, and they are thinking that they may want my car, but in replacement get me a similiar, newer car...I am all for this idea, or I was anyways. Lately I have been noticing alot of door dings on my car, I hit the car a couple of times (mostly my fault), and someone hit me. Last week, I was careless not paying attention and bumped into a car infront of me, in the DRIVE THRU. Luckily, the gentleman was so nice and understanding, there was no damage on his car, and well mine I haven't fixed it yet from the previous time. The other night, I was in a parking lot and once again a car was backing up and just touched my car, there was no damage just a couple of scratches. A car is a car, it is suppose to take you from point A to point B, but I have just been feeling that I am such a bad driver and do not deserve a newer car. It really got to me, and I have been meaning to express it because I take it personally. I started realizing, that its not my car, its not me (well sometimes) but it may in fact bethat I tend to drive alot. I am usually at the mall or a coffee shop where there are cars flying through. I want a newer car, but I am also ok with this car.
If you can force your heart and nerve and sinew
If you are interested, this piece is framed and available. Let me know and we'll talk $$ and logistics of getting it to you.
University.
To make things easier for him I making this picture my screensaver on the computer so he can see what's on my wish list from Sweet Little Birdy.
All photos by Stephen Rossi Photography, Norwalk, CT
No french toast?
Several years ago, I read an article in which authentic cave paintings were discovered that depicted women hunting alongside men. It shed light on our modern misconception of gender-based division into hunters and gatherers during pre-historic times.
The station was not as full as expected, but the train was and me and Myrte enjoyed the train to Amsterdam sitting on the stairs (the trains are double deckerd so they have stairs!). Some people got off at an earlier station whilst we got off at Centraal. A sea of orange awaited us, we got a map from a lady and walked towards Dam Square.
"Young lady you need a good spanking"
Book Resources
God loves you SO MUCH! that He, hurts when you hurt He, Bottles your tears when you cry… God has been by your side this whole time reaching out to you in hopes you would hear the knocking within your heart and even though this whole time God has been rejected by your actions He never Gave up on Loving you let alone He never stopped knocking within your Heart in hopes you will come to Him, and receive His True Divine Love, He has in store for you…
So, for the next while, I'll be helping care for my new friend. I'll try and make time during the week to visit and comment your b-logs. Thanks for being so patient and understanding, you guys are the best!
A comparison: Saul and David
Sierra Nevada Weizenbock
Aside from looking at pictures of Mrs. Vreeland, a classic belle laide with an extraordinarily powerful sense of style, my favorite thing about her is all the thoughts and pronouncements that tumbled so easily out of her ceaselessly active brain:
François Couture
Winter has arrived. Brrrr, it's friggin' FREEZING out there.
Deputy Joan Burton: ￼ ￼ You have a very low opinion of women based on your comments yesterday.
After this civil war Nzvere was troubled in his heart and he was unable to be comforted by anyone because many people were crying for their brothers who were killed. He became sick and died. Gutu, Kuvimadzama, Mutimumwe, Muzavazi, who had been too young to fight were his surviving sons.
The brochure is available for your perusal online, the exact same one that I received, although it loses a little of its heart-string pulling effect to see it on the screen instead of feeling that 100% Post Consumer Recycled beige paper in your guilty American 1% Elitist Oppressor lily white callous-free hands.
And started this war
"I didn't personally comment on a lot of the other boards because they were just personally offensive to me," said Susana. "But I did go over to a bunch of other boards to see what other people were saying, and they were violently defensive: I don't care what any of these Afghani women have to say. I'm looking at it this way because I know better, and I know that this is oppressive.' They really didn't even care what women of color had to say. Like women of color don't really understand that they're being oppressed. They took away any work women of color have been doing for years."
Top new products on the market from melt-proof makeup to must-have hair care products. These amazing items will keep you looking pretty and polished all summer long. Go to WhoWhatWear.com.
A children's charity worker from New Brighton appeared in court today facing a string of sex assault, child porn and violence allegations.
I kept questioning my sanity for reading this book as I turned more and more pages, eagerly following the zombie hero on his quest, followed by a literal rag-tag (and decomposing) team of misfit zombies who for reasons unknown also possessed a bit of consciousness. What a clever idea to narrate a zombie story from a zombie's point of view! And also gross. Because yes, this is about zombies, and nothing about their kind is pretty or cute. (Accept maybe the baby Isaac. Until he starts swimming in guts at feeding time.) I laughed out loud dozens of times. I also cringed as many times at the horrific milieu of the story. The author doesn't glorify her zombies, she presents them as they are: brain feeders.
Corruption and cronyism are endemic in Greece. But no politician or senior businessman had been convicted in recent years, fuelling popular frustration with mainstream parties that pledge to uphold the debt-laden country’s international bailout and remain in the euro zone.
In his letter, Acosta writes about his colleague, Norma Gonzales, and her experiences over the last few days. In addition to teaching literature at the high school level, Gonzales worked with elementary school teachers in TUSD, helping them bring Mexican American content into their teaching. She also did art projects with students at Wakefield Middle School.
* Jeremy Abbott
13. Bloodflowerz - Damaged Promises
It takes time, yes. But practice makes perfect. I have the calves of a horse, sure, but it goes to show how much effort I have put into dancing. I’m proud to be a step dancer. I wouldn’t have it any other way.
Wayne Morgan is a senior lecturer at the ANU College of Law. He (with others) instigated the teaching of law and sexuality courses at Melbourne University Law School and now teaches such a course at the ANU. He was a consultant to the Tasmanian Government in the drafting of the Tasmanian civil union legislation. He publishes in the areas of sexuality theory, anti-discrimination and relationship recognition.
This broad path supercedes particular courses for which students have willingly and/or unwillingly registered. As I tell my (required) Play Script Interpretation class on the first day of the term, “It doesn’t matter to me what subject I teach.”
“Zak!” Letting out a tearful laugh, Addison held her hand out to him as he walked towards her, “You saved me!”
She's nearly all stripped down to nothing and we'll be rebuilding her basically from scratch. Yeah. Wish us luck. LOL
Kiss my arse you surveillance generation,
The app is available for download from the iTunes Store, and until midnight Saturday, April 28, it’s available for just 99¢ in honor of Earth Week (regular price is USD $2.99). So be sure to grab your copy today for your i-device!
Opponents newcomers?
“The latter had gone out in the early morning mist to say his prayers when he met the fugitive hero. Owain rebuked the cleric for getting up too early.
I've made a start with this sketch of the 2000 Guineas winner Camelot just after his win on Saturday. My thanks goes to Michael Smithson for allowing me to use his photo.
One of the "hot" concepts in the academic psychology literature at the moment is a concept known as "Social Dominance Orientation" (SDO). This is said to be a newly discovered personality variable that predicts both conservatism and racism -- and generally shows conservatives to be a very bad lot.
boxer-babe
Despite that, I used a prologue in Light Bringer.
It's too craptastic to sell, but my goal was to become unafraid/unintimidated by the process. Goal reached! I have to say it's a huge PITA actually. Sawing takes forever. My hand got really tired trying to hold the piece down on the bench pin. My metal shears work well on this gauge metal, but I don't think I could use them on say 16 gauge. (I have a pair of straight shears, and a pair with a left curve that I thought I could use for cutting circles but I haven't tried it yet). Etching takes forever too but at least you can go do something else while it's cooking. I think if I had the right tools/materials it would turn out a lot better. I'm really looking forward to spending more money on that. I love that. Spending money. Because I have so much of it. Money everywhere. Just lying around in big fat piles. Big fat piles of money. You know how it is.
Sprouted Seeds
Thank you for stopping by today. I wish for you a blessed and beautiful day, and I encourage you to look around for the angel in your own life, and celebrate them today. Granny would love that!!!!
A man with murky motives and background (Steffan) worms his way into a gang of outlaws in search of information about one of their previous raids. Things become dangerously complicated when he discovers the outlaws are planning a raid on a local ranch owned by the one man who knows his true identity.
- 2 tbsp yoghurt
One Pakatan Rakyat State Assemblyman, Yew Tian Hoe, said Hee had sprayed him with pepper spray. It appears obvious she will need much more than pepper spray to defend her honour. Her name is destined to become a term of abuse, much as “Quisling” entered the English language to mean traitor, after the name of the despised Norwegian turncoat Vidkun Quisling. Hee’s name may yet find its way into common usage. Her name is likely to become synonymous with an expletive, because of the widespread tendency on the Internet, to combine her name with foul language.
- Colin Towns: claviers
When you are done, take a deep breath and return to your regular activities.
Creeps in
long laboured to destroy.
None of them have a quantity.
Kathryn C. Brown, SVP Public Policy Development and Corporate Responsibility, Verizon
* Need a different color? Buy an empty marker and mix up your own custom color. Get a very pale blue by mixing blue ink with blending solution.
The people responsible for this did not go away when Communism fell, the aim of overthrowing the West and replacing it with a soviet style utopia was no longer an option, but that did not change the aim of overthrowing the West. Indeed, as the years had past a new more anarchistic breed had joined the old Stalinist, for whom the destruction of the West was more important than any subsequent reconstruction.
Whatever the result of the Scottish Independence referendum it will affect Wales for better or worse. Whether it is for better or for worse will depend on how Welsh politicians prepare for the result and that preparation should be made now by nationalists and unionists alike.
Who rose from death, be glory given,
We spent the afternoon at the Dubai Autodrome because Paul’s boss Omran and his brother were racing and we thought it would be an interesting experience. Just driving out there was an experience in itself. It is far from the city and is surrounded by construction. We missed the turnoff due to vague signage. We had to go quite a ways to an enormous ROUNDABOUT (my favorite thing) and come back to a different turnoff. Then we wondered around driving generally toward the grandstand which we could see at that point. When we got to what looked like the entrance to the grandstand, it looked deserted except for a few cars parked out in the street and on the sidewalk. We found a parking lot, which was a significant walk away (through construction), so we decided to join the cars parked on the street right outside the entrance.
No-one has managed it yet.
(Note: if you go, stay through the end credits. There's a tag after the credits sequence, but there's a second tag at the very end of the credits. 90% of the audience I saw the movie with missed it, and it's a delightful cherry on top of this sundae of a movie. Just stick around, it's worth it.)
Where's the beer, or the airline, or the fast food joint, or the pick-up truck, or the cell phone, or the hotel chain, or the yogurt, or the sneakers, or the soda, or the car insurance, or the bank, or the...am I boring you?... that have been built with web-centric "lightweight interactions?"
I hated Peyton in 2030. She was semi stuck up and semi stupid. She was your average teenage girl with your average dickhead boyfriend. But don't get me wrong. Four years later, she becomes this strong, determined girl out to save the dying world. She's an awesome heroine and together with Chase, they're unstoppable. Most of the time. They have their ups and downs, and I loved almost every bit of it. It wasn't a perfect relationship, but trust me, you'll be rooting for them the entire way.
exact some mental
Well, my faithful followers, this is it. I have had it up to here and I am done. Not with blogging. With this provider, Blogger. It served me well until the last couple of months. They made some changes that baffled me. Seriously, why fix something that is not broke.
The move came about after Hernández's mother, Bianca González, appealed to Costa Rican legislators to intervene.
I colored her bag and shoes with E15 and E19. I colored the paper sack with the E11 I used on her skin.
Doctor: “You know, the guy with the glasses? Oh, Harry Potter.”
A group of ANC youth league supporters of Julius Malema sang the song “Shoot all the White People” at the university of Witwatersrand on Friday-evening, 14 October 2011.
5. Amaryllis-snowdrop-poinsettia...your favorite winter blossom?
For hours he'll be getting sand out from his butt.
LT: Well, I think that’s sad because that person is going to get coal in his stocking, and how fun is that?
I then folded the fabric over, right sides together, worked out where to sew the pouch together, ensuring I didn't sew up my tunnel, and trimmed the excess fabric:
Whatever identify of dismay method you determine to somebody installed in your plate ormerce, it is always well to workplace around before purchasing anything.
legacies created in one dance,
In 1985 there were 42,000 black students at 5 universities in South Africa, about the same amount at the universities of the homelands. But many foreigners have never even heard of the homelands.
Isn’t that preferable? I love this these invitations, the bold, graphic illustration, free of text cluttering up the image, and the lavender barbie logo on the pink grid background. I bought a couple of these, and I believe there are still more available, but if you want them, you’ll have to hurry before I go back and snatch them up! Can you imagine the awesome little girl parties that must have been thrown and been well attended thanks to these enticing invitations?
Be tenacious and write it in stone. Make it non negotiable. My son wants a video game system, he’s wanted it for several months. He has asked me, asked dad, asked Nana etc, he works lemonade stands and bugs me and bugs me. He will not give up, he really wants this, it’s his goal to get it and nothing will stop him. He has taught me some lessons on goals with out a doubt and he will be getting what he desires for his birthday.
"What is writing a letter to the agong, compared to deceiving the agong and the Conference of Rulers at the same time?" he asked.
A Florida company hired by the Pentagon to supply ammunition to Afghan soldiers sent the troops Chinese gun cartridges that were more than 40 years old, the U.S. military said in documents obtained by Reuters.
Barnouw suggests that true objectivity is a straw man; impossible when applied to a human-created art form. Each member of our species has developed a complex enough psychological and existential worldview that we approach every aspect of our life colored by conscious and unconscious biases. A decision to take an action, make a statement or ask a question will inevitably communicate these biases, intentionally or unintentionally.
hi again blogreaders,
Popular culture has a long history of stirring up concerns and triggering the response of attempted
I've largely given Eli a pass this season regarding his high number of interceptions based solely in my opinion that he'll do more to win me a game, than lose one. He's my guy and I'm a loyalist that way. But there's no escaping many of his high passes have resulted in tipped balls this season, which in turn resulted many times in an interception. Another select group of interceptions I have blamed Coach Gilbride and poor, unnecessary play selection, like that one against the Redskins in the end-zone.
trying to convince me to get back
The patent generally deals with an integrally formed combination of a motor device and a transmission device, having two power inputs (one being electrical) and a power output having a continuously variable speed of rotation over a large range. Claim 1 reads as follows:
The CS is Lavender Lace and the DP is from Basic Grey but I can't remember which pack I got it from (a sure sign you have TOO much paper!!!!) The flowers were made with my SU flower punches and the sentiment is also from an SU Mini Messages set. I have coloured it using chalks and Copics.
9. There is a very common misconception that Roman soldiers were paid in salt (hence the word Salary), but in fact they were paid in normal money. The connection with salt is possibly through the fact that the soldiers protected the salt roads leading to Rome (Via Salarium). Roman Soldiers were private employees - rather than state employees.
By the way, the gun costs RM9 and luckily Juan Or did not pester to buy this because if Mommy is to buy it, then it will be at Papa's agony since Papa has zero tolerance for noise.
Gourmet Quality Affordable Meals
Shaun Maddox (English Democrats) 566 (9%)
(Feeling a tug by the Holy Spirit to share my depth of faith)
Facebook or Twitter : Facebook
MORE CHOICES WHEN YOU FLY TO ASIA.
It was my brave mother in law who saved the day for us, and it was her on the phone.
She was allergic to the anesthesia she’d been given. She was left alone, asphyxiated and went into cardiac arrest. She had been suffocating for five minutes before anyone realized there was a problem. Our mother was brain dead.
Ginger, PatiJane, Sandra, and Ann drove up from Oklahoma... and stopped here on their way to Lenexa for the big hook~in. My SIL, Robin, was able to take the afternoon off work to be with us too. We met for lunch and then browsed the shops in downtown Emporia. There were lots of giggles, gifts, and smiles!
Democracy is incredibly powerful and exciting. It’s also nuanced and complex. It’s bizarre that some people think that there is only one correct way to make a decision when you’re at the voting booth. Honestly, we should all just be thrilled to death that people are giving their vote that much consideration. Thinking strategically and making a thoughtful, reasoned decision should be celebrated.
Having not be to the Brockley Jack for ages, we were back again on Thursday, this time en route to Justin Lee Collins at the Rivoli Ballroom. I still had no ale, though- I just can't bring myself to pay for a Greene King beer.
Praying, my soul to heal.
I have been doing a bit of sewing, but have been very relaxed and lazy.....really haven't gotten much accomplished. I started feeling like I had a lot of things piling up...time to take inventory!
Firstly, I have forgiven myself for not putting any posts up for the last 2 days – hope you didn’t miss me too much. ; )
I’m wriggling out of my oppressive comfort layer, and ripping off those grubby old band aids. I’ve been turning to food rather than to God and my loved ones when I need help. My addictions seem comfortable and safe, but they are certainly not ‘innocent’. They dull my senses, steal my health and rob me of the very best that life has to offer.
To stop Paul supporters, mainstream Republicans are playing dirty. For example, the Republican National Committee has warned that it may refuse to allow the entire delegation for Nevada to be seated at the national convention for fear that Ron Paul supporters have taken control of the state.
This battle is not over. In the meantime I’m going to behave like someone who doesn’t believe in miraculous healing and go get my insulin. Since I skipped a day already and my shot isn’t until bedtime, I’m not sure what I should do. Fellow diabetics, if you can hear me, could you just throw this struggling David a lifeline.
Skífan is the largest music store in Reykjavík. It carries every sort of music from both Icelandic and foreign musicians and bands. Large collection of country, classical, pop and rock music along with all sorts of other kind of music. The shop also sells PC and Playstation games and DVDs of all sorts.
melu103103@yahoo.com
which is always a hoot : )
I mean seriously, how is this movie THIS BORING? I can’t even describe how boring it is except to say that I couldn’t remember what happened in it right after I finished watching it. Hellraiser III is a miracle of bland characters, nonexistent story and phoned in directing so perfectly unmemorable that it will be like you never watched the movie at all, and isn't that the ONLY way to watch a movie? After all, that way it will seem BRAND NEW again when you watch it a second time, and brand new after that when you watch it a third time!
See the simper answer makes more sense right?
Bring your favorite brads or gems for interesting flower centers and if you have any fun material laying about your craft room, bring it along and transform it into a stunning embellishment. Also, be sure to add a small bottle of FabriTac to your class kit.
Show you where I begin, story threads
Definitely worth the $10 investment on a cute thing!
Toonman
I miss you when I’m scared that I’m not going to find anyone. I miss the woman who would say to me – of course you will find someone. You are special, and you will find someone who will love you in the way that you deserve. I miss the woman who really believed that a love that was strong enough to overcome almost everything was possible. That woman didn’t have hardly any role models to show her it was true, but she somehow believed she was going to be the exception. That he was going to be the exception – the man who wouldn’t let her down, no matter what.
“Bank Street Brewhouse would like to express our best wishes to Chef Joshua Lehman, who soon will be departing NABC to pursue new adventures on the Louisville culinary circuit. His last day is Sunday, April 3. We’ve been happy to play a part in his dream of becoming an executive chef by the age of 30. Good luck, Josh!
The anti-police agenda of the Macpherson Report is evident in the scandalous treatment of police officers, who, to Macpherson’s fury, resisted his attempts uncritically to accept that this was a racially-motivated crime. Questioned whether this was racially-motivated murder, Detective Sergeant Davidson made the following case:
Every tiny fear was put to rest as soon as I put the car in park in the driveway. E came bounding out of the house, looking exactly as I remembered and apparently not aging a day. We embraced, and all was right again. I went inside and gave big hugs to her brother, mother, and step-father, all of whom had big parts of my childhood and adolescence. It was as comfortable and as perfect as one could hope. E's husband had to work, unfortunately, but I can't wait to meet him.
I'm entering this card into the following challenges:
I put all of my big charts and activities in a laundry hamper. They usually fit perfectly in here and are pretty easy to find. I used to store them in a cabinet but I had a hard time finding what I needed. This is working well.
“It is stupid.”
Excellent article on how we are all being suckered into creating value for others -- and jumping at the chance to do so.
Yet such intriguing tension fell apart after Ava’s eldest brother, Kiwi, left Swamplandia! and defected to a rival theme park on the mainland.
One afternoon I stopped by the bank to make a few deposits. I was in a rush and needed to get in and out as soon as possible. I had places to go and things I had to do. I picked the worst possible time of day and the worst day of the week to do my banking. But I had been out of town and needed to catch up on errands before the weekend began.
His and Her Christmas ... LMN ... 6 PM
For some reason, I have a feeling that I will be married in the next four years.
Addison had run away as fast as her feet would carry her, taking off her heels so she could run faster. She shoved open the patio doors and took off outside, her haste catching the eyes of a few vampires sitting outside. They took off after her thinking she was a meal trying to escape.
In November the appeal was heard and denied and in January 2011 the adoption was granted. He filed two separate appeals which he obviously lost so he appealed to the Supreme Court of Arkansas who heard the case and ruled March 1, 2012.
The man is a winner, it has translated from college to the NFL. He is a leader and rises to the clutch occasion. He has his flaws just like anybody else and he’s only human. But to win games and lead a team left for dead to first place in the division and possibly hosting a playoff game, is an achievement for any player. This offseason, regardless of how this season results, he will go into next season as the starter. Perhaps he gains more trust in the staff and they throw more next season. The kid can run and has a loaded box stacked against him defensively, yet he is still doing what he’s doing. He is making throws when defenses expect him to throw, and long yardage situations and from behind. This guy will be a force to be reckoned with, and I mean passing the football. He’s winning with a one-dimensional approach, and you can see the incremental improvements weekly. Like I said in the past, he is starting a new trend and giving more players hope and creating opportunities to succeed at the NFL level.
Clockwise from L-R (my excited face just before leaving the house; the floating flowers and patches on Pergola; “ihaw-ihaw” food trip with co-hikers; the “self-sikap” French braids)
It's the same with scars we may carry on our heart. The Lord heals our heart, but it's true that we may carry some consequences from our past sins. We have our memories of who we were before Christ came into our lives, and some may be downright ugly. The Lord is so good to make our hearts new, but to leave these little reminders so that we can be grateful for how much He has changed our lives. And we can use our experiences of where we came from to help others.
2 strictly
The International/Green Zone was the primary target, although mortars landed in other nearby districts of downtown Baghdad (most probably because of poor targeting), while US military bases were also targeted with the tactic elsewhere in the central provinces.
So why the references to colour?
ND - I’m not going to speculate because I thin it would be wrong to do so. We have to deal with any application, any approach by Duff & Phelps to us saying we’ve now got a preferred bidder, here’s the bid, we’re putting in either a CVA and our involvement as the SPL is minimal or there’s, we’re going to pout in an application for a transfer of membership, in the case of the SFA, a transfer of share in the case of the SPL, we’d have to look at it. We’d have a duty to do the right thing by the league overall.
Running update: I am in week 5. On Monday, I ran three five minute runs, walking in between for three minutes or so. Actually, during one walking period, it was dark and a van drove up beside me on a deserted street and a creepy man got out so I just started sprinting up the block and cut my walk short.
About 6:30, after continued and desperate calling, we attracted the attention of the other lifeboats. Two of them finally realized the position we were in and drew toward us. Lightoller had found his whistle, and more because of it than our hoarse shouts, their attention was attracted.
-Household Tips
That these tortoises are the victims of a penal, or malignant, or perhaps a downright diabolical enchanter, seems in nothing more likely than in that strange infatuation of hopeless toil which so often possesses them. I have known them in their journeyings ram themselves heroically against rocks, and long abide there, nudging, wriggling, wedging, in order to displace them, and so hold on their inflexible path.
I'm still here. Just haven't had much Sharpie time.
He started seeing a naturopath.
Hugs and love to you all tonight. Sending a wish to all of you for peace, love and lots of smiles!
He studied me, a little surprised. “Really? You’re sure?”
I have no idea what the proper names are for all of these guys.
Dowd: Santorum will not maintain his stickiness
HENRY JAGLOM: Yep, I acted in a film he directed called, DRIVE, HE SAID. We made a deal prior, that we'd act in each others first movies. So by the time I got the opportunity to direct my first movie, A SAFE PLACE, Jack was the biggest star in the country. He was getting a million dollars a movie by this time. So I couldn't afford him, but we had a deal. So he did my first movie, for a color television that he really liked.
This went on for quite a few years. I left British Telecom (2001) and moved back to Wales for a short period, as My mother was Ill. Later that year my great friend Russ invited me to an interview for an Insurance sales role in Nottingham, England, and I got the Job. But still blinded by earning money and liking to party the cycle continued. Its strange how when you are in this cycle, you know its no good for you, You know your health is suffering as well as friendships, but you carry on. Please don't think these where all bad times, I met some brilliant people and have some very good memories.
Father: "Sigh"
So the next session, beloved Ramesh was challenged in a totally confrontational way.
My lower back is aching, I have insomnia, I have been having braxton hicks for weeks, and they are uncomfortable. I am already starting to get swollen ankles! Gah. It's hard to rest properly and it's hard to look after myself, what with school runs, entertaining a 4 yr old and the recent spate of illnesses here. Added to that I am trying to cram as much writing in as possible before the baby is born, and I've taken on a fairly big role at school... well, I'm starting to feel a bit overwhelmed.
My daughter is now a whistle-free zone.
A Little drum roll for the math, and assuming roughly 50:50 male/females, the typical family had about 55 kids. Incredible. Seemed like a lot of kids, even for Mormons. And yet, when I asked about this, I got two responses: 1) the Bible cannot be trusted because it has been translated so often by men; and 2) knock it off, why don’t you.
We’re built that way
Copics used:
Where to Purchase: Workman Publishing
And liberal comics won’t like it
I often need to convince people that including a snapper Flasher Rig to a traditional spread can often produce the best results. Mustad has developed a range of paternoster style Flasher Rigs that has proven deadly on snapper for a number of years. These rigs are often called large sabikis and promoted as multi-hook lures that work in the absence of natural bait. Mustad promotes them as enhanced natural bait fishing systems. They are designed to be used with natural bait (a strip of fish or squid is ideal) with the flasher material acting as an extra attractor.
onion- sautéed with PAM and put aside
I still understand the games, appreciate them, enjoy seeing the advertisements, watching the ratings, and have a little fun taunting with my friends though. I love seeing our home team challenge the system, the United States take some gold and silver medals, and seeing the world unite over the Olympic Games.
During reapplication the product layered smoothly with no chalky build up.
Perhaps the best part though? It dries really fast. You would never expect anything that feels this creamy and smooth to dry fast but it does. I had to wait maybe 5 minutes before dressing.
First of all, I apologize for being a bad blogger friend and not doing a post for Friday :(
Sir Lord Baltimore- Hell Hound (Kingdom Come LP- 1970)
We understood that wisdom came with experience, maturity and age. Knowledge was the purview of the educated, the wealthy and the gainfully employed, not feckless pinheads with an over-inflated sense of self-worth and Wikipedia book marked on their laptops.
Jimi records a Clive Davis produced blues standards record with special guests Robert Cray, Buddy Guy, BB King, and Stevie Ray Vaughn. The album, Vintage Rider, reaches #17 on the charts and is considered by many critics and fans alike to be a return to Hendrix’s original blues roots. David Fricke calls it, “Hendrix’s best work since Live Onyx.”
But seriously: I know how I like to shop for beauty products, which is to say that I like to try before I buy. I’m a tester, and I like to know I’ll love something before I commit to buying the full size.
Worship is a vital way for us to corporately discern God’s direction as a local church. As we worship, we draw closer to God, we experience God together, and as a result the Spirit begins to move in our midst as He is doing right now in this hour of worship.
They realise that
Yeah. Probably best not to tell my mom about this one. She’ll think I’m totally off my rocks. Which I might be. But this amuses me.
Under the cover of darkness, my husband and I took our legless couch and made the switch! We were so pleased with ourselves as we brought our new find home. We placed the couch next to our card table and two metal chairs we called the dining table.
Natasha
For this portion of the midterm, you have about 45 minutes. You need to read and respond to five four-point questions about the current state of journalism, social media and journalism education. In each answer, you should find something online – an example, a tweet, an essay, a college newspaper, etc. – that supports your answer and include the URL of that support within your answer.
Dark Amber-brown in color. Well carbonated that falls quick in glass.
“Brooklyn has been experiencing a renaissance,” Markowitz said, pronouncing one of the magic words on the “Brooklyn Day” rally poster. “As the economy slows, projects like Atlantic Yards are more important than ever.” Arguably, in a faster economy, project supporters could call AY more important than ever, given that they believe it will fight gentrification.
Julie Cadieux
Our apartment was not clean and organized yesterday. But then I kind of attacked it with a sponge and a sink full of water. That’s how I spent my night, and I feel a lot better and really refreshed. (And I only feel slightly lame that I am 22, and this is the second post in a week about cleaning.)
here is a little inspiration from me:
Starting in the early days of the Cold War (late 40′s), the CIA began a secret project called Operation Mockingbird, with the intent of buying influence behind the scenes at major media outlets and putting reporters on the CIA payroll, which has proven to be a stunning ongoing success. The CIA effort to recruit American news organizations and journalists to become spies and disseminators of propaganda, was headed up by Frank Wisner, Allen Dulles, Richard Helms, and Philip Graham (publisher of The Washington Post). Wisner had taken Graham under his wing to direct the program code-named Operation Mockingbird and both have presumably committed suicide.
Lately I've been seriously getting into Highlife tunes from Benin City (no relations to Benin the country). Benin City is the capital of Edo state in Southern Nigeria and birthplace of Sir Victor Uwaifo. I hope you will enjoy this music as much as I do. All these songs are really long, I only managed to fit seven of them into this mix that runs well over 1 hour... I don't like to cut tracks short. To me the length of these tracks matches the trance inducing nature of the music.
Misinformation
I woke up late on Saturday morning and ventured out into the kitchen to grab something to eat. I was crashing at friend's place--the night before, I had stayed out late, partying with some friends. My friend was babysitting another friend's kids. I greeted them and made myself a toast and egg sandwich, listening to the kids talk excitedly about their finds from an early garage sale they went to this morning with my friend. The kids were showing off the clothes and shoes they had gotten a good deal on. The stuff was in pretty good condition. I couldn't help but smile at their eagerness and excitement, knowing that they made some great deals that morning, and I, too, was hoping to score some great merchandise later in the day when my friend and I would go shopping. I thought it was very nice of my friend to take the kids out to do some garage sale shopping, buying them stuff.
Unfortunately, their tendency has been NOT to surrender, and we cannot expect they will. Additional destruction may be required. There is evidence suggesting they are still planning further moves, as I will discuss.
The random access memory storage space for the normal hardware settings would bе 1 gigabyte оf space. The ultra settings wоuld be double thе normal hardware settings аnd be two gigabytes.To process thе data quickly enоugh fоr the normal gaming experience the Central Processing Unit speed would be at the minimum one thousand, ѕix hundred megahertz. For thе ultra settings it ѕhоuld be abоve one thousand еight hundred megahertz.
Let your heart become the Temple of Gold. Please join us for a bountiful, beautiful and blissful heart-felt Kundalini Yoga and Meditation evening. This incredible class will be dedicated to the Infinite Power of the heart. Yummy treats will be served after class.
I allude to the latter two for the purpose to show you that not all mountains are solid rock and covered in glaciers. Most mountains in the world are eroded and covered in rich forests. Imagine the Rockies now and try to traverse through the valleys. It’d be difficult on foot, right? Now imagine them in a few million years after the peaks have crumbled. Where might those peaks go but down? After so long those rocks which sat so high above the world now dwell among the shadows broken and shattered. Again, look at the Appalachians with their blunt peaks and rampant forests. Where might the dirt have come from for those trees to grow if not from the very rocks and minerals crumbling?
The family get together with my husbands family is looming. I hate these. Every year I screw them up. The thing is I am not a gifter.
It wasn't hard to spot what had earned his attention. The grass was bent flat in clumps, green stems silvered by moisture, reflecting daylight made grey by the cloud cover. Footprints, spaced wide. It could just have been the Wilder, long-legged and striding as it arrived for the rescue. But why not arrive by Gate? Or, if the trail was left by someone leaving, why not leave by Gate as well? Rel would have been able to tell.
hot summer days...
But are enough of us properly armed and motivated for a true combat of ideas?
On this hodge podge day …I know that Love is probably really the answer…no matter what the question is…
My mission has always been to have my creations in as many homes as possible, each one has a story behind it, so when I look down from Heaven I can continue watching the story.
By all accounts London has really got it going on at the moment. But I wasn't there in 2011 so can't comment. My award goes to Prague for its ale revolution sitting atop a well-deserved reputation for kick-ass lagers. Well worth a weekend if you're anywhere in the vicinity.
First comes love, then comes marriage….but in between there is usually a proposal in the mix. Nic knew that Erica loved Hawaii and often mentioned she would love one of those fruity coconut drinks. So Nic was scheduled to be in Honolulu and arranged to fly Erica out to join him. Before she got there, Nic had been to a Luau and met a local artist that hand painted coconuts. He arranged to have one painted with “Will you marry me?” on the shell so when Erica ordered her coconut drink, it would be one with a special message. The plan was in place, including dinner on the beach and friends in the bushes with cameras ready to catch the moment.
I agreed with the first point. I have flat arches. Period. No amount of running & walking & Crossfitting in my Vibrams or Nike Frees are going to change that – believe me, I’ve TRIED and TRIED and TRIED. It’s just not in my anatomy. Without arch support, my foot caves inward & sets of a whole chain of badness from my arch all the way up to my hips. It’s not worth it, especially when all I have to do is plunk down $40-something for a pair of green Superfeet insoles.
The breaststroke is a swimming style in which the swimmer is on his or her chest and the torso does not rotate. It is the most popular recreational style due to its stability and the ability to keep the head out of the water a large portion of the time. In most swimming classes, beginners learn either the breaststroke or the front crawl first. Since the breaststroke can be swum with the eyes almost always above water, it is important in lifesaving, as it allows the rescuer to approach the victim without losing sight of them. However, in competitive swimming, the breaststroke is regarded as one of the most difficult strokes, requiring comparable endurance and leg strength to other strokes. The stroke itself is the slowest of any competitive strokes and thought to be the oldest of all swimming strokes.
Alcloxa – See Allantoin.
There is one breed of men that am trying to have a huge grudge on and its with bitter regret that I am calling them men.
Capitalism and capital letters: the politics of typographic case
I haven't listened to it in a while, I should listen to it again. We listened to it a lot. A lot. That was when you had three or four records and you just played it all the time, because there wasn't the volume of stuff that there is now.
Four of the most successful performers in gospel music history, Kirk Franklin, Marvin Sapp, Donnie McClurkin and Israel Houghton, announce today that they will share the same stage for the very first time when they embark on The King's Men concert tour this fall. The historic U.S. tour will hit major venues in 15 U.S. cities beginning on Sunday, September 16th at Comerica Theatre in Phoenix, AZ, and culminating in Brooklyn, NY at Barclays Center on Sunday, October 14th.
Thanks for joining us today! We hope you'll join us again tomorrow for more!!!
Justice Scalia shamelessly descended into the political arena of a Senate vote count. “You can’t repeal the rest of the Act because you’re not going to get 60 votes in the Senate to repeal the rest.” Justice Stephen Breyer said firmly: “I would stay out of politics. That’s for Congress, not us.” The NYT concluded, “A split court striking down the Act will be declaring itself virtually unfettered by the law. And if that happens along party lines, with five Republican-appointed justices supporting the challenge led by 26 Republican governors, the Court will mark itself as driven by politics.”
The text translation can be found here, which might be helpful to review before the performance if you are unfamiliar with the work.
But neither did missing out on KDP Select entirely, so I decided to enroll Seven Exes Are Eight Too Many (hereafter called Seven) in the program because it's my only pure stand-alone book. All the others are set in Toronto and feature returning places and people, so removing one of those from the other retailers didn't make sense to me. I felt this would be my best way of testing the program without unduly inconveniencing my readers.
“I found myself getting pretty pessimistic,” he said. “When you see how badly people can treat one another, you ask yourself: ‘What is it all for? What does it all mean?’ The moment you hold your child in your hands for the first time, all those questions are answered. There’s a new sense of hope and rebirth, and also a true understanding of your parents for the first time. You get to know all the fears — and all the love — that a parent has.”
Of course ours:
The little woman sat down at her side. "So, you are sad," she said and nodded with understanding. "Tell me what bothers you."
p.s. If you work in more than one medium, you can send separate submissions for each. For example, if you’re a Bitch who paints AND sews, send one or two photos for your paintings and one or two photos for your sewing.
Softening the Inhalation
went to Coton at 6 this morning sold 2 fat cows of Mr Hakes to Mr Jno. Cross at £ 44 ~ 0s ~ 0d
I so get you.
Just a quick note before the series begins on the 14th ...
They were BigBoy and Spunky
He called a police officer and said:
Suddenly the sky clouded above his head and in a booming voice the Lord said, "Because you have TRIED to be faithful to me in all ways, I will grant you one wish".
I love Chinese food.
“No signal. Can't you see, the world is fucked.” Judd gave up on her and started looking around the rubble for a steel bar or something close. He found a length of cable and tied it around a jagged piece of the slab and jerked it off with a crash. Sally suddenly awoke.
Well, it did make me feel a bit better to think of her with that sexy long dress tucked into her knickers, peddling furiously home along the main road…cos that’s exactly the sort of thing that I would do….
"I am NOT judging. I'm making fun of them." - Kay
I didn't think I was going to post anything today: I didn't know anyone who died on that day 10 years ago, I was not in harm's way (though I feared such) living just outside of Atlanta. What right do I have to write about September 11th?
Tonight is the night to regroup, plan and get back on track.
2 cups nonfat half-and-half (use normal half-and-half if you prefer, but you won’t believe how delicious this is with the nonfat variety!)
It's beautifully packaged and knowingly annotated (unlike the Exile re-issue which gets the words to Tumblin' Dice wrong among other minor but irritable errors), tons of ultra rare photos and ephemera, but it's the music what counts and with this baby I think I can throw away a good dozen or so earlier bootlegs since this comprehensive set not only beats what's been out there over the years for sound quality, I'm fairly actually astounded at how much excellent material is here that I didn't have. Being something of a completest (read: brain damaged) on the subject of vintage Rolling Stones (my cut-off point is '73 except for that great '81 session where Keith does his best Jimmy Reed impersonations which I posted last January) and the Keith produced rasta gospel group The Wingless Angels whose 1997 album was the best record Keith had been involved in since Exile. I have no idea where you can buy something like the Genuine Black Box, so don' ask me. And I have no idea how much it costs, but it can't be much more than the $145.00 I spent on my (count 'em) tenth copy of Exile. And you get a lot more for your money, both in music and packaging. Since the Scorpio folks were nice enough to send me a review copy and I assume they have to eat and pay off roadies, sound men and tape vault custodians, I'm not going to give away all six CD's for free (I haven't seen it on the web yet, don't mistake it for the Black Box triple CD that's all over the place these days, but if you check Captain Crawl every day for the next few months it's bound to show up). But I can tell you what's there, and since the Stones (and/or Abkco) seem to have no interest it making this stuff available legally, I'm not going to feel to guilty about it either.
Lenny was Born 11 years ago.
Sadly it was deemed "to difficult" by our group but I think it could have been relatively easy to execute, using the university hallways for the "unfamiliar place" and having the "unseen monster" simply be me holding the camera moving in a monstrous fashion, sure it might have been a little dark but that how I like it :).
Face done, the night time routine enters the phase I shall call the ‘Probably Shouldn’t Make This Public But I’m Going To Anyway’ phase. It’s the part that keeps the sexual chemistry between Paul and I neatly ticking over, and the part that reminds him just how lucky he is to have me…
After being up to my eyeballs in work for the past few weeks, I’ve barely had time to sit down and think about writing. Though I always knew there was one specific person I had to talk about eventually.
So exactly what do you Value in life? I am not talking about things that you like, would like to have, or think are nice. I am talking about feelings you have in the pit of your stomach. Right and wrong, evil and good, kindness and despicable actions. Most people don’t really give their Core Values much thought…..if any thought at all.
The discussion above deals with the primacy of the Bible and also J. F. Cowan’s remarks about that. Then too, in his chapter entitled “More Prayer in the Prayer Meeting,” Cowan held forth equally simple principles as to prayer. He wrote:
PHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIILLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!THIS IS ME SHOUTING FROM THE ROOFTOP HOW AMAZING YOUR BOOK IS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I am so blown away. I feel compelled to buy it for everyone I know.
Currently chowing down on blueberries...
Friday Follow has been such a great experience for me. I have found new blogs to follow and have learned quite a bit in the process. Thank you Lynn, Tami, and Rita for hosting this event.
At one point I had done all of the color and sketch challenges over on Splitcoast, and now I'm like way far behind so I'm trying to go back and do the older challenges I missed. That's all well and good, but sometimes I feel like doing that is kind of hampering me a bit...like I'm trying too hard to make my stuff fit in the challenges and then I don't like it as well. Like this card.
in the grey room
Recipe called for a little bacon in there. I put chorizo. "You say potato...I say PATATO. You say bacon I say CHORIZO. Potato, PATATO. Bacon, CHORIZO. Lets call the whole thing off". Sorry. I don't know what is wrong with me today. Oh be quiet. I am NOT like this everyday. Dr. Food don't you DARE say anything. Crack an egg into the damn potato.
My money would be on the environmentalists personally because they're used to protesting and using violence to try and get their whereas BRAKE members are just whiny wusses that would complain if they wanted to build a new street light over 20 miles from their home.
The Church does not approve of any form of artificial birth control. It would seem, however, that in your having four babies within five years of your marriage, you are submitting your body to an almost superhuman test, especially with your threatened affliction of arthritis. The proper spacing of your babies is your responsibility. The mother’s health should be one of the first consideration. Certainly it will be to the blessing of your little ones–those with whom you are now blessed and others yet to come–if you will keep well and strong so that you can give them proper care. (David O. McKay)
Were the Occupy protests about entitlement or were they about injustice? Are the student protests in Montreal about entitlement or are they about stopping the growing class divisions? How we interpret the motives of people alters the power an event has to influence public opinion and public response.
If you need passport piccies taken for whatever reason (I needed a travel pass) I have some tips:
The event had started and ended in Butlins, Minehead. After putting on some dry clothes we sat at a cafe to refuel and silently surveyed the hideous nightmare of a Butlins weekend in full flow. Suddenly my puncture experience didn’t seem quite so bad!
Best UK Draught (Cask or Keg) Beer
the night
What follows is an admittedly stylish fight scene, with both using a variety of voids to fight. It’s pretty cool.
and am working on a paper now which examines the many facets of Franklin ave and the surrounding community. I will be sharing it with my professor and anyone else interested, but am not seeking any sort of publication and will respect the confidentiality of people who share their thoughts. If people would like to talk individually, I am open to
Maybe you sit and read a book. Maybe you stare out the window or balcony and listen to your favorite musician. Maybe you learn how to whistle…meditate…stretch…lounge…or (gasp!) nap. What can you do today to begin doing nothing?
London Standard - Wednesday 07 December 1898, page 9.That's a lot of whisky. The increase in stocks - 32 million gallons - is 888,889 beer barrels. To put that into context, in 1898 2,055,000 (source: “A History of the Brewing Industry in Scotland” by Ian Donnachie, 1998, pages 147-148) barrels of beer were brewed in Scotland.
This is a beer dating back to 1989, the early days of the craft brewing renaissance. At its release, people marveled: the heft and sweetness of the body, the amazing sprightliness of the hopping. For people trained to think Henry's Private Reserve was "good beer," FS Amber was off the charts. Yet over the years, as people's experience with good beery expanded, they began to think of the beer as a starter beer, almost a throwaway. Jamie Emmerson once told me that people accused the brewery of changing the recipe. In their memory, Amber was this intense, rich beer--surely Full Sail had slowly watered it down. Of course they hadn't. Whatever adjustments the brewery has made were to accommodate the annual variability in hops and barley so that the beer was always the same.
Two boneless Salmon portions
The list goes on though. Since he turned twelve back in the fall, K-boy has: put a stainless steel teakettle in the microwave, performed jumping-jacks in the living room with a bottle of A-1 sauce in his hands (with the expected results), and somehow overnight he's become obsessed with personal grooming...yet he still leaves his dirty socks on the floor. None of his mishaps were intentional, they were just side effects of his emerging teen brain.
And the pigs and the goats
Healthy Hair Food No. 9: Low-Fat Dairy Products
Life is really comfortable for Parker…sure there’s no man turning on “Lady Land” but a girl can be happy with a beautiful child and full life.
The first half of the semester will be 2/3 inverted and 1/3 IBL. We will be able to get through the entire textbook in this half, although the understand will not be as deep as I would like.
The unique thing about different authors is their take on how they use language to communicate their stories to their readers. This relates directly to that unique sense of voice and style, but the way in which a writer expresses him or herself is vitally important – the use of language is perhaps the most exclusive aspect of a writer.
Assistant Commissioner of Police
o Greece’s population is roughly equal to the population of Ohio.
These days it’s all about trying to find that perfect piece for the front window display or the perfect antique cabinet or table to fit in a certain spot in the store. I find that I don’t make rash decisions these days about pieces of furniture. Instead I sit and wait patiently for the perfect piece to come along.
Somewhere in between together
Clean the bilge.Way down there is some pretty nasty gook that I don’t want to run through the el. bilge pump. I read somewhere that diapers
or ‘thing of my blood‘
Sign up for a iPhone on O2 and you'll have 18 months of bad luck.
Interest Step: The answer to that question is found in the Scriptures. The Bible advocates repentance for our sinful and apostate condition. We often criticize Israel for its foolish continuous rejection of God, but sometimes we are not much better. Perhaps just as Israel often found itself in a position of needing to ask for repentance, we should consider that we might be in a much better place if we were willing to so humble ourselves.
PENN STATE
Put another way, relative to the bottom 50%, the top 1% currently pays over 14 times as much in income taxes for each dollar earned. The president’s solution to this glaring inequity: raise taxes on the top. I may not be a mathematician, but I’m pretty sure that would make the tax inequality gap bigger, not smaller.
June.
Now let me counter some obvious and addle brain responses I expect to get because I’ve reminded people that there is an excellent attack on all the BS philosophers so beloved by the Ivory Tower…
Keith, kneeling in front of the girls, seemed taken aback. He glanced up in confusion at Mommy, just missing Sarah’s pleading look. “No I’m…really Pamela, don’t go to any trouble over me.”
24 - Why do psychics have to ask you for your name?
Anyway, long story short, don’t read Cracked. It’s pretty awful and apparently some guy wrote a thing awhile back telling us ladies that misogyny wasn’t so bad because skyscrapers. No, really.
Drag: So tell me, how many Banana Men are there out there? Are there lots of you guys fighting crime.
The first beer we tried was the blackberry, which was surprisingly astringent and dry. Turns out it was a bad year for blackberries, and they had substantially less sugar than usual. I would describe the beer as aggressively sour, with very little sweetness. I suspect it will age nicely and the acidity will become more sherry-like, but for now, only the hearty sour-lovers need apply (I, of course, enjoyed it a great deal).
Cir-Kis
This intriguing melange is a description of Alma Negra (which translates as "black soul"), a wine project of Ernesto Catena, the son of the renowned Nicolás Catena Zapata. While I visited Argentina, I got to meet Ernesto and tour the lands and winery of Alma Negra, all of which were compelling for a variety of reasons. Ernesto straddles the line between science and art, having a computer science degree from Tufts University in Massachusetts (giving him a local connection) as well as a design degree from the Domus Academy in Milan. Yet it is his passion for beauty, his affinity for Japanese aesthetics, which seems to be his most significant motivation.
He is easily silence by the judgments of others; he listens with an immobile face as they venerate, admire, love, and transfigure where he has seen—or he even conceals his silence by expressly agreeing with some foreground opinion.[6]
I’ve never traveled to a race, so I’m bound to make some big decisions. Hopefully, it will not be forgetting my shoes. Everything else, I think I could just about cope with.
Although in me each part will be forgotten.
The age-old adage “Never judge a book by its cover” is a great sentiment when it comes to accepting and understanding people but when it comes to actual books unfortunately it matters. For example, if I am looking for a paranormal romance book and your cover doesn’t scream it at me, I will not pick up the book.
99. “Your assumptions are your windows on the world. Scrub them off every once in a while, or the light won’t come in.” – Isaac Asimov
The ministry was responding to queries from The Straits Times after an article published in Fortune Magazine’s Aug 15 issue, said Singapore was the eighth most indebted country in the world. Fortune said Singapore had debts of US$254 billion (S$307 billion), equivalent to 95 per cent of its gross domestic product (GDP).
As a proud Beach resident, I am always reminding people of the unexplored joys of The Beach. While my neighborhood is technically called the Outer Sunset, I think that the neighborhood is so dominated by The Beach that its entire identity is eclipsed by it. With the hills jutting up from the Beach, almost every household has a view of the Pacific. You need to get over a dozen blocks away from The Beach to avoid getting sand blown into your house. The onshore winds likewise blow the sound of the pounding surf up the hills into open windows. The Beach is everywhere, and amidst the cool cafes, parks, and cultural vibes, it’s the best and most definitive part of the area.
~ Anna Denise
22. He goes to same school with Sehun, Sulli f (x), Suzy Miss A, and several other artists.
I will say it many times, it is ALWAYS best to settle and filter your water first. Pathogens can hide in and on suspended particles and be shielded from the disinfectant. It is like a little bacteria bunker, and they are waiting till the coast is clear to emerge again. Except this time it will be inside you. Another reason to filter first is that the dirtier the water the higher the disinfectant demand and more disinfectant will be needed to do the same thing. This will be very important for two reasons. First, your supplies will be depleted significantly sooner. I have seen the disinfectant demand go up over seven times normal levels when there is a small increase in turbidity (cloudiness due to suspended particles). The disinfectant demand is one of the critical monitoring points at my water treatment plant (and most others) not just because the water needs to be disinfected before it can be delivered to the customer, but it lets me know that something is not working properly in my facility.
Tonight when it was time for books (after bath) you sweetly called out 'Dada', and when you were finished you called out 'Mama'. Then you reached over to Dada and said 'bye bye' and started waving. Such a smart lady :)
Exterminate pests. Not only are pests kind of creepy and unwelcome in our homes, they can also leave behind an allergy triggering residue. These residues can be removed by thoroughly vacuuming your carpets and washing hard surfaces. Infestation problems can be controlled with inexpensive traps, home bug sprays, or calling an exterminator for severe cases.
This week’s gone by so fast. It’s like I’m still thinking it’s Monday but in fact it’s Friday. Today I know is gonna be a good day. No umbrella. No warm jackets. Just the wind blowing gently through the city.
Inner Sole
Speaking from the St George’s Hospital late last night, Dawie Grundlingh, 43, the owner of several businesses in the Swartkops area including the Swartkops Yacht Club, was still traumatised by the incident.
Mix together in baking dish
Anyways, at my work there is this great quote posted--it's on this motivational-type poster, and sometimes I think they are kind of cheesy, but this one really gets me every time:
This is not a recovery.
Since my photography blog is going to be hosted on my site in time, I'm keeping this separate, but I am changing the link.
The packaging actually feels fabulously luxurious. It’s a cold metal tube with a lot of weight to it. The traditional bristle wand is just about the perfect size too. It’s not so small as to be fiddly but it’s not so big that I end up blobbing mascara everywhere.
It would be great to have as many members as we can attend the show and
From both of Dream’s cheeks.
Spiitin fire to bring him fame
9) Sewing Machine Operator
I was wondering why on earth I would have this song in my head. Then it occurred to me that I need to hurry slowly. As with any relationship, slow is they key if you want to build a solid relationship on a good foundation. Once the solid foundation is made, no storms can tear your relationship apart.
I’ll pick a winner this Saturday, unless I receive a lame amount of entries like last time.
My other 2 (older) sisters were taken by my mom's parents whom the mother was an alcoholic and I later on learned that her real father had died and had been an artist who would hit my mother with empty beer bottles as a child. Again, those are bits and pieces of stories from different parts of my family members at different times of my life.
I've hit a stalemate with some of my sought assistance. I don't believe that there is as much help for me as I initially believed. I am thankful for what is there, but the system was not designed for people like me. I don't even know anyone else like me, so how would they know to prepare for me?
O you up there! O pennant! where you undulate like a snake hissing so
They mosey around for a while exchanging some nonsensical dialogue and the scenes are transitioned horribly through schizophrenic drug induced hallucinations that look like stuff you’d see in a 1995 computer game. The whole thing is just too cluttered and claustrophobic, with short scenes broken up by tons of bright, flashy colors enough to give small Japanese children seizures. How am I supposed to be invested in this? It’s practically the cinematic equivalent of a hyperactive little girl on too much sugar!
The website for the charity doesn’t actually give travel directions – probably to ensure the safety of the dogs - so I had to rely on a map and a rough idea of where it was. So, the closer I got the more worried I was that I had missed it altogether when I suddenly saw a road sign that said “Hearing Dogs” – aha!!
The first game is an Atlantic Division clash between the New York Knicks and the Boston Celtics. The Knicks are primed for their first full season with Carmelo Anthony and Amare Stoudemire leading the troops. The team also added NBA Champion, center Tyson Chandler to aid what has become known as an anemic defensive unit. The Knicks are certainly not a deep squad but any team with two perennial All-Stars should certainly be able to compete.
1: Recall
Simon points to the powerful meat lobby and its stranglehold on our collective food conscience. She argues: “One way to distract attention away from heart attacks and colon cancer is to conflate the idea of meat with a nutrient that we do in fact need: protein.”
I realize now as I’m writing this post, that this particular recipe reminds me of Stratford more than I thought. It’s different, packed with smoky flavor, and would be the perfect, post-show late night snack. Not to mention, it’s gluten-free for those who prefer that kind of dish.
The CE Sector Board is AEM’s Board-level group focused on the construction sector: it determines/recommends strategic direction and develops/directs programs, services and activities.
We've used tubes of paint, putting they colors in little round palettes, but it can mold if you have any dampness.
Larry B. Seabrook
Start by removing all clutter. Toss, recycle or donate the items that are broken, not being used or don’t hold any sentimental value. Perhaps all those dried up pens and broken pencils? How about donating that extra calculator to a local school? When is the last time you read or referenced that book? Purging will help fight exhausting visual clutter in your office and is an easy exercise to perform monthly or quarterly.
A man will tell you
1 tsp. cardamom
they are precious - as are mama and mimi.
Here is one of the many ways I like to store them away. It is good on so many things, served with cream cheese as a spread, on roasted corn, grilled meats, mixed with BBQ sauce for a glaze, goes great with bacon & cheese on sandwiches, pairs really well with smoked salmon not to mention pork, veal and lamb . . . it is just a great all-purpose relish. How do you like to serve yours? Let me know and let me know how you like my version... Enjoy!
P.S.S.S….. Be sure to subscribe to my blog and never miss a post! Enter your email address and then check your email to confirm subscription.
2 tsp bourbon
This was a very traditional cassoulet, and absolutely delicious. As fun as this can be to make at home, it just isn't worth the time when I can come here and have this for under $25. This was a white bean stew base, with great tomato flavors. It was then topped with some braised pork belly, duck leg confit, and a delicious pork sausage. The flavors and seasoning here were right on, and this was a winner! I would definitely order this again for all of the different elements, and that says a lot considering I am not a big white bean fan.
But either way, watch the video below.
We ventured to the very back of the lot where we found people selling their wares and for much more economical prices than in the main buildings so needless to say I scored a few great deals for my redecorating project that was in the front of mind as I shopped.
“Look at the mutual fund business 25 years ago,” Thomes said. “It was just coming onto the scene and, when it became mainstream, the regulatory scrutiny around it and the oversight became all that more. Fixed indexed annuities are still just a $30 billion to $32 billion market, which is not small— but it pales in comparison to the variable annuity market. If this continues to grow and becomes more mainstream, the regulatory scrutiny is only going to go up, especially because you’re dealing with the senior population.”
More broadly, I also feel that having just one month-long Me-Made/Self-Stitched challenge in a year will be to the benefit of the challenge itself. It will be more special and I think it will therefore be more fun to be part of. Lots of people in the past have left comments and emails to the effect of 'I'll take part next time', or 'I'll see how much I have to wear for the next one'. That makes it sound a little like a regular bus service that you might get round to using someday! Lots of regular MM/SS challenges could become blog-land background noise, if they haven't already. Not that that really matters. But I think it'll be more exciting for those of us who are interested in taking part if it is more of an event, plus less annoying for those who take no interest in the challenges (whoever the hell they are!!) if they only have to screen their blogroll for one month only!
The Brooklyn Eagle has learned that the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum is bringing a temporary exhibit to the former home of Sid’s Hardware at 345 Jay St., also known as 1 MetroTech, in Downtown Brooklyn.
Although Sunnis initially tolerated the growing clout of the Alawite community, resentment resurfaced when Hafez al-Assad, an Alawite and the father of the current president, seized power in 1970. When he proposed a new constitution three years later that mandated a secular state and allowed the presidency to be awarded to a non-Muslim, Sunnis protested across the country. In early 1976, with religious tensions flaring, the Syrian Muslim Brotherhood launched its uprising against what it called the “heretic” Alawite regime. The Alawites, harboring their long-standing fear of rejection and persecution by the Sunni community, rallied around Assad. The two sides hardened for battle, and over the next six years Assad relied on his sect to beat back the Brotherhood revolt.
I originally wrote this about 2 years ago, within the first week that I started blogging, but nobody read a word I wrote back then, except for my husband, my mother, and 2 friends. How about a little exposure, right??
Ashley De La Rosa, Right Through You – I like Ashley; she’s cute and spunky. And I thought she sounded really good singing this song. She’s a pop rocker, and I think she does that well. I put her on my list of singers to vote for.
of one's dedication to a cause greater than oneself or
As revealed previously in the Sunday Times, the businessman’s body was found buried in Atteridgeville just over a month ago, on September 28.
½ lb shredded mozzarella cheese
The worst part is it should have been about issues.
So that leaves us with an overnight guest tonight. He is the cutest thing when he gets all soaped up in the tub.
All that must stop. (Plus, I have eaten all the chocolate chips so it’s good timing). Jim is away this week on his annual golf trip to the Flora-Bama, keeping it classy, I’m sure. So, I thought it would be good to revamp my nutrition while he is gone. It is tough to eat my leafy salad when he starts talking about how yummy pizza sounds at that moment (no, Jim doesn’t say yummy; he says something manlier like “Me man. Want pizza.”). Some of you bloggers are already such good eaters and I am scouting your blogs for healthy and yummy recipes. Thanks Laura @ Mommy, Run Fast for your WIAWs (What I Ate Wednesday) and making me see how easy it is to add veggies to your day! I will be channeling you these next few weeks!
Only if the title would have been better.
This image is called "mailed my heart" and she is a freebie from Whimsie Doodles. You can find her here.
Hear them jingling as She dances in the night sky?
(‘God bless you,’ you said to me).
Carlos Gracia, President of the Spanish Motorsport Federation: “It’s the second time I visit the headquarters. I made a brief first visit and the second time round I’ve liked them even more and I’m sure that the third time round it will be even better because this team is doing a fantastic job and are taking giant strides. I think that the facilities are wonderful and that they send an image out of what HRT Formula 1 Team is going to be in the short, medium and long term. It’s important to have the headquarters in Spain and for the team to become more Spanish and hand out opportunities to young mechanics, drivers and engineers from this country. We’re aware that in a Formula 1 team you need to have the best people from the best countries but to have a Spanish base is important looking ahead to the future”.
“Holding a prism up to a bright window demonstrates a basic principle of optics that the plain white light radiating from our sun is actually made up of a rainbow of colors. Through air, these colors of light all travel in about the same way, but in water, different colors travel differently. Water…”
I am lonely for the first time in 8 years. I have no bums to wipe, no one asking where I am every three minutes, no demands for drinks or food. I don't know what to do with myself. Well, actually, I do. I need to get. A. Job. or finish. The. Book. (sshhhh don't mention that. 30,000 words and not touched for months) or even Walk. The. Dog. Yes, yes, hairy mutt, but that only takes 45 minutes.
This degeneration, in a disposable age
He was excited to tell me that we had something in common. "I had braces too, you know!" I smiled a great big smile as he told me this. My smile ended when he continued, "But all my teeth got knocked out so it doesn't matter anymore."
So I thought I'd pass them along so that someone else might enjoy them too.
== It's not all bad news ==
One of the biggest surprises and subsequent challenges from the beginning my journey was the amount of calories I drank every day. Sodas, tea, hundreds of calories at a time, and on top of that more sugars and sodium than I care to think about now. I didn’t even consider diet sodas as an option- I have developed ridiculous dependence on them before, and I know they are just not at all good for you. Water was a struggle, even with Crystal Light (pretty much the only way I can drink water…) I was not at all consistent.
Paul Evans, Conservation Officer – North East England
off black hearts
I have a bunch of shit I could talk about, but I'm not really in the mood to write a full blog post about any particular topic, so I'll just blather on a few of the random events that happened this weekend...
Lastly I can say,
It is hard to imagine what those soldiers felt as they tossed their note into the briny deep. Did they expect that their loved ones would actually get the message intended for them, or was it just a last farewell when they really didn’t expect to return?
--the need to maintain the character and neighborhood feel of Brooklyn
Williams explained that by ridding the area of the cats that had been spayed or neutered, new stray or feral cats would move in and inhabit the same area.
"Oh, I stopped by the farmers' market," she'd say, looking proud of the bounty spread before her. "Everything looked so beautiful and fresh."
We can’t believe it’s May 1st today! The mayflies are right on schedule, unfortunately. We’re waiting for some sunshine- the forecast shows temperatures inching up and sun by the weekend.
I was reminded of this conversation on hearing that the police in Vancouver have paid damages to a lawyer they believed was plotting to throw a pie at the prime minister. In their zeal to protect the nation’s chief executive, they arrested the lawyer and subjected him to a strip search, expecting to find a pie hidden in his rectum. But the lawyer was much too crafty to hide the pie there, realising it would be the first place the police would look. So the police found no evidence of the conspiracy, and the lawyer rubbed salt into their wounds by suing them for wrongful arrest and unjustified digital penetration.
Yesterday, I let her play with my second make up bag (the first one is off-limits) while I took these candid pictures.
So, do your family a favor and make these treats for yourselves ...
It was an absolutely wonderful evening and it marked a major change in how I see myself. Until then I'd always had my doubts about whether or not I'd be able to cope with going out in public as Jenny. After Monday I now know that I might not pass completely and I will get stared at and most likely have people make comments but certainly if I've got friends with me then I have the confidence to strut my stuff down that catwalk that is life. I can do this, I've changed so much, I'm no longer shy and timid. I'm more confident and more chatty, I'm strong and sassy and I'm continuing to grown and change and in the next few weeks that's going to be tested to the max.
He backed off and sort of got on with Other Things in the kitchen.
The Day Of The Murder
Do you have and know how to read and use maps?
I finally put on my "big girl" pants and removed some "friends", or used to be friends from my personal Facebook page. I was tired of toxic people that I've talked about more than once. They seemed to be stirring up more drama and I am more grown up than that.
Here’s the video:
'The information we are gathering is so surprising, that we are sincerely afraid of what we might find down there,' stated Dr Azzacov, the manager of the project in remote Siberia.
I, personally, am sooo tired of being inside all of the time! I even took BOTH kids all by myself to the mall! Now that's desperate ;) haha! So, Landon's way to beat the heat? He takes off all of his clothes, puts on a swim suit, and runs like a crazy man through the sprinklers! Hey, whatever works, right? At least he looks good doing it!
hildbirth includes birth doula certificates through Hope House, Inc. and tr=
-3 tbsp butter
The Davison era is described, usually by its detractors, as a soap opera. “Soap opera,” it should be noted, is one of the great denigrating terms in science fiction fandom. There is nothing, including the Star Wars Christmas Special, quite as bad in the world as being a soap opera.
In retrospect, we find one very important common denominator, seen throughout this unique historical collection of artifacts. That is, that no matter when or where Srila Prabhupada and his Krsna devotees appeared, the mood and message was always the same — it was kirtan, bhajan, harinama sankirtana in the mood of Prabhupada and the Sampradaya Acaryas. No matter what sort of music was going on all around them, the devotees steadfastly preserved Srila Prabhupada’s mood in sharing our Krsna Conscious culture. Srila Prabhupada delivered the transcendental sound vibration of the Hare Krsna Maha-mantra purely and sweetly, and his disciples followed suit.
And you know what else is bitter? Me. Fourteen days ago when I made this recipe.
So when someone is sick here we start with simple remedies before we even think about doing to the Doctor we start with the following.
When I told my teacher about what happened, they tried to get us to “talk it out.” I quit telling anyone because it often just made it worse.
Song name : “Fake Clouds”
–I Just Have a Taste for a Cheeseburger Topped with Caramel Sauce and CalamariWhether you’ve already had your babies, you’re pregnant, you’re thinking about getting pregnant, or you’ve been INSIDE somebody’s womb (haha!) Dawn Meehan’s You’ll Lose the Baby Weight (and OTHER LIES about pregnancy and childbirth) is a laugh-out-loud book.
It also features two legendary Hollywood actors among the cast: Actors' Studio veteran Cameron Mitchell, as Jaimy's policeman father; and former teen heartthrob Troy Donahue, as the rich backer of Col. Hogan's mercenary operation. Putting aside the predictable and not particularly interesting question of why these two actors bothered to appear in this junk in the first place, I would like to point out that, though the role these actors play in Deadly Prey both amount to glorified cameos, both are given top billing in the opening credits! Not even Glenn Ford was granted that honor when he appeared in the 1981 slasher film Happy Birthday to Me! Mitchell and Donahue do have one scene together, in which Mitchell delivers a speech decrying Donahue and the rest of his rich, inhumane ilk before blowing him away; maybe David A. Prior found the prospect of putting these two famous actors together exciting, but unfortunately, there isn't a whole lot in that scene worth writing home about, other than the fact that Mitchell brings more convincing emotion to that scene than Ted Prior brings to any one line reading as the hero.
So what will really come from all this at the hearing on April 13? Not a hell of a whole lot I think. Maybe a little lipstick here and there to appease the public. Maybe some midterm election posturing. But I would find it awful hard to believe if things really changed all that much.
Author: Sally
“The most important word in the whole piece of music is the word God, which is also in the title ‘God Bless The USA,” Lee Greenwood said. here
Most everyone is super positive and friendly, but we noticed one thing - both of us, independently noticed this. There is a minority of people, just a few really, who obviously avoid our eyes. They notice Charlie, I see them notice him, and they get a strange, uncomfortable, maybe shocked look, and they look up, down or sideways...any which way to not look at Charlie in his chair, or at us. This is not the same as people not seeing Charlie altogether, there is some of that too - although not much, admittedly, because he really calls attention to himself. It's very clear they see him, and they want to stare but they don't want to. If they happen to catch my eye against their will, I just smile at them. I don't really care, because it's totally their loss. If they are feeling sad for him and don't know how to handle it, they should rest assured he has no clue he's in a sad situation. Maybe they just don't know what to think.
The male friend said in his statement at the time that they were "going hard” and he did not know if they bumped the light or it just fell off.
Amacha: Naturally sweet hydrangea tea brewed yearly in honor of Buddha’s birthday. Significance: In Japanese tradition, people visit temples to pour amacha on the head of statues depicting Buddha’s birth, as if bathing a newborn.
Today was rainy and super-dreary, so lighting conditions were seriously less-than-ideal. But, I was able to get a couple sweet shots of Ash. I am so eager to get out and really try this thing out and see what it can really do:)
Marshall isn’t happy at all about this, but Lily is thrilled. Barney gets the soon-to-be-dad to relax by ordering an alarming amount of shots and having them both turns off their phones for an hour. I’m pretty sure you can figure out what’s coming, and sure enough, when Barney turns his phone back on, it’s to find Lily’s seventeen voice messages to him and Marshall, saying she’s in labor.
Unfortunately the shop is keeping me very busy and im finding it very hard to fit in time to blog as I would like to, so I apologise for not visiting you all more, I hope things will settle down after my next craft weekend on the 20th/21st November.
Ok so yesterday's post was lame. There are a few things I want to write about but can't for fear of hurt feelings. I'll just try to write about something else.
I had two baby showers; one from family and one from my coworkers. Both were beautiful (I hope to post pictures soon) and we received some very generous gifts.
And what do the statements in the SDO scale say? As Jost & Thompson (2000) have pointed out, fully half of its items specifically ask people whether or not they accept social inequality (Sample items: "It would be good if all groups could be equal" and "We should strive to make incomes more equal"). But anyone who knows the first thing about politics will be aware that "equality" is a great mantra of the Left and that conservatives view the whole idea as absurd. Leftists believe that in some mystical way "all men are equal" and conservatives reject equality as an unattainable myth. Ever since the Pilgrim Fathers, attempts to found societies based on equality have quickly degenerated into pervasive and permanent INequality. So the SDO theory that conservatives reject equality is laughably unoriginal. So it is no wonder that the SDO scale predicts conservatism in other senses. Fully half of the items in the scale relate to what has always been a core conservative belief. The correlation between SDO and conservatism is then an "artifact" (a product of the research design, not new information about the world)
future product (referred to as DRP-FB-56) is $114,760,000 (U.S. Dollars).
I joined the Indonesian Heritage Society a couple of weeks ago. I thought that I would be able to go visit places that I would not go by myself. This is true and joining this group provides you with many opportunities for that. If you are new to the country, it is a great place to learn about Indonesia and also meet people and make friends. If you are brand new to the city and do not have a car, it would be better to join the group with someone you already know and ask to be assigned in the group with your friend(s). You also have to participate in planning trips, so knowing someone in the group makes it easier for you to plan a trip together and that is more fun. I joined the group hoping that I would be able to go on a tour with my friend, but she joined a weekly explorer group and I was a bit overwhelmed to join the weekly group, so I decided to join a monthly explorer group. Therefore, I ended up joining a group not knowing a single person, which is fine as I am not at all shy. However, because I don’t have a car and I could not find anyone who could give me a ride, I ended up taking a taxi to a site. It was fine as I use taxi all the time and used to it, plus I have a little bit of Indonesian to get by, but it would be hard if you don’t. This probably doesn’t happen to many people, but if there is anyone out there who is interested in joining the IHS, but you are a bit shy, I think you feel more comfortable joining the group with a friend or two. Just a little two-cent from my own experience.
I decided this was the perfect sketch to use as my card for my best friend's hubby as it wasn't too fussy and I carried on the 'simple' theme by using a lovely image from Tiddly Inks called 'Light My Life' which I thought was perfect for a man's card.
You know, in film classes at Rutgers, I certainly heard a lot about mise en scène—the arrangement of actors, sets, props and lighting in a given frame. But even after watching Jacques Tati's Playtime on DVD on more than one occasion, or even after watching the nearly complete oeuvre of Wes Anderson—films by filmmakers who make you pay close attention to their shots simply by filling them up with a sometimes insane amount of complex detail—I honestly don't think I've viscerally sensed the importance of mise en scène in a directorial vision until this theatrical screening of Bigger Than Life. Not only was I fully involved in—and yes, even at times horrified by—the travails of Ed Avery (James Mason) and his cortisone-inspired psychosis, but I also—for maybe the first time in a very long time, if not ever—found my eye frequently wandering all over Ray's widescreen frames, taking in all the details. (Maybe Rebel Without a Cause didn't have the same effect because I saw it on the far smaller dimensions of television?)
Well, I really thought I would have posted about my big 27 month old by now, but I've been busy w/ other stuff.
but only out of sympathy, or mourning.
Are you looking forward to some spring or summer travel? Don’t forget to put healthy eating in your plans – yes, even at airports and highway food courts. After some of my own recent travels, I was reminded of how fast and easy it is to make unhealthy eating choices when we’re on the go. Cheeseburgers, fries, fried chicken and pizza are everywhere! But happily, so are smarter options, too. These tips, grouped by eating places and common menu choices, will help you bring healthy eating along for the journey.
The Lodge Bank presumably took its name from the Great Bolton Reservoir No. 1 owned by the Bolton Free Waterworks which some 170 years ago occupied the area close to the pub from what is now Rothwell Street up towards the old railway line - part of which can still be seen – and up as far as Gregson Field. In other words a ‘lodge’ with a pub near the corner of one of its banks. Later in the nineteenth century the reservoir was filled in and the Bolton-Leigh railway re-routed from Daubhill into town to run under Heywood Park and land once occupied by the reservoir.
Hello Susannah
So delicious! Were we full?? Beyond that, I think!!! LOL!! But, we had a great day and the time went by quick. I had us on a schedule to fit everything in!! And, what was Lucy during this time? She was playing SPY!!!!
Some people create a simple blog for just a hobby to get away from the ordinary daily life, and in time monetize on that blog by placing Google Adsense on it. If you take the whole process of establishing blogs in a different manner correctly by looking at is as a true business, no different than any other biz then you could replace your day job becoming that high-end entrepreneur you had imagined being one day running a network of successful blogs.
He added: ‘I believe one of the factors which led to that is that they were not of your community or religion.’
I felt so proud of her for wanting to go on her own with no forcing and no fear. She came down that hallway into my room five times before she finally fell asleep in her bed. Each time she came in, she would either say that she needed a kiss, or needed me to cover her up again. Each time, I would follow her back into her room to tuck her in, give her a bunch of kisses, and then return to my own room. Eventually, she fell asleep. It was so quiet and uneventful, really.
I could go on about how the women in the book are portrayed, and the character development or lack thereof. Bombatta isn’t really a bad kind of guy, and he passes up the opportunity for redemption, continuing to follow in Tamaris’ evil plans for Jehnna. Instead I think I’ll just compare this book to Pringles. I love Pringles. I can’t get enough of those crunchy, stackable, starchy snacks devoid of any nutritional value. Just like I enjoyed this violent, sexist romp through a fantasy world, with absolutely no other virtue save entertainment.
It is true that Israel, as a nation, has been set aside but it is also true that God changed His method of dealing with the human race. No longer is salvation of the Jews but of the Lord Jesus Christ.
Secondly, I want to present you with a great song by Third Day in keeping with our Who You Are in Christ theme. I have talked about grace before and how it can be difficult to understand and accept, sometimes nearly impossible; nonetheless, it is crucial to do so. It is absolutely essential to living a successful, victorious, and effective Christian life. Grace is key. So without further ado, I hope this impacts you.
will it catch on? sure. will it do to facebook what facebook did to myspace? no. google’s not even going to try. they just want a social site to search so they can say they have social search and they want ad revenue. pissing off the facebook guys is just a bonus.
Of course, if items like these happen to you, so what can you typically do? Where will you typically change for support? will you request your relatives and would they be able to offer the actual particular total which you will want, from the soonest possible time, very? The tough truth of the matter is that the recession has just about remaining everybody cracked, if you decide to will call at your friends, would you have the allow you to will need? In addition to the possible knock back, you will also be limited for the fantastic humiliation.
This is not what I set out to blog about today. I started to write a post, read it back - and then decided to delete it. One of the things I find particularly satisfying about writing a blog is the way it challenges you to examine what you think.
John Donne was the original metaphysical poet. Fellow poet John Dryden wrote of him: "He affects the metaphysics, not only in his satires, but in his amorous verses, where nature only should reign; and perplexes the minds of the fair sex with nice speculations of philosophy, when he should engage their hearts, and entertain them with the softnesses of love."
Aileen and Kyle, thanks for visiting and tolerating the heat. I am excited to share these with you and will be done with the rest of your photos in a few weeks, in the mean time enjoy your new little bundle. She is beyond precious!
Today is the start of a new challenge for The Ribbon Girls who are not only two of the sweetest and loveliest girls on the planet but also sell the most delish ribbons!
Cutting diversion funding is an irresponsible approach to budget difficulties that will only exacerbate these problems, with negative long-term public safety consequences and the potential for taxpayers to shoulder the additional burden of costly prison and jail construction.
Are you going to see the movie tonight? This weekend? I can't believe it's all over after this :( :(
“Dugdall proves to be a smart new voice in the crime fiction genre”
the same tune no matter where
Then of course there is the whole understanding of people. To a certain extent from watching those cute girlies you can actually learn from certain aspects the way people think. After all, these characters are based of one aspect of a person, mashed them together and you get the idea. But please never assume that they are one and the same, 2D and 3D will never ever mix, despite how much we want them to.
6. Attend a little league game
All in all, a good addition to a practitioner's library. Just be aware that you'll need to look elsewhere for obviousness arguments.
Gerda K. Nelson
Who says that conservatism is produced by a fear of death
I actually loved this hair cut, it was super duper easy to take care of, and I don't think it looked bad. Unfortunately, I was about the only one who liked it. Mr. Skinny hated it, although most of the time I didn't care, it's my hair. But what girl wants her (at the time) fiancé to not like her hair? So I let it grow back, which wasn't a problem, mostly because I only cut my hair once or maybe twice a year. It was nice to see my hair grow back in all the different stages though, I saw what it looked like and could see which length was my favorite.
OK. On with the good.
you would think this man who is only one step above
1 d'yer
Today I have a special treat for you.
In preparation for some chocolate mint cupcakes I'll be making tomorrow, I thought I'd attempt the tricky business of creating my chocolate mint leaves now. (to go on the top for decoration).
Ironically, he rented a room from artist Nathan Lerner, yet he never shared his own creations with his landlord.
Flash forward to last year when something changed and a realization sank in.
They even have a creepy baby doll on display – yes in an attempt to show the various items used to play futebol on the street – a crushed can, a ball of socks, etc. – they included the severed head of a baby doll. Creepy. Unfortunately, they don’t allow you to take pictures in the museum.
106 of the first 108 universities established in the United States were explicitly founded for the very purpose of proselytizing the Christian faith. The intent to proselytize the Christian gospel is literally engraved on the cornerstones of every single one of our greatest universities. It was not our American founding fathers, but profoundly un-American fascists who tried to sever the historic connection between America and the religious faith that made her great.
The fact of the matter, that white nationalists are either unwilling or unable to address, is that white people are their own worst enemy.The whole article is worth reading. Read it here. There is much more to why White Nationalism is problematic.
There was a time, of course, when puerility as debased as this was confined to the playground, to be mercifully lost in the breeze after a few guffaws among half-wits. Nowadays, alas, the playground is known as the Internet. This stuff gets written down and enjoys a longevity vastly disproportionate to its merit, among people who park their minds in the gutter.
He had “tuned” the weapon for ease of operation and was still “tinkering” on it when he was shot.
I felt blessed to be sitting in a church watching my grandfather marry a woman he had found and fallen in love with. My grandmother died twelve years ago, yet every one of their five children attended the ceremony. Everyone who could be there, was. Everyone clapped and cried and hugged them both firmly. We ate cake. We drank punch.
its gonna be sick.
We took the world's shortest vacation this weekend! We told the kids it was a vacation when really it was just a trip to the Lake of the Ozarks to get our waverunner serviced and ready for the summer. We made the most of it though, well the most that we could with the torrential downpours that we had most of the time we were there!
Nigga a living legend
Acts 27:23, Part 2
What a wonderful surprise to find a small, fresh split-turkey breast in my supermarket. This special find fulfilled my goal of purchasing poultry that fits my criteria: Humanely Raised; Vegetarian Fed; No Antibiotics; No Growth Hormones. Thank you, Plainville Farms. www.plainvillefarms.com Check out their website or on Facebook.
Girl - "Well because he told me in the text that he sent."
5) Tropical islands
Cumcumber-Yogurt Sauce (with additions its Tzatziki!)
Waiting to hear back from FS for his opinion on metformin & PCOS in pregnancy. My reading says it can help reduce the risk of miscarriage by up to 50%, and that it has only not been proven safe in pregnancy, rather than having been proven harmful. It’s a dilemma that I am keen to hear his opinion on.
Turk: "Bro?" Dude, bros don't even use "bro." You're not as hip as you think you are.
The Amelanchier (juneberry, serviceberry, shadblow) berries were gathered from the fully loaded mature trees at Brooklyn Bridge Park's Pier One. Rebecca McMackin, the head horticulturist there, is quoted as saying that it suprises her that no one knows about the edible berries: "I guess they're not on the general populace's radar," she said. "I'd be excited to see anyone eating them at this point," she added, popping a berry into her mouth.
A discovery that i found.
Columbia Records
Martha Stewart punches
When you think of good parenting, what comes to mind? I think for many of us, good parenting usually revolves around what we DO: everything from, "Should spanking be used as a form of discipline?" to, "Should I allow my children to drink beverages with high fructose corn syrup?" There are countless dos and don'ts in parenting. Quite often, two different sources of parenting information will give two contradictory pieces of advice on what you DO to handle a given situation.
“I know. But it’s the best way to keep in contact. You want to keep in contact with me, don’t you?”
Isn't she just the cutest little thing you've ever seen?
Order Credit Report: 1.800.685.1111
Designer - Jennie Harper
It was a fantastic night!! I had 6 people (not including myself) at my first meeting tonight...including one dad! The vibe was amazing- so supportive, and loving. It really reinforced the fact that Unschooling United is *needed* in our community...a place for find support for ourselves. The worry in the back of my head, that I'm not worthy of the facilitator role :), felt totally unfounded and downright SILLY once the meeting progressed and the discussion flowed. It was just GOOD.
I miss my solitude
Jesus has redefined the “vineyard” as himself and he will succeed in fulfilling the covenant as the true Israel. While Israel failed as the custodians of the vineyard, Jesus will succeed and his twelve disciples constitute a new Israel.
You can check out the sketch, and all of our takes on Judy's blog Pieces of Me, you really need to check them out, her 11 year old daughter is one of the ones doing the sketches and wow is this girl talented.
3 eggs, separate
I become a better person.
We got a puppy! May I introduce to you, Zoe'.
It was trashed too except for the bed, which had a woman passed out across it. Her revealing blue dress looked painted on, she was probably a prostitute. I knocked on the window. She stirred and sat up. I knocked again, she turned to the window. I smiled. She rose, then dragged her feet to the window.
Despite having to get up at 5am every day to get to work for 7.30am, he loves his job: “I like working with the trainees because they’re such wonderful, bright young people,” he says.”I learn a lot from them, but they’ll often come to me with grammatical questions.”
yes, I just said that.
Take, for example, another couple in ministry in a community that is not supportive of women. Let’s call them John and Jenny. John has the visible leadership role, though Jenny has the clearly stronger leadership traits. John and Jenny have a pretty egalitarian marriage, all things considered, providing Jenny with the space and opportunities to grow into her leadership gifts more fully. Yet, like the elephant on a leash, she has been conditioned to subordinate herself to his leadership in the community.
-You FINALLY appreciate all the hard work and sacrifices your mom made for you, and pray you can do half as good of a job for your own kids!
Miss Munchkin and grandpa. This is her favorite spot in the house! Notice the book is in German. Gretchen is the only one that can read it but Etta doesn't care. It's an animal farm book so made up story line is great.
Preheat oven to 150d C (300d F) Butter/ oil and flour tins.
I'm sitting here today working out the merging of two blogs.
So just as John Newton told of God's grace through his hymns and from the pulpit, we too are called to tell others of His good news. His grace also allows us to apply the truths from His Word so that we might live lives transformed and for His glory. How are you doing that?
All I want from you
are you ready for a brand new game? (a brand new game)
Well, we Northerners had to give it a try! So I made some for the Sil and Bro for our little celebration of their 29th wedding anniversary last Sunday, along with mac and cheese and hot dogs. Hey, they picked the menu!
Story and art by Jack Cole
In the Needle, the search for Harris continued but Harris has crawled up into the ductwork to hide. However, Harris soons learns that there is something else living in the ductwork of the Needle.....rats!
“The abuse seems to be increasingly rapidly, and the internet offers an additional distribution platform,” she said.
Ms. James was not easy to pigeonhole. She is most often referred to as a rhythm and blues singer, and that is how she made her name in the 1950s with records like “Good Rockin’ Daddy.” She is in both the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and the Blues Hall of Fame.
And there it is, there in the open trunk of the Maverick, the no-goodness that can happen to suspecting yet profit-driven little girls: Two large cardboard boxes filled to their wet, mouldy rims with wet, mouldy crockery.
The weather turned cold and windy the past couple of days.
Editing your query line by line to make it spectacular assumes we could agree on what is spectacular and assumes what makes your query spectacular would also make other queries spectacular. I don't think we'd agree on either of those.
Recommended Listening
!/2 cup chopped cashews, toasted in a dry skillet
Who is saying this? The LORD.
B. She is fucking HILARIOUS
Apparently it is difficult. It has been allowed to develop from a simple leadership contest to something that could seriously split the party. There was no need for this. Initially there was a very big chance that Nick would have won anyway, but at least questions that needed answers would have been brought into the open and he would have had renewed authority to carry on for another three years.
PERHAPS SHE'LL DIE!!
05. Elena
This day I walked up a hill road until I found a break in the hedgerow and a place with a big view. I could look way down into the valley and almost hear the fever of the jigs and reels, while the silent sea of heaven rolled overhead.
She found a rock she wanted to keep. It sparkled. I mentioned it probably contained mica. She wanted to know what mica meant. This led to a discussion of rocks and minerals, and the difference between a geologist and a mycologist. It was she who gravely informed me that the latter was someone who studies mushrooms and fungi. I was amused and proud that she even knew what the word meant.
After several weeks without torching, I felt quite insecure going back to my studio.... it is always the same; after some time without making beads, I think I have completely lost the feeling and knowledge, but it is not true.
He agreed, but then got confused and said “Well, I don’t think EVERY DAY! Ha ha ha!!! None of my friends talk to their parents DAILY. I think maybe GIRLS do that!”
I'd see the oak tree in the acorn more often.
In Torah we follow the story about the creation, the first humans, G-d’s covenant with Abraham and his descendants, the Exodus from Egypt, the revelation at Mt. Sinai (where G-d gave us the Ten Commandments), the wanderings in the desert and after 40 years of toils and hardships, the entrance to the Promised Land! Shortly, the message of the Torah is the absolute unity of G-d, His creation of the world and His concern for it, and His everlasting covenant with the people of Israel.
Al may have spent far too much time alone in the house he inherited from his famous great grandfather, a noted Egyptologist. In his loneliness he has found companions in the hundreds of objects and a few plants that fill the cavernous home. The house has become a veritable museum of valuable and rare antiquities and treasures of the pharaohs. When Al's finances are in danger of plummeting to the poverty level he helps himself to one or two of those treasures, takes a trip to Mahir Suleyman's junk/resale shop where they haggle over a price, and Al leaves with a chunk of change in his pockets. Life is easy - chats with Eulalia, a few gossipy whispers from the philodendrons, selling an ushabti or statuette of Bast every now and then. Then Norbie drops in unexpectedly for a visit.
You can read a great description of what being “Free Range” means here, by Lenore Skenazy, who has been a strong advocate of this type of parenting. And as time goes on, I am sure I will write more about what being Free Range means to me and my family, but for now, back to my pet peeve.
Once I started this website, I sent an e-mail out to a few local bands I am familiar with and I am greatly appreciative that the guys from CWS took time to get back to me.
We are looking for local tango hosts for our International guests:
Tom: or whiskey
But they are still there Mr Prime Minister
Those of us who have signed this letter wish to point out sharply that new or amended rules with regard to the accepted classical precepts of riding, which are contained in the guidelines written down in your Handbook, are absolutely superfluous and therefore unnecessary. These precepts, which the FEI has up until now felt obliged to uphold, are already fully developed, tried and tested! They are already recognized world-wide as authoritative, and as fair to the horse. Based on centuries of experience, they offer a stable and secure foundation even for today’s riding.
Just the way nature intended them!
and that's all that matters.
Asa Kasher co-authored the first IDF Code of Ethics and continues to work on the moral doctrines that shape the parameters of the IDF's actions.
She talks about toning arms here on another page
Also, see that pattern on the left? Simplicity 3965? Not only is it Simplicity (so I might actually know my alterations already), it’s the very same pattern the Sewaholic has made up into so many awesome versions!
“An error does not become truth by reason of multiplied propagation, nor does truth become error because nobody sees it.”
Maybe I'm wrong.
1 roasted bell pepper
If any of you know of any white grape varieties whose name starts with a V and that I missed off the list, please tell me.
At a macro level, Egypt’s economy dwarfs all the other economies (see Figure bellow). GNI per head ranges widely, from only US$100 in Ethiopia to more than fourteen times that amount –US$1,490 – in Egypt. In addition, the proportion of the amount that accrues to agriculture in Ethiopia is substantially more than in Egypt.
But then I remember, You’re far away
Hello ladies! Lisa B here. I will be your host for this fabulous challenge. I hope you are all having this beautiful weather like we are here in Pennsylvania. It is gorgeous weather that my whole family is totally taking advantage of.
Then I went to town on the Art Critics. I wrote several more stories about New Orleans, then tackled the section about New Mexico and would the thing up with a trip back east by my main characters. Along the way, I incorporated a bunch of other short stories into the manuscript into it vaguely resembled a novel. Then, as if it was a bottle of wine I let it sit for about a year. About a year ago I started rewriting and querying. I only received three requests for partials out of nearly a 100 inquiries. So I gave up on the queries and kept on with the revision. Just this past June, I published the completed manuscript, even though I could not afford an editor. The front cover is also of my own making. I’m glad it’s done with for now I can return to the original manuscript I tackled during national writing month. Still I’m pleased as punch that I was able to create a novel out out of a short story.
In the final part of our interview with Tan Sri Tengku Azlan Sultan Abu Bakar, he reminds both politicians and the Royal Houses that there is a clear demarcation of roles.
Sword hand calloused, chest exhales, emptying lungs.
Your turn. Have you had a similar situation where you were able to help out a client or potential client in a way you didn’t expect? How did it work out?
Just feeling of tired and lazy surrounding me.
Paper: 'Report Card' by October Afternoon.
My local DVD rental shop has just pulled down its rattling metal shutters for the last time, which has focused attention inside the Glamour Cave on the subject of paying for culture (or "content" as it's often described these days. I always think that makes it sound as if it comes in a tin). As a side-effect it's also made me feel a bit older, as if I've lost a slightly smelly, close friend to a war of attrition (against new technology): the carpets in there had needed a clean for about five years but I was still exceptionally fond of the place. I liked the owner and I'd had hundreds, if not thousands, of hours of pleasure as a result of borrowing videos and DVDs from him.
If you live in the East Bay, near San Francisco, Viharo hosts free double-features of various b-movies. These tiki-bar get-togethers are called Chillville, and take place on the third Monday of every month at the Forbidden Island Tiki Lounge in Alameda, where Viharo dispenses, along with his b-movie knowledge and wit, giveaways and prizes. The show starts around 7:30 p.m. (it's best to get there at least an hour earlier for decent seating).
Levis jacket
“Wonder what his last meal will be. How do they choose that
A thought provoking book. I would imagine it would be hard to be angry at a comatose-dying spouse, even for infidelity. This was what was going through Matt's mind. So what did he do? He loved and respected his wife, Joanie, enough to seek out her lover figuring that would be what she wanted. Then off he goes with his unruly daughters to bring the man to Joanie. Finds out that the lover had a riding on Matt's decision to sell his incredibly huge inherited land and something more personal. This, along with the adventure of having to personally invite Joanie's close friends to visit her to say their goodbyes and prepare to be a single parent was quite a feat for Matt.
In my posts over Easter, I mentioned that Mum was helping me with a couple of sewing projects... well one of them was a quilted wall hanging using a beautiful piece of blackwork stitching that my friends Kerry, Kayla, and Debbie made for me. (There's a story behind this piece of stitching in that I had arranged for the four of us to stitch a blackwork 'round robin'- ie we would divide our piece of fabric into four and each stitch a quarter of each other's design- but I got rather stressed out trying to choose a design, I had a few false starts, and in the end I couldn't get organised in time so I said I would stitch on the other three RRs without making one for myself. Well the lovely ladies thought that it wasn't fair for me not to have a finished piece- even though it was my own fault for being rubbish about it!!- and they stitched me this wonderful piece as a surprise, so a big thank you again to Kerry, Kayla, and Debbie!!)
"We'll just have ham on buttered bread, thank you, " she intoned, virtuously. "There's no need to toast for us."
I reply yes, before even asking exactly what it is that needs to be done. “We need as many people as possible to pack the leaflets for the elections. All 29 million of them!”.
The ten year hunt for Osama Bin Laden finally concluded with Navy Seals assassinating the infamous terrorist, and for once, Barack Obama had no need to say “This began in the Bush Administration!”
respecting someone means taking them seriously, holding them in a high regard, not interrupting them or belittling or dismissing their feelings. treating them as you'd like to be treated yourself.
The apostolic is not the singling out of ‘great men’ or the establishment of kings to reign over others. It is the moving of the Spirit of Christ among His people to give them their genuine identity and purpose. This is so that every person can be great because they are representing Jesus as who they are in the places reserved for them before time began. Thus people get to lead from the position for which they have been created to lead by Christ. They work together in harmony as His Body because the government is on His shoulders.
In all the entire history of the nation we never once had a prime minister’s wife coming to the fore and adding fuel to the fire. Datuk Seri Najib must deal with this unless you are oblivious to what Tun Dr. Mahathir once mentioned publicly in making reference to your spouse.
Because out there in the mad world of food blogging people seem to want to share. Not just their recipes or reviews in print. But real actual food that they’ve carefully grown or crafted with their own hands. And so I’m in deep because I like food and I like sharing. What started as a chance to bag a wild garlic plant for the garden, has turned into a whole host of meetings usually with some food item surreptitiously handed over: from cooking pork five ways for this project to learning the glories of real pie mash and liquor.…and well this. A reverse ‘Where’s my Pork Chop’ exchange, commonly known on twitter as rWMPC.
Serve with your favorite garnishes. I used Fat Free Sour Cream, Mexican cheese blend, diced onion and diced green onions. Oh my god, it was so good.
“He says… “I Should Surely Kill You All”" replies Sir Elm.
4 combination
Am I forcing the relationship with my pushy insistence on friendship and a spirit of fraternity, instead of letting it develop naturally?
A few things to remember as we embark upon this journey:
. . . over the months following his recovery did his parents hear his whole story: that while in surgery, he went to heaven and met Jesus, who assigned him homework; he also encountered angels, a rainbow-hued horse, John the Baptist, God the father, the Holy Spirit, a sister his mother miscarried (unknown to Colton) before he was born and his great-grandfather, Pop, as a young man. Everyone in heaven had wings; Colton’s were smaller than most. He learned that the righteous, including his father, would fight in a coming last battle.
According to this source, a vegan diet includes all grains, beans, legumes, vegetables and fruits and the nearly infinite number of foods made by combining them. Many vegan versions of familiar foods are available, so you can eat vegan hot dogs, ice cream, cheese and vegan mayonnaise.
I walked up to Aphrodite’s realm. My mouth dropped open to make an “o” shape.
I once met a man. He was an exaggerated, excessive man
- ‘For the Lord is the spirit, and wherever the spirit of the Lord is, there is freedom’ 2 Corinthians 3:17
Willow fence, hopefully living.
When their sins were exposed, Bathsheba and David repented, but their child became sick and died. The scriptures don’t tell us much about how Bathsheba felt, but as a mother, she had to be devastated.
Propolis – Tree sap gathered by bees and used as a sealant in beehives. In toothpaste, shampoo, deodorant, supplements, etc. Alternatives: tree sap, synthetics.
low to moderate-income person by each approved business. Please provide information detailing the
Well done both of you!
Make a novelty of my makeshift heart, call me down
I just used my Aquapainter and Poppy Parade and Pool Party Reinkers on watercolor paper. I put a little grey around the image for a shadow.
Talk to you tomorrow.
In other words, nobody really knows. The consensus is this: when in doubt about whether or not two words should be hyphenated, consult the dictionary.
Another hindrance on physics and engineering sectors has been the increase in funding to the National Institute of Health. According to David Kramer in Physics Today, the money allotted to the NIH by Congress has increased more than the Department of Energy, National Science Foundation, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, or even the Department of Defense (Kramer 27); although the exact numbers are adjusted to the inflation rates as of 2010. It seems a sign of the times that medications, cures for diseases, and stem cell research have become more of a priority than uniting the theory of General Relativity and Quantum Mechanics, even though such biological miracles are just as evasive as the Higgs Boson.
Driving was a nightmare- they had thunderstorms the whole time we were in Utah. What should have been a quick drive was slowed down greatly by blinding rain, lightning, and water-logged roads. Luckily the roads were clearer when we drove back to the airport on Sunday.
Closest Focusing Distance: ~ 4 feet
Since renewable energy will be a key market for years to come, traders in this area must be able to exploit their technology while contributing to society through further innovation. To achieve that (and hero status?) the challenge for the IP regime and its users is that both must be innovative".
Christ, I didn’t even know there was a Boston, Maine.
I would say that anyone in our industry of economic development is normally not the most beloved person of the media, because we recommend the invest of taxpayers monies in order to create the right atmosphere for these types of outcomes to occur. If they were going to occur naturally I think the outcome would already be well down the road. Thus it takes strategic thinkers, visionary leaders, and supporters that want a better tomorrow to agree on taking some form of calculated risk at the expense of their constituents. For sure these are not easy decisions to make. But over the course of a lifetime of service to our profession we do learn the most efficient process for getting to the nub of the matter and making hard choices. Usually those of us in this public spectacle get our fair share of naysayers and critics. With the advent of bloggers we sure draw in many cases our share of unwarranted abuse by uninformed and sometimes malicious and usually people who had no experience and/or involvement in the actual projects being discussed, they are just arm chair experts, with no experience themselves in being game changers, and adding measurable value to our society. Perhaps that is why we draw their negative attention so much.
One thing Budapest is famous for is their thermal baths. When Brett and I visited Budapest, we went to the Széchenyi Baths which are popular spot with the locals and took a dip in the outdoor pools. That experience is now one of my fondest memories of our trip, and it’s not because it was my first thermal bath experience. It’s because the entry process into this bath was absurdly difficult for us. It was a comedy of errors; one that I find highly amusing.
I made this recipe up years and years ago & have been loving it ever since. Several of my besties also love it and I know they cook it at theirs too. Happiness making.
And the traditionally gloomy conservative view of the powers of government -- summed up so succinctly by Edmund Burke (1907) over two centuries ago as: "It is in the power of government to prevent much evil; it can do very little positive good" -- fits in well with the neo-liberal view that market forces are usually far superior to government activism in producing generally beneficial outcomes.
I am a bit of an all or nothing person. When I love something, I LOVE IT and when I don’t like something, I pretty much despise it. I love soup. I love mayonnaise. I love cheese. And I LOOOOVE ice cream. I would say it’s my favourite dessert, but how can you speak in absolutes when it comes to desserts (or cheese for that matter)? But I don’t think I could ever pass on a bowl of ice cream, my favourite of course being French Vanilla. As a food, it’s not the healthiest to say the least. It’s high in sugar and fat and I find it almost impossible to limit myself to the ½ cup suggested serving size so I know I do even more damage when I indulge then the already shockingly high numbers of the “Nutrition Facts” on the side of each container. That’s why this recipe is so great! It’s a lot like ice cream but healthier!
3 years since that awful night I heard your heartbroken mommy say: "Mama.......... my babies are gone"..........
I airbrushed my stencils on using my Copic ABS. The heart stencil turned out really nicely, I did a color fade and then popped in up a little bit by adding some smudged charcoal to outline the heart and the star-burst. I also used the charcoal on the boarders, because they were too pretty and I needed them a little grungier. I had doodled the lines in the background and then added in the splatter stencil and dots stencil (both by Coffee Break) for a little bit of texture.
5) Push (A stricter eating plan)
As for me and baby #2 we are doing good, just getting bigger each day! I have heartburn like crazy (though still not as bad as it was with Noah) I have also been having braxton hicks.. something I never had (or never knew i had) when I has prego with Noah. I am always out of breath and I have a really hard time chasing Noah around. Haha. I definitely think pregnancy the 2nd time around is harder, because I am not only growing a baby full time, I am also raising a crazy toddler. And I they say, oh you are tired now just wait til you have a newborn! But I seriously think that even when I have a sleepless newborn it will be easier than growing this baby! :) I have been blessed, I am healthy and happy and have a loving &supportive husband and family. I don't have one single stretch mark, and best of all my sweet baby is healthy and doing great! One thing no one every told me was that I would lose bladder control. *TMI* Seriously, I know I have posted about this before, but it honestly gets worse and worse the more baby grows! It's getting ridiculous! I have more accidents than my un-potty trained 2 year old! LOL It's not quite that bad yet, but I am anticipating it. Trevor says he is going to buy me some depends for mother's day. I tell you what, growing a baby (and then of course, delivering that baby) is not a pretty thing! Anyways, we are down to singe digit weeks now, a few days less than 9 weeks! Woo! I can't wait to meet this little one! We have most of our baby stuff out and I am planning on getting the rest out probably this weekend. Oh ya, and we still don't have a name for this baby yet. But to be honest I probably wouldn't tell anyone what his name was if we did have one. But with Noah, he didn't have a name until about 30 min before we left the hospital, so we don't have a very good track record for naming our kids.The pic below was me at 30 weeks I believe.
So I set about searching for the perfect place. I needed to be far enough away from home to stop me from taking the easy route out and hopping back in the car or on a bus and giving up. And I needed the freedom to do nothing but write without feeling guilty.
Pink, blue and purple doesn’t exactly scream come rest and relax in your home away from home. ;)
NEXT PCW PPV:
Somewhere far from my default, compassion
The fourth book we read was Betsy-Tacy by Maud Hart Lovelace. This is a sweet telling of two girls, Betsy and Tacy, who become best friends and play imaginative games around their neighborhood. The publication date is 1940, and the book gives a nice glimpse into the past, similar to the Little House on the Prairie books. Also similar is the fact that the author’s childhood home is now a museum in Mankato, Minnesota.
What inspired you to write this particular book?
but we'll try a coat of paint before I make the final call
Another of Blogger's foibles ?!?
Decisions purposefully crafted for breath: longevity, sanity, happiness.
I mentioned Paul Revere – when he went on his midnight ride, it was for the purpose of warning the people that the British were marching to Lexington to arrest Sam Adams and John Hancock, then on to Concord to confiscate the weapons stored there by the Minuteman. By the time they got to Concord, they found the Minuteman waiting for them, weapons in hand. They fired at the British, fought them, and beat them. From that battle came the American Revolution. There’s an Arabic word to describe what those Minutemen did that day. That word is: JIHAD, and this is what my trial was about.
and that you or your friends will move at some point. Hard lesson I
I'm not going to apologize for my honesty, you live in denial, you live with pathetic yourself for another fucking day.
I could make, I will not make them,
28) WHAT COLOUR IS IT?
Believe it or not, I am an optimist. I see the good in most things, I hope for the best, but I'm also not a blind idealist.
I guess that was her way of not-so-subtly trying to see if I have a boyfriend or something. Great job, mom. :P As awkward as that conversation was, now that I think of it, it was quite funny.
This is a band whose major accomplishments are either a remnant of the musical past (concept albums) or were never much a part of the music landscape anyway (flute solos). Their influence might not have been great, but at least there was one Jethro Tull.
She disciplines herself and exits.
Today is the third day of my DT post for Tsunami Rose! Today's sketch was a real challenge for me for some reason I couldn't figure out what I wanted to do and it is such a simple design but I wanted to do something different and than what I would normally do but I prevail and here it is and go check it out! :)...thanks to Daisy who does these wonderful sketches for us each day...we will be doing one everyday so please check in everyday and I have email that you can sign up for to keep up...hehe...and don't forget to check out the Tusnami Rose blog! :) Don't forget to check out the FB Page as well...great stuff! :)
your card but if you use a SweetStamps image, you will get two entrees into the giveaway. To enter the challenge, please add the URL to your actual blog post or online gallery to the InLinkz you will find at the end of this post. Please do not link to your main blog; we want to be able to find your post to leave you comments. Also, please link back to our blog. The challenge rules are listed in the sidebar.
It’s not a time to think, what else could I be eating for more variety or mouth happiness? And eating any off-product food during Phase 1 can be a slippery slope. Like the person I mentioned in an earlier post who assumed that cream and sugar were fine since coffee was allowed, there could be someone who assumed that (high-cal, high-fat) dressing was OK with a plain lettuce salad. Not everyone is calorie knowledgeable, and in Phase 1 we don’t count calories.
The warmth, your warmth, makes me so cozy
However, while it took me several months, I did finally complete a Triple Threads Unity three card set depicting Citi Field in the background. I'm not sure why the Triple Threads Unity "gimmick" sparked my interest, but it did. Anyone else get dragged into completing a unity of their own?
And whilst on the subject of contempt, how better to describe the attitude of Cameron towards his grassroot supporters? He takes them completely for granted, speaks over their heads, and thanks them not one bit for keeping the sandwiches coming and for re-filling the teapots during the dark years. He makes no attempt at all to stop them flirting with UKIP, let alone the BNP. Those millions who voted for Thatcher (even for Major in 92), but who NO LONGER VOTE - what of them? Does he try to encourage them back with a re-statement of the basic principles that transformed this country for the better after the disaster of late-70s Labour? He does not. He chases liberal votes, and does so brazenly. Some deluded folk think that he is a Tory in Liberals' clothing and will shed the cloak after an election win. Well he won't. He is a metropolitan liberal, on the left of the Tory party. The truth is, Cameron and his top table have much more in common with rootless West London professionals than they do with dentists or ditch-diggers or retired Colonels at the end of their drives in their rural constituencies. He is simply not an attractive choice for many of the old Conservative types who no longer vote. It is left to us (ex) Deputy Chairmen in the sticks to rally the troops. No longer.
Gained: 2.2 lbs.
Frankie is finally home, took her 3 weeks to get here… drove me slightly insane, but hey! Worth it! She’s beautiful and cute, and her chubby little face could not be more adorable. Or at least that’s my opinion. I think hers and Draculaura’s are the cutest faces, the rest have something very posh and sophisticated about them.
The trouble with my wife began when she needed Jesus and I needed a cat. Life can be that way. That’s part of the reason I was on Sanibel Island in the cottage I had always dreamed of owning and she was in Tallahassee tending to the sick son of our youth. But it’s more complicated. There was more troubling me than religion or people who think problems can be solved with a leap of faith.
I am the gentle autumn rain.
This is my ultimate tip. It’s so good, I saved it until last. Follow someone on Twitter and they’ll more than likely get an email saying ‘_____ is now following you on Twitter’. THEN you email them about your band. So they’ll see that you do actually (at least pretend) to care about what you think. Then you can @reply them saying ‘just emailed you!’ or something, and they might follow you back. THEN, when they see you on their newsfeed they’ll remember you and it’ll be a nice subtle reminder of your music. It goes without saying that people are more likely to help you out if they like you, so send them the occasional reply or DM (don’t send them a barrage of tweets asking if they’ve reviewed your music).
And now, my chickens, I’m crossing my fingers, pulling on a light coat, and hoping for the 70 degree weather I have coming to me.
But, I proceeded to argue with my phone, it was the same sim card in it a week ago, and two weeks ago, and three weeks ago etc. What can you possibly find fault with now? I was quite pleased with my argument, and figured I’d won when on a restart my phone was working okay again. But ten minutes later, it informed me that it had rejected my sim card again. Further arguments proving futile, I decided to Google it.
Music, theater, dance, literature, and interactive media are included in a broader definition of art or the arts.
It’s strictly research. Daddy research. Honest.
Translation to Wall Street-speak: "You're an idiot and your analysis is f***ing garbage."
Scientists worldwide have been studying the traditional Mediterranean lifestyle to understand why their life expectancy was so high and people aged so well.
he remained until 1956. During this time he cut something like 600 tracks and released more than 60 albums;
surrounded by imaginary pyrotechnics.
A while ago I was looking to make a pretty large purchase. A new TV. Like a lot of consumers these days I did a LOT of research online before even going to a store. I even went to a few stores to “showroom”. This is a new-ish and growing phenomenon in the retail world (On a side note… this is what’s killing some major retailers these days). I was a “lay-down” sale. All that was needed was for the sales person to confirm my decision and then ask for my money. I went to Future Shop and gave the sales person a chance to do just this. He did a great job showing me the features of some TVs and he did a great job confirming my initial decision. And then he just stood there… it was weird and uncomfortable… it went something like this:
Not that every gift was wrapped up for the Chief. We had four adults in the house, too! It looks like a lot (and it is), but once you remove the packaging and wrapping paper it didn't feel over the top and the Child was overjoyed at getting the four presents he asked Santa for. The rest of it was just his family spoiling him. I mean, let's face it, it's so much more fun to shop for a kid at Christmas than an adult. You get to indulge your own childhood wants under the veil of gift giving. Sweet. It was an incredible sight when it was all placed and ready to be discovered.
Weekends were for lazing around, not for more work and running all over God’s green acre. She and Trey had been married for two year but they still had plenty of spark between them, and neither had as much as changed out of their PJ’s or left the bedroom for more than a bowl of cereal all weekend. Minerva was sore, but a good sore.
I have been buying a little too much in the sales but my goodness the discounts are good! I bought this silk maxi dress for £25 in the Warehouse sale. Annoyingly, shortly after my purchase it was reduced further to £20! Curses!
Ok, veering off into a different direction; I had the nicest time on Saturday at Jerry's Artarama Austin. It was SXSW so the crowd in the store to participate in the scratchboard demo was at about 10+, but they were determined and appreciative. A Grandmother brought her 3 Grandbaby girls, 2 sisters and a cousin. The oldest was 6. They had a great time, and I enjoyed working with them. It was cool to see how they took to the process. One of them was hyper-critical of herself and the marks she was making. Grandma helped and I ended up getting a great photo of her with her piece. Finally a smile!
Sumner’s Falls is a section of the Connecticut River in Hartland, VT. Not a waterfall, as the name suggests, but a stretch of whitewater popular among kayakers. An old logging road provides access to the remote spot.
Please don’t get me wrong—this city mouse isn’t trying to romanticize “the land.” I think I was just excited to get back to a tangible Process. Can you build something from the materials you have? Will your contraption keep the critters out? And so on. It’s almost as if life feels like more of a process when you are engaged in a practical project. What can I say? I’m from Midwest farming stock.
so we spent a month doing research.
A businessman of Alexandria, a rural town in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa, has launched a unique Ten Commandments Campaign. He and his family are planting Commandments every 200 metres along the road leading from their town for starters.
You could call it a new groove. The school groove.
4. Place dough onto oiled baking sheet, and flatten to cover the whole sheet evenly. Use the tips of your fingers to make indentations all over the dough spaced about 1 inch apart (I forgot to do this). Drizzle the focaccia with 3 tablespoons olive oil, then sprinkle rosemary, Parmesan cheese, and remaining 1 tablespoon of kosher salt over the top. Let rise for 10 minutes.
And so did the stool.
Unsunny Side of the Treat
It would be one thing is she simply, painted them in gouache on watercolor paper or oil on canvas, but she does this really cool, textural thing where she starts by applying a heavy, goopy layer of Gesso and then paints on top of that.
Saturday was the peanuts 2 month birthday and we celebrated by attending a beautiful baby shower for them! My wonderful friends and family put on a fantastic lunch at the East Bay Grille, where we were showered with love and gifts for the cutest two month olds ever. It was wonderful to see everyone and even one of their NICU nurses came by and brought them each a beautiful outfit! When I went to thank everyone for coming, I got really choked up. People often ask us how we stay so strong and it’s really because of all the love and support we receive from so many people – even those who have never met us before but have heard our story! It honestly is knowing we have such a huge support system behind us that makes us strong enough to get up every day and face the challenges. I tell everyone that my children are the most love children in the world right now – it’s simply amazing.
Maryse Leclair, 23 - materials engineering
Back facts: There have been seven World Series since that unfortunate one in 1966 that went just four games. The most recent was the 2007 Series when the Red Sox beat the Rockies in four straight.
My trip to the circus included me being daring enough to get my photo taken with a real live tiger… Hopefully I can post a copy of it soon (I need to figure out a way to scan it). That tiger and I looked into each other’s eyes, and I was pretty excited, I mean how often to you get to stand next to a tiger less than a foot away?! It was odd. I thought about fear and how it holds us back from so much… sometimes it can protect us, but it also needs to be managed like a adviser, taking it’s suggestions and considering the options.
It's not much yet, but stay tuned! HAHA Get it?
Yet they tempted and provoked the most high God, and kept not his testimonies: But turned back, and dealt unfaithfully like their fathers: they were turned aside like a deceitful bow. For they provoked him to anger with their high places, and moved him to jealousy with their graven images. When God heard this, he was wroth, and greatly abhorred Israel: So that he forsook the tabernacle of Shiloh, the tent which he placed among men; And delivered his strength into captivity, and his glory into the enemy’s hand. He gave his people over also unto the sword; and was wroth with his inheritance. The fire consumed their young men; and their maidens were not given to marriage. Their priests fell by the sword; and their widows made no lamentation.
Oh, thank you! I really got worried you might not return!
But, I am not the one in control.
Air pollution is nearly as high a concern for Americans, with 72% worried a great deal or a fair amount about it.
Although Upsweep’s relatively pure tone didn’t fit with the more varied sounds typical of other volcanic activity, the researchers speculated that it came from some kind of oscillation of bubbly liquid, perhaps seawater coming into contact with a large pool of lava. “Somehow within the volcanic cycle,” explains Emile Okal of Northwestern University in Chicago, “there must be some resonance of a column of water or gas.”
CHALLENGE RULES
So,yes, it has been quite a week and I am thankful for all of it!!
America's largest tabletop manufacturer, Homer Laughlin China Co. became the last major domestic pottery with the closing of several major competitors, most recently Syracuse China in March 2009.
so we all had a wonderful time taking miss maggie for her first trip to the beach...she loved it which i pretty much figured she would. our baby girl is so content and so happy...she would just play in the sand, wet or dry...or find her shadow...or watch her big sisters splashing around or building sand castles. she just adores her big sisters and loves to really take in every little thing that they do.
In 1898 George Wilson, Eugene Hubbard and George Harshman located a reservoir site for the Fruit Growers Reservoir in Hart’s Basin. They organized a company among the residents of lower Surface Creek to build a dam. Shares of stock were sold at $10 per share and by January, 1899, a 20-foot day, 450 feet long, had been completed. It is interesting to note that wages paid to the crew for the construction of this dam were $1.25 per day per man, or $2.00 per day for man with a team of horses.
Meanwhile, as writer in residence, I spent a happy day of the holidays meshing together 25 variations on the opening of the class novel so that everyone has a contribution somewhere and far more of the children’s words are included than mine! Even happier was the time spent reading it back to them. They insisted on a second reading so that that they could stick up their hands when they recognised their bit! We have negotiated plots and settings and characters and are ready to roll.
well this subject of today is Cosplay in the main place xD
Not only did the bombshell singe Taib’s hopes for his first-born, but should the case go to trial, details of their wealth will be laid bare to the public.
It is no longer shocking to hear that leaders of states that have engaged in alleged human rights abuses are unable to travel abroad without fear of arrest, indictment, and prosecution. Several senior level George W. Bush administration officials, including President Bush himself, have been the targets of international legal efforts at prosecution due to human rights abuses perpetrated in Iraq, Afghanistan, and Guantanamo Bay. The former foreign minister of Israel, Tzipi Livni, has had to cancel numerous trips to the United Kingdom because of efforts to hold her legally accountable for Israel’s wholesale massacre of hundreds of Palestinians civilians from December 2008 through January 2009. Once one of the most powerful men in the world, Henry Kissinger is no longer able to travel internationally because of similar trepidation. This is, however, a recent phenomenon in international politics. While the Nuremberg trials are perhaps the first such efforts to hold leaders individually and criminally accountable for human rights abuses, such prosecutions have only taken a more frequent and salient role in international politics since the 1970’s when they were first employed by Greece and Portugal. Indeed, as a generally accepted normative concept, the notion that individual leaders should be held criminally responsible for human rights abuses is an evolving phenomenon that has only been recently institutionalized and instantiated internationally by the 1998 Rome Statue of the International Criminal Court. Yet, the “justice norm” and the ICC itself remain problematic, as major powers are reluctant to fully compromise the sovereign immunity of their leaders.
Vienna also left me literally cold, by the way, as the weather, she was crap. Windy, cold, wet and just not what you want to be out in. The snow kept falling from the imposing rooflines and splatting me on the kopf. That hurts!
Angela Ihegbro told The Sun newspaper: “Nmachi’s colour doesn’t matter. She’s a miracle baby. But still, what on earth happened here?”
Here are the rules to the hop:
I've been fortunate to sample a couple of Beltane's beers in the past, which I thought were great examples of the Belgian-style brewing. Can't wait to check the new place out.
What do those statements have to do with eyesight?
It’s a must try venue.
As Nick Heidfeld made a pit stop at the Hungarian GP, there was a problem with one of his wheel nuts. This kept the car stationery for an extra 10-12 seconds. In readiness to leave the pit, Heidfeld kept the engine pegged at maximum revs. This extra delay was enough for the exhaust to start to overheat the surrounding bodywork. Without the usual pit fans blowing air over the bodywork, the carbon fibre soon started to smoke and then caught fire. Heidfeld was then released from the pit, as the wheel nut was properly fastened. Sparks were being blown from the car as he sped down the pitlane, this was the action of the exhaust blowing the fragments of the burning carbon fibre bodywork and not electrical sparks as some have speculated. The airflow over the bodywork only fed the flames and by the time he was at the pit lane exit his sidepod was well alight. As it was the bodywork itself that was on fire, the flames were on the outside of the sidepod and looked perhaps more alarming than was actually the case. Bodywork fires are not uncommon and teams have well rehearsed drills to meet the car in the pitlane with the pit fans and a precautionary fire extinguisher. Although it’s fair to say these sorts of fires are normally prevented by detail work to the shape and heat shielding of components early in the cars testing. Particularly around the exhaust which is the greatest source of heat within the sidepod. This year’s unusually long faired-in exhausts contribute a greater risk and the Forward exhaust exit (FEE) of the Renault only adds to the proximity of the exhaust to bodywork. With more conventional exhaust blown diffusers (EBDs), the exhausts are run along the floor to ahead of the rear tyre; these are slightly easier to manage. Additionally the heat shielded ducting for the Renault FEE, also provide a route for flames to exit out of the front of the sidepod, making the flames in closer proximity to the driver. This isn’t to say the Renault FEE is inherently unsafe. Any F1 cars bodywork left to overheat will see the flames rapidly spread across the skin of the cars sidepod bodywork.
Sheesh...a week to go and I'm no where near prepared for SXSW this year.
Mini System Test 3
I love Steve - er, Dan. I mean, Michael Scott. Whoever. Whomever. He's great and I love him. This movie is flawless and the perfect mix of sweet and serious and hysterically funny. Ah, Pig-Face Draper and the Murderer of Love. That'd be a great name for a band actually.
I have studied the intricacies of the Liberal Democrats for some time, and there many fascinating questions which still remain unanswered. Indeed, when we consider the dramatic changes which lie ahead and realise that events beyond their control will force them to reassess the very fundamentals of their beliefs and the principles which they have based their whole existence on, there is only one thing we can be really sure of.
Jeans, daisy fuentes - Goodwill (A bit long, but that is my deal at 5'4")
So to some of the guys out there who haven't yet learned the art of communication with a gal, here's a simple test: You might be single if you've ever said...
My friend Scott Derrick was quite a character. He had kind, joyful, and sarcastically-playful way about him. We met at a birthday party for a mutual friend (way back in 1974), and we hit it off well.
And looking back now
Travel
... i've used all supplies from my stash and chose to use the October Afternoon line of papers - I have a few paper pads around and thought this would be a great way to use them up. So whilst it won't entirely focus on Christmas, it will have little bits added in between. It will also be about the events that have happened in this festive month and other little happenings along the way...
There are times I don’t even know what I’ve accomplished until a nice librarian tells me, which is a really lovely thing. Certainly writers and illustrators add all sorts of unintentional dimensions to our work and if someone wants to give me credit for their brilliant observation, well I’m all for that!
Legendary models of the postwar era, the Mercedes was 600, a large sedan, which was also known as “Adenauer Mercedes gebrauchtwagen”, or the elegant and sporty convertible Mercedes 300 SEL. Mercedes has always been considered a guarantor of high quality cars that were in demand because of their high durability, not only as new cars, but also as a used car lot. The 190s, which was introduced in late 1982, marked a new beginning in the strategy of the company. Henceforth, the offer has been extended downwards, not to everyone’s delight.
In case you're not sure what a CSA is, it stands for Community Supported Agriculture. It's the idea that a group of people will "subscribe" to a small farm and pay them for a share of whatever that farm produces on a monthly, quarterly, or yearly basis. Most CSAs provide vegetables, and sometimes meat, but Essex Farm produces its own flour, grains, three kinds of meat, over fifty kinds of vegetables, eggs, milk, and even soap!
Time was, Americans considered a chicken enchilada combo plate (with rice and beans) solidly Mexican. Then along came Diana Kennedy’s 1972 The Cuisines of Mexico, a book that raised Americans’ understanding of, and appreciation for, regional Mexican cookery. But in publishing it, she also dismissed our familiar Texas-style “mixed plates” as ersatz and debased Mexican, not worthy of our time and attention. After Kennedy, Tex-Mex was to real Mexican as ReaLemon was to an actual lemon.
Here's my recap, with outfits in order of songs:
And like the finest drills, it finally broke.
Did I miss something? Leave me a comment!
I have been THAT mom, the one who has pizza for breakfast, just cuz.
adapted from Bon Appetit
Okay enough Talk. On with the recipe
7) Acclimatize yourself to the altitude
These men do not just walk up to their opponents. Nay. They strut. These men are no shrinking violets. Never. They make fish faces at the heaving beast while waving a giant red banner in its face.
When coming up with ideas for the 2004 film I, Robot starring Will Smith, Rick inspired the character Del Spooner losing his left arm. As a child, I also watched The Million Dollar Man and Bionic Woman. The name “Del” was inspired by the Delphic Sibyl, a legendary figure who made prophecies in the sacred precinct of Apollo at Delphi.
Before I scat, I included what I ate this past weekend in hopes of helping you all make the best out of your situation during your next trip. Again, the following is not perfect, but if you K.I.S.S. and stick to meat and vegetables, you will arrive home in the same condition that you left.
So far this weekend has been good and I’m going to try and stay stress free until Monday! and graduation is so soon and i don’t know what to do with myself!!!
Dating Advice for Guys. Hey guys, what’s up? I’m Jet, and I’m Star and we’re the Wing Girls. And today, we’re gonna tell you how to be romantic. Okay, so about romance, you’re probably thinking romance moments. Like, I do what I need to do and that’s it. Yuck. Bad news flash, girls love romance.
Money, and specifically Thror's treasure, drives much of the plot of The Hobbit. When Thorin is captured by the forest elves, he refuses to state his business in the Mirkwood, fearing--with, we're led to believe, some justification--that their king will only release him in exchange for a share of the treasure. When Bilbo and the dwarfs escape the elves and arrive in Lake Town, the people are overjoyed at the return of the king under the mountain, but the master of the town fears for his business ties with the forest king. Smaug is killed, with relatively little fuss and almost no input from our heroes, several chapters before the novel comes to an end, and what takes up these remaining chapters is a dispute over how to distribute his hoard: the people of Lake Town and the elves initially believe that Thorin is dead and march on the mountain to claim the treasure for themselves; when they discover that he is alive, they demand compensation for the destruction of Lake Town; Thorin refuses, and a tense and volatile siege follows. The further I read in The Hobbit, the clearer it became that the disconnect between it and The Lord of the Rings wasn't one of tone or complexity, but of subgenre. Tolkien, who is credited with inventing, or at least codifying, epic fantasy, wasn't practicing it here. Instead, The Hobbit reads like a very strange cross between sword & sorcery, whose characters are mercenaries rather than heroes, trying to make a buck rather than save the world, and the modern reaction to Tolkien's own conception of epic fantasy, which replaces honor, chivalry, and noble kings with messy political systems whose rulers are more concerned with accruing power and wealth than in triumphing over evil.
I thought this was kind of funny
The Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan claimed responsibility for a pair of suicide bombings on a Frontier Constabulary training center in Charsadda that left at least 80 dead in what the militant group said was in revenge for the “Abbottabad incident,” referring to the death of al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden (Reuters, AFP, AP, Dawn, NYT, Guardian, WSJ, Post). Pakistani police officials, however, were skeptical that the attack, the deadliest in Pakistan since November, was the work of the TTP, and suggested it may have been orchestrated by Omar Khalid’s group, which is currently fighting the Pakistani Army in Mohmand. At least 140 were wounded (BBC, CNN). Yesterday in Karachi, Pakistani police said they arrested four TTP militants who were also affiliated with a Punjabi Taliban group (DT, AFP). And a suspected U.S. drone strike in North Waziristan has just killed at least three (AP, AFP).
I am working hard on my jewelry website, Alexandra Amaro, and it never ceases to amaze me exactly how much freaking work goes into establishing and maintaining a good online presence.
but if you are willing, the results will be worth it.
It is a fact that most of us lack the courage to face the facts of life. That we do lack the courage to face the facts of life is the first brutal fact that we must face.
Don’t you realize this is legally impossible? Think of the EU, the Human Rights Act, the UN, the International blah blah blah blah blah…
I finished my yoga class at 7:30 AM, showered, and hopped in the car to drive to work. From my yoga studio, I get on I-5 and take it all the way to work. It has become one of my favourite parts of going to morning yoga classes.
daughter took for a portrait challenge at the local camera club.
How to raise the red flag on turnover? Finnegan suggest you have the Finance Department do a study that details that costs of losing employees. Once your executive team sees the loss in black and white, the issue should become a critical focus of the business.
And here’s the problem, and I have learned this about myself from past experience, once I start writing the next book I will want to edit and tweak the first. Then I will want to draft out the whole series – which may be a few years worth of writing. Then I’ll edit and make sure they all at least match and don’t contradict each other, so perhaps add another year.
Jarvis Sheffield, M.Ed. is owner & operator of TheDigitalBrothers.com, BlackScienceFictionSociety.com & BlackCommunityEntertainment.com. Visit him: http://www.blacksciencefictionsociety.com/profiles/blog/list?user=2stjwb1h216fd
90's white trash car calender pictures, underwater pictures. Mark and T play like crazy in the pool and me n Cass watch and smile as she spits water in his face.
the lineage
“THE wind was a torrent of darkness among the gusty trees,
All the darkness, but then there’s the brighter side of me
Then I get grateful. Grateful that I ave a partner who cares for me. Grateful that I get to stay inside and blog, do dishes, cuddle with the puppy. Grateful that the baby is growing healthy and strong inside me (why potentially mess that up?).
* Wabi Sabi for Writers, by Richard Powell, Adams Media.
So why ink the edges of your card in the first place? Well, it can help to create definition; it will mask an imperfect edges and it can be a cheaper way of creating a matting and layering effect without using your precious and expensive paper.
And this is part of what I love in the best leaders I've danced with, in the States or in Argentina: Their attentiveness, sensitivity, and adaptability in the face of challenging and changing floor conditions--even the ones I help create! Their kindness and humor just as much as their skillful dancing.
There was a moment we both wondered if this would ruin our night. It had already been such a fantastic day -- we'd arrived in Paris just before noon and had time to stroll around this brand new city before settling into a hotel that was even better than we'd imagined. We'd spent the afternoon wandering -- every street a wonder of beauty and history that was overwhelming in scope.
Heaven knows I’m Miserable Now – The Smiths (1984)
Drawing inspiration from both the Oz books written by L. Frank Baum and the film starring Judy Garland, Maguire weaves a dark and intriguing tale that follows the life of Elphaba. Elphaba, who’s name is derived from the initials of L. Frank Baum, was born with green skin and sharp teeth. When she goes to school at Shiz University she is assigned to be roommates with the rich and popular Galinda. In spite of a rough start, Elphaba is able to make some friends, but she also becomes embroiled in the fierce political debate over Animal rights. It is this political activism that makes her an enemy of the Wizard and leads to her eventual demise.
The owner of the software can then send messages to the phone in question, telling it to carry out a range of tasks such as taking a picture with the camera, sending emails, or even calling specific phone numbers. The criminal can also get all the information it has collected on the infected phone, instruct it to be put into a zip file and uploaded to an online account.
topping mixed with 1 tablespoon maple syrup.
—The Fool of the World and the Flying Ship, retold by Arthur Ransome and illustrated by Uri Shulevitz; the Caldecott winner in 1969—wise fool Ivan knows about kindness, loyalty, and friendship, so he gains a flying ship and defeats a duplicitous king to win the hand of a princess.
Today's Stats
Goal: Create the frame and panel structures for each page.
We had some awesome, wicked enteries for our Oh So Spring Challenge, it was fun to peruse your blogs & drool over all of your creations. First things first.........
Anyway, the class consisted mostly by an introduction to Archaeology and archaeological findings related to the Islamic conquest of greater Syria, and especially Jerusalem, as well as a definition of various terms and names. These names and terms seem to need an explanation before I continue, since I most likely will take use of them in other posts connected to the subject.
1/2 cup butter, melted
Wednesday October 3
All this Arabic markings crap. They all know they are swords. My source says that some flights will only make $20.00 (why they like carry on dogs) and this could cause many to not fly and hurt business.
1296 *D-IV/9/1998. “The Natural Right Component of American Law: Swift v. Tyson Revisited.” Law Panels, Annual Convention, American Culture Association, Orlando, Florida. (Incorporated in Item C-1999(7), above.)
Massachusetts – The Square Root of Murder by Ada Madison
C. Nillitee
Fools Rush In Where Angels Fear to Tread
Angie's recent post on self-compassion gave me a lot of food for thought. It's an incredibly rich piece - deep and meaty as Angie's writing is and I've only really scratched the surface of what she is saying but it has made me think. As has the renaissance of new and fragile faith in me. I have missed it, I'm simply not cut out to be an atheist or even an agnostic but it has been a slow and painful journey to this place. A place where I sit with the doubts and my certainties and it's okay, it works and I find peace there. The two together have left me reflecting on the relationships I destroyed when my baby died.
On the subject - Badger's competitor in the war against the likes of 'Crabbies', this is one of those novel takes on the classic soft drink. In fairness, they don't pitch this product in nearly the same way, but the ultimate effect is not a zillion miles away.
I know Marty Klein can do these things because he has done them all over the world.
Like those who, scatter'd far, perchance deplore,
Reviewed By: Seth
Keep posting links to my new site. Every time I do, our traffic spikes, so you all must want to read what I'm posting.
Other books I have read over the past couple of years that I highly recommend are:
And sorry for the long absence.
For those in foreign countries you can translate this into your native language and send it to your friends to include them. Just try and stay as close and true as you can to the meaning of this information. You can leave out the testimonials in your translation.
Second, a sample of confessional material from the 50′s and 60′s CE, as collected from Paul. (For the complete list of Paul’s — and others’ — citations, see part 3 of this series.)
Between our buildings, and within the spaces themselves, is an unrelenting intensity at play between Dark Space and Light Space. However, if Dark Space is readily accepted as being as crucial to architecture and design as Light Space, addressing the benefits of both (as well as their pitfalls), it becomes a valuable use of their symbiotic spatiality.
The finished book, my first one, made from 5 tissue rolls plus the front and back covers which are from a paper towel roll. I used cardstock and printed paper and a couple of paper embellies from CTMH, odds and ends of lace, ribbon, pearls, SU rub-ons and a couple of metal embellishments from my stash, the front and back have beautiful velvet paper.
The movie was watchable as 70′s science fiction movies go, but it was far from being a great movie. The special effects were overly simplistic and not done very well for the technology available and being used at the time. Most of the dialogue was poorly written and in some instances by the performer’s acting skills. As far as dystopian stories goes, it does a passable job, but could have something so much better than how it turned out. I will be checking out the story the movie is based on and look forward to the rumored re-make, but will not watch this version again. My rating for this movie is a 2.75 out of 5.
For example, to protect jobs in troubled companies the rules need to change about layoffs. When a company is floundering, the Board should take a pay cut, and continue to do so until their either reach the salary of the next rung down, or they solve the problem. If the problem isn’t solved they are the senior management must again reduce their salary and so on. If, by the time the Board is being paid minimum wage, the problem is not solved, the Board is automatically fired and the next most senior person takes their place. Again, this keeps going until there is no-one left, ensuring that a) the people that do the work stay in work for the longest and b) the majority keep jobs, rather than the minority at the top.
Blood has a short shelf-life, and cannot be stored up for disasters. The best way to be prepared for both every day need and unexpected events is to reach out to donors and find a way to engage more of the public in regular blood donation.
Now a little cold or rain
Valentine's Day. Rather more manic than romantic for us this year....
The Vlog brothers have helped develop several online memes such as Nerdfighteria and the term DFTBA which is an encouraging catchphrase that they have printed on t-shirts and other merchandise. The Vlog Brothers recently increased their online presence even more by setting up a forum joking called 'Your Pants'. This has lead to much humour in their videos as they will often say things such as "More can be found in a thread in Your Pants" or "Look out for each other in Your Pants". The website was recently hacked so whilst repairs were being made to the website showed the error message "Oops Your Pants is down!"
Some of the trails in rain forest
1/2 cup of organic fresh fruit - bananas, raspberries, strawberries, peaches, blueberries, blackberries, cantaloupe - to name a few (mix it up by using several fruits to equal 1/2 cup)
b. July 24, 1725; d. December 21, 1807
All of us, or at least most of us….. ok, ok, I have had moments in my life where I’ve looked over the fence and saw that the grass was so much greener in someone else’s yard; at least from my view point. Have you ever been there?
Now, I don't consume much of the stuff, except when in Italy, because I rather not have any at all than have poor quality. This is NOT how books are like ice-cream, because I have to be reading something all the time, even if it's rubbish. Even if it's train time-tables or ketchup labels. There are lots of people like me - logophiles? Anyway, addicts of the written word (and the spoken, come to that).
This school, my house, and the park are the three elements that mainly make up my neighborhood. I still live in the same place, which is unfortunate because i like to travel, but that’s okay because i like my house. It’s small for the seven people who live in it, but it’s very comforting to me. I like being home just as much as travelling which is a bit contradictory. Travelling is really fun because though the neighborhood brings memories, it’s not very active. There aren’t a lot of fun people on my block nor and fun events that happen at the park except for during the Summer. Sometimes when walking in the park randomly at night, there might be a movie screening, or some fireworks which always brings a lot of people to come watch. The loud exploding of fireworks can be heard from anywhere in the neighborhood that I described. I didn’t like it very much at first because i couldn’t see the fireworks from my window, but eventually grew happy knowing that other people could. I smile when other people are happy.
Officially, the Slave Trade was abolished in the early nineteenth century. In reality it was universalised with the Jewish rulers becoming owners of the Goyim through the taxation system, and the twin evils of Finance-Capitalism and State-Socialism. Now more than ever, all non-Jews are in the pockets of the Zionist elite. Europeans have always been, and remain, victims of Jewish materialism.
Hail to He Whose Power Arcs Across the Sky–Rejoice! You are praised!
Candid photographs sprung up across the internet documenting groups of friends and their everyday style, able to remind us of the beauty of minimal make up and jeans and tees as well as a classic vintage party dress.
Tyra Mail! – Tomorrow you will be the centerpiece of attention! Fierce & Love, Tyra
When looking for a campsite, check with Federal and state agencies, as they have millions of acres available for horse camping and trail riding. These agencies include the National Forest Service, Bureau of Land Management, National Park Service, State Parks and even the Army Corps of Engineers. For a list of trails and campgrounds visit www.horseandmuletrails.com
Magic accomplished!
raising taxes on millionaires
In this case you have to make a decision. If you are a risk taker with a “what the hell” kind of mindset and feel the girl may be shy (which doesn’t necessarily mean uninterested), then I say go for it. But if you aren’t sure or deep down feels that look away from you as you looked at her is a signal that she doesn’t wanna be bothered, then please do not try to force and interaction.
Hey everyone...great news here! The uber talented Linda Coughlin, of the Funkie Junkie is hosting a brand new challenge blog called Frilly and Funkie! It is aimed at those of us who love Grunge, who love Vintage, who love Shabby Chic, and who love Punk! And can you believe this? Linda has asked me to be on the Funkie part of the Design Team! I am so stoked, honored, and humbled!
So I've been doing my horror movie homework lately: the first two Friday the 13th movies and the first Nightmare on Elm Street. I'd've hit up the Halloween series, too, but the first movie is gone from Netflix insty and H2O sequel is...quite, quite dreadful. I watched it out of desperation on cable once when I was sick. Even my massive childhood crush on Jamie Lee Curtis couldn't make it good; it only made it watchable.
Love is thinking for me
—Don DeLillo
“I do not think that the idea of your son being with a stranger for ten days worry you , but the thought of not being needed anymore worries you more, ” told my bald friend. I told him that was not true. He replied with a confident laugh in which he said, ” You must have forgotten that I can see through you. “
but you all know how hard it is to photograph things
When I look down the road--two weeks from now when my book goes on sale--what I hope is that people will read my book. Lots of people. I'm hoping, hoping, hoping that it will catch on--that I'll rise in the ranks and word of mouth will spread about this little known YA author and her debut novel. I hope it does well--I believe it CAN do well. However, no matter how hard I try, I can't look down that road and see a fat paycheck in my future. Nope. It just isn't there for me. Perhaps that will change in time...maybe I will eventually focus on the sales/non-sales and the duckets they're earning me. For now, I'm just totally friggin' jazzed about the idea of people reading MY book. For me to gain an audience that just might want to read another.
Mix together the Nuttelex, treacle and sugar. Mix the dry ingredients together then add to the Nuttelex mixture, combine well.
Are the different bodies necessary? I think if they just put the dress on the man’s body, and angled his arms out, he could pass as a woman.
“A powerful and dangerous late-spring storm system will develop across the central and southern Plains today as an upper level system and a parade of supporting upper level disturbances advance out of the Intermountain West. The result will be strengthening low pressure over Kansas by this afternoon and evening that will then move slowly but steadily eastward toward Missouri by later Wednesday. The storm system will be accompanied by a classic dryline signature across the southern Plains with a strong frontal zone that will stretch across the Midwest and well to the East into the Northeast.” National Weather Service (NWS) reported.
Our first of three guest writers to show us how it is done is Sarah Hina.
Paul: Iuz has to go away. The fact that there is a 998 CY and a University of Rel Mord is evidence enough of that. In the long run, Iuz is only going to get more powerful. The Oerth is his home plane and given the number of former mortals who seem to attain godhood, it's only a matter of time before he attains full godhood. Worse still, through his actions, he could become a vehicle by which Tharizdun returns. I always had the idea that the Oerth was so important because it was the keystone of Tharizdun's prison; put that keystone in Iuz's hands and, well, it's probably not going to end well.
Sooo... not much decorating, but I'm enjoying what little we do have. I love having the tree lit up at night. If only I could take some better pictures of it. Does anyone have any tree photographing tips? =)
Numbers of people feel very discomfited by the current debate.
Most girls don’t want to be pretty anymore even if they understand what it is. It is ironic that 40 years of women’s liberation has succeeded only in turning women into a commodity. Something to be used up and thrown out.
Sir Gigglebee the Bold brandished his sword and charged Sir Lame of Nowhere.
What do you want to say about Existence?
Little man, who will be 6 years old by end March (are you one of those who read my blog since he was 11 months old?) well, he is now in Y1 and unfortunately struggeling quite a bit. Just today we were at the GP to get a referral to a Pedeatrician to run some tests. Seems big class situations and socialising is a bit of a chore for him and he gets in trouble for pushing or hitting or not being very patient. Not a too biggy as yet, the school is really great and supportive and we are all working together to see what makes him tick :-)
I was shocked to be out on the beach with some friends near midnight, when we came across three 13 year old girls wandering the beaches! Their families were visiting the area for Spring Break, and the girls decided to go out late at night to mingle with the crowds. Bad idea! Really, where the hell were their parents? My female friends tried to gently tell the young teens to head back to their hotel, where it was probably safer. And we walked them to their hotel, which was about 2 miles from where we we met these kids! I have to say, I was appalled that their parents would even let them out this late! 13 year old girls have no business wandering strange beaches at night, where drunk college kids and trouble makers roam and party, doing some pretty adult things.
If you were me what would you do? Would you engage with Betty or leave it at these questions?
Sooo wat funny things have i seen i hear you ask.....well lets see......
:: First published in Big Issue Cymru.
Last I add the flecks of white back in with my Opaque White and a fine paintbrush. Again, gold is very shiny so I can get away with lots of glints of light. You can really show how bright the gold is by covering up small specks of the top coin edge with white. I like to add light to the edge closest to the light, a point about a third of the way around, and a spot just inside the far edge of each coin (this shows a faint inner rim catching light). In hindsight, I think I still needed more white on these little coins.
MAC Brown Down in the outer part of my crease
Saarah, sounding unbelievably genuine in her response: “Because I’m tired and I want a nap.”
Agamemnon is a watchdog, a forestay, a pillar. His appearance is like the sight of land to sailors who had given up hope, the dawn after a storm, a stream. His return is like that of an “only-begotten son of a father,” upon whom all the family’s happiness depends. These are certainly metaphorical comparisons, and not to be taken literally. And they are deliberately extravagant. In his response, Agamemnon even objects to the words of her “wide-mouthed, extravagant exclaim” as a deification which will bring upon him the jealous anger of the gods. In this ironic way Aeschylus foreshadows and sets in motion the tragic fate of Agamemnon. Longenecker ignores the context and misses the point. He treats the μονογενες τεκνον πατρι literalistically, as if it were some matter-of-fact statement about Agamemnon’s family.
Why I chose this book: I've read them all.
In my husband's closet (we just call it his closet but let's be honest, only half of it is really his) I have two hangers full of scarves. Most have been gifts, but a few I actually purchased on my own. I love scarves, but for some reason or another, I hardly ever wear them. One day, a few weeks back, we had a string of colder days so I decided it was a good opportunity to wear a scarf. I was trying to come up with an outfit where I could actually leave the scarf on all day...not just wear it when I was outside. This is what I came up with:
But that would be too easy wouldn’t it? If everything went to plan? My baby had developed swelling in a gland under her right ear during the day on the Sunday which had become increasingly worse during the night. I willed the nurses not too see it or question her too closely. I knew she was in pain but I wanted the operation to be over. It was selfish and in the end pointless. The anaesthetist noticed the swelling as we waited to go into the theatre and called an ENT to have a look. He diagnosed an acute inflammation of the salivary gland. The surgery was summarily cancelled. Damn you all, we were so close. Donna cried in pain, I cried in anger, in frustration and again, because I was guilty of being a bad mother. I just wanted it to be over… Instead we went home, antibiotic and cortisone in tow, to go right back to square one.
Therefore, this is my obligatory Divine Reserve Post:
My best guess is that zombies eat based on instinct, not dining pleasure.
Matilda
*“How Do I Wrap Up My Heart For Christmas”
Eugene Clark, 47, New York, N.Y.
Anyways, when I do get around to reviewing BR I will be keeping HG out of it. I personally do see many of the similarities presented in both works; however, they both shine in their own ways and I want each one of them to soak up the praises without the other one taking away some of the glory.
"Where am I?"
03 Send His Love to Me
Whilst breathing deeply.
After a bathroom remodel I needed a new piece of artwork for the now newly painted walls and I didn’t want to spend a fortune for a piece of art. So of course I was just starting to get the pinterest thing. I was like huh I just pinned something that would look great in my bathroom. A totally easy looking silhouette canvas. Here’s where I got the idea from http://tatertotsandjello.com/2011/07/summer-social-guest-project-make-mod.html . It is super easy and It looks professionally done. Who knew the most unartistic person could be an artist.
Waiting on Le Boulevard de Clichy for this little train
One of the first things that impressed me was how many sales reps there were. HarperCollins alone had four, just for SW London (one for fiction, another for children's, one for general non-fiction, plus a dedicated rep for maps and reference), whilst most of the other major publishers had at least two.
Me: "The government?"
Well, because hey, I’m ahead of where I need to be. Bad, because it’s given me the chance to slack off and nurse this cold that’s been hounding me all week. I needed the sleep and to be left undisturbed for a while. But I DID want to spend today writing. I’d expected to get at least two posts in (though that was the optimistic “If I don’t waste today”). Instead it looks like I’ll be lucky to get one. I need to go fetch some dinner and then afterwards I can see about getting some writing done. But I’ll have to be satisfied with one post instead of two.
I was my Daddy's first-born little girl, and I was only eight months old when he was called to serve in World War II. He sent gifts--a little Scottish wool tam that I still have, and a china doll for which my mother sewed a bridal dress closely resembling the one she had worn just a few years before (still have the doll and dress, too). Eventually there would be six of us siblings (two girls and four boys), and he loved us all, but for the first three years of my life I was His Little Girl and I knew he loved me best. I think that's a special gift that many first-borns enjoy without ever realizing it.
Talking, kissing, catching up on the events
8 Kennedy Rag
I'm planning to get my morning and afternoon naps in either out on
1. I have posted before about my love of gallery walls. The main reason I specifically love ours is because it's filled with so much love and so many great memories. Everytime I walk by it on my way in/out of the Chouse... it def makes me smile.
And reaches to the lowest hell;
13 Blue Spotted Tail
And I want to be the one offering wisdom, and perspective, and hope. I want to be the one with answers. But brokenness pursues and wraps it's bitter grasp around us all. It's woefully embarrassing to be the one face-down in the cold. But the words of a friend, the words of truth, help us discern what is real and where we've been deceived. Yes, they reach down and give us perspective, reminding us of the hope found in forgiveness.
It is flourishing in other parts of the world as well.
In no way is his behaviour comparable with that of us gorillas, who fart considerately in the open air, and direct our discharges so as to minimise the risk of passive fart inhalation by innocent bystanders (a category which excludes baboons and snakes, who are never innocent). With such issues in mind, I sent the following reply to the presumptuous lawyer:
Now, the year is 2041, and the investigation that began with the election of President Ryman is much bigger than anyone had assumed. With too much left to do and not much time left to do it in, the surviving staff of After the End Times must face mad scientists, zombie bears, rogue government agencies-and if there's one thing they know is true in post-zombie America, it's this:
I think I will use at least one watch cases and the Nails at "Art Is You " as for the rest of the stuff .... Ahhh the Ideas swirling round in my head .....
I guess what I've learned from this is 'never say never'. You can even be published a year or two after you've submitted something.
Pace: 12 ; Parry: 4 ; Toughness: 6
during that time, i walked around the store in a haze, like in the movies when everything is blurry and kind of slow motion because all i could hear was her screaming.
to that little
All too soon it was over and I went outside, put on my tour jacket and slowly cooled down as we chatted to friends. It was a great evening. Both bands sounded great and the hundred or so people who packed into this tiny club had an evening to remember.
ROSIE'S SETBACKS
3. I finally have a warm place to raise bread, culture yogurt, or start sourdough!
I have a hard time saying no to taking on work from clients,
“Yeah. What do you have in mind?”
The Biennial was totally in your face and political. And it had all those categories of political war art gushing out of every orifice. But here is the real disservice and travesty:
Bluetooth in galore shipway jazz contributed more in connecting human systems without existence bothered by the bulk of the cables and wires.
The agency’s move to exclude online information comes a year after Mr. Coburn used material he found online to challenge the disability finding of Stanley Thornton Jr., a man who lives part time as an adult baby.
If after all that, you are STILL interested (and I hope you are!), shoot me a message and we'll chat.
Adults don’t think children will remember episodes of their childhood, or they don’t think they digest conversations. I remember every event that has happened to me since I was perhaps 3, every conversation word for word. My siblings frequently awe when I bring up memories of the past to share. Anyways, recently my mom told me she’s beginning to grow a crush on my dad. Mazel tov.
At the start of the book Riddley doesn’t allow himself to respond to his father’s death, but as the action progresses he changes allegiance to various men, such as Goodparley, Belnot Phist and Lissener. Is this about Riddley coming to terms with his father’s death? “The death of Brooder Walker has a profound effect on Riddley – he’s seething inside and is just about ready to go, when he digs up the Punch puppet and hauls Belnot Phist over the fence.” Self gets up to read this passage in his “absolutely immaculate” future Kentish accent:
Lectionary, Scripture Study and Worship Links and Resources (Year C Activities)
So what was the point of this? Presumably to get the "human angle". It's another indication of the relentless tabloidisation of the BBC. Instead of being content to report the news authoritatively, we have to suffer the vacuous follow-up, itself longer than the original item, which reveals precisely nothing about the incident, because the interviewee knows nothing.
True story here. I had been having a hard time. I had not been in the best of moods, but while less than communicative, had been doing what I was supposed to do.
Ironically, Mr Grundlingh is one of the sponsors who make a monthly contribution to the police station to ensure that regular safety patrols are held.
The realise of the film “The great Gatsby” came into play on the runway with tassel trimmings, lavish feathered designs and beautiful beading,
One in Tashkent and the other in Istanbul.
A UK Government is democratically elected to look after the best interests of the nation and of its citizens, not to abuse and persecute the sick in favour of foreign corporate profits by imposing the “biopsychosocial model” that is promoted by UK psychiatrists who have vested financial interests in such a “model” because they work for the health insurance industry, whose profits benefit from its use.
“The six and a half hours of audio I had proved that my son wasn’t hitting the teacher because there was something wrong with him — he was lashing out because he was being mocked, mistreated and humiliated,” Chaifetz writes on his website, No More Teacher/Bully. “His outbursts were his way of expressing that he was being emotionally hurt at school.”
I am not a prophetess, but I am a Christian and a 40+ year student of the Bible. And I’ve spent 20+ years as a researcher/writer regarding the history of religious deception and false prophecies. Based on all that I can confidently predict this—there will be NO Rapture on May 21. And on May 22 there will be a lot of people needing to figure out how to get their lives out of the mess they have put them in because of this damned, ungodly, unbiblical foolishness.
Many on the tour didn't understand, at first, that the men who will be housed in the BDC will not have been yet convicted of the crime for which they were arrested.
I AM ACCEPTING SUSHI BOWL
This book is valuable reading for legal practitioners and academics in the field of information technologies and intellectual property law, economists interested in knowledge-economy business models and sociologists interested in internet and social networks".
God couldn’t tell Saul of Tarsus, in his unsaved state, how he was to be the Apostle of the Gentiles and would be committed the gospel of the grace of God. Not being spiritually minded he could not bear it. First things first; get him saved.
Galactic Alignment,
If you deserve to be with the one you love, then so does he.
brings creatures through snares.
‘I mean, you don’t want to go in there. It’s Trigger, he’s ... he’s ...’ He swallows an anguished cry, trying to keep his emotions in check.
Greek - I request you leave you go my fall of blow
Sorry I was not terribly inspired this week. If you have any wishes for a particular thing or size, ATC, tag, 8 x 8, 12 x 12 or whatever, just leave me a comment or email me.
And should you be one who's presently scorning reality when all the world seems to be singing, know that the Song is yours, too. And He rescues not only those weeping in the dark, but those painfully hiding in death's shadow and those who must be guided back to the path of peace. Guided back to that for which we were created.
Ref: Erin Mercer (2010) ‘Monstrous Identities: Critical realism and Gothic Fantasy in Maurice Gee’s The Fire-Raiser’ The Journal of Commonwealth Literature 45: 23-35
On a positive note…Well, at least I know the specifics of what I need to be working on …I should consider making these images my screen savers
When she was researching him the illustrator of Tales for Great Grandchildren, Daniela Jaglenka Terrazzini, had found this story of Chhepu’s creation. He is seen in his story, for the first time possibly, with a body. Daniela also studied his depiction in traditional paintings before adding her ‘little touch of rhinoceros.’ ‘The rhinoceros is an animal that I find incredibly fascinating in his strange mix of primordial, aggressive and cute at the same time,’ she says.
Investigations led police to Katlehong, where they arrested four of the suspects, recovered the car and seized four firearms.
At that point, Mike hastily stood up, looking at the front of the empty restaurant and saying “Yeah, I think I have heard of that, will you excuse me I think I–”
The classical ballet in this movie is lovely. There are some very ethereal effects for the time. Costumes are breathtaking. I feel that some of the issues that plague the dancers in this movie are less timely than the ones in The Turning Point, which is one reason that this movie is 2nd on the list.
Released April 26, 2012.
This is what I hope to do with grace in these sermons. Now, on to the four points.
You can massage the answer as you go, she adds: “Often once you get started, the rest of the answer flows.”
I am remixing the stereotypes paper. I want to remix the theme and take on the stereotype that baseball is a boring and slow game with no high adrenaline moments to make it exciting. I’m trying to convey the message that baseball does have intense moments and that it can be very high strung which is why I chose to show the fights.
TF2 has something called Quickplay, BF3 has something similar. I’ve written about Quickplay before, but essentially it’s the insta-join facility that you can use as a new player when you start up the game, directing you to Valve-approved servers where you can start playing. The WDG server has now been running the Valve-approved configuration for a few weeks now. Previous to this, we were finding that the server wasn’t filling. People would join briefly, see the server was more-or-less empty and leave, understandable, they wanted to play a good game of TF2 straight off, they didn’t have time to wait. Now we are getting players through. It still needs that core, but maybe after a couple of maps, people start to feed in, though the rate does vary, and the server fills, and stays full. We’ve checked the server status and currently it rates at
My son threw back his head in displeasure, letting out a sigh.
Bring on the relaxation! :)
Publisher: Tbnet house ltd
3/4 cup mayonnaise
Next in line is RAF02837 SWAT Sniper. His arms and rifle were separate castings and had to be glued in place. His sniper rifle is the 7.62mm Robar SR-60, which is built on the Remington 700 Sniper Rifle. He wears his baseball cap back to front so that the peak doesn't interfere with the scopesight.
We skipped all of the demonstrations / panels as seating was all out in the open with the sun directly overhead. It was difficult to enjoy the event overall as we felt overheated and dehydrated most of the day, between standing in long lines, weaving our way through crowds and trying to sample as much alcohol as we could handle to get our money's worth.
1/2 small medium red chilli, de-seeded and chopped finely
7. Tomb of Laleth. Most of this room is taken up by a octagonal platform. Three steps led up to the platform. The room is lit in an eerie blue fire by a single large brazier in the middle of the platform. Faint ghostly whispers can be heard throughout the tomb. Slowly Laleth the undead revenant of an ancient bard becomes visible. His translucent fingers hold a long, ornately carved flute. His cold lips produce twisted and malevolent sounds of some strange and dreadful enchantment, when four Songhaunts appear out of nowhere and attack while Laleth utters a terrible and blistering curse from the black dephts of his soul. During combat Laleth employs fear invoking sounds, deadly illusions, as well as soul shredding dirges capable of slaying the PC's where they stand. These effects can be countered by a bard. During combat Laleth also tries to possess a PC or NPC with the highest charisma to escape his prision. He tries to kill everybody else.
Book John for a full tour, or if you’ve already got the basics down, and you just want to paddle on your own you can even rent his kayaks out for your own use.
Ok...I've seen and heard too many times to count how someone finds their stuff either for sale somewhere or else it's being claimed as the work of another. Plagiarism BUGS me. Well, actually it simply ticks me off and brings to mind words that would cause a sailor on leave to blush.
That lead to the thought of throat cancer-a very real possibility, considering my smoking habits. Throat cancer would be my best option, I think. I could deal with that one.
I'm the same as the old ones expect that I'm free
The Exeter food and drink festival has increased its prices to a now unacceptable level, so while I did want to go I couldn't justify the expense. I did pick third place in the Grand National though, having put my annual £1 bet on, so I will collect my winnings on the way home from work tomorrow.
From the circulation figures, people who write for and read the Guardian and the Independent.
So with this in mind, I have thought about how I might go about blogging this year. There are heaps of challenges and new link ups to join and I am am a chronic not-wanting-to-miss-outer. You know the person who is last to leave the party, pub, club for fear of missing out on the best part of the night? Anyway I am limiting myself to a couple of longer term projects and I will probably be a bit more sporadic with my link ups.
1 feelings
The performances in In The Bedroom have that sort of hypnosis. They draw you in with little subtleties. The wandering eye-lines, stuttering dialog, and inconsistent intonations all serve to take the perception of intellect out of the action. Real people are impulsive. We rarely think about the little things we do. Any heavily rehearsed action is easily discernable because of how clean and deliberate it is.
Do you think the Tories know what they have done with this silly idea?
Postcard number four is from Alyona in Russia. It shows the Great Palace and the Great Cascade built between the years 1715 – 1724. She says “the palace is one of the most beautiful in Russia. It was founded by Tzar Peter the first”. I’m finding that I love Russian architecture! I’ve been lucky enough to get several postcards with Russian buildings on them and I have loved them all. Beautiful!
Ratchet babies are a rare breed of child raised but the most ratchety ratchets. Such a creature drinks a mixture of Baby Drank and Heroin for nutrients. This habit is started from birth to build up tolerance for the (short) life ahead of him/her. A ratchet laugh is usually high pitched, sometimes to a frequency most people over 40 cannot hear.
4 slices salami, sliced into small strips
Afghans do not see the Taliban as a nationalist movement based on the Pashtunwali code, but influenced by Deobandi madrassas in Pakistan. They are not even a unified group. Not even all Afghan Taliban call themselves Pashtun nationalists. Although they are predominately Pashtun, many among them are from other ethnic groups, particularly in Northern Afghanistan. Local insurgent groups have multiple motivations. Some join the resistance against the perceived foreign invaders, while others fight for local purposes, such as clan rivalries and personal interests. Then there are those who fight for money.
The night before last, in a rare moment of leisure, Dean Haskins’ story about the missing birth record of baby girl Virginia Sunahara caught my eye. http://www.birthersummit.org/news/73-was-baby-virginia-sunaharas-identity-stolen.html
Final Friends Trilogy by Christopher Pike--Just read these a week or two ago, still great.
You will not be able to find this kit at this price anywhere but at Flourishes, be sure to head on over and pick up your own kit. For only $13.50 you can't beat that price, and you get such a wonderful amount of http://shop.flourishes.org/123_Create_Kit_Pretty_in_Pink_p/card_kit_march.htm
Be alert NOW in Texas, Oklahoma, Kansas,and Missouri — these cells are either over you currently, or will be very shortly (1030pm CDT 4/30/2012 now).
It calls to mind the old saying 'You get what you vote for!'
4, Rape, especially with underage victim
Rachel Getting Married
“In God’s Country” and “Trip Through Your Wires” both have a strong 1960s feel to me. Whenever I hear these songs, my mind almost always flashes back to the memory of hearing Simon & Garfunkel’s “The Sound of Silence” (the single version, with the added electric guitar) on a portable record player at the pool in the downtown YWCA, where my mom used to take me swimming. I’m not entirely sure what it is, but there’s just some sense of brightness in the sound of these songs that I associate with that time.
I made a super delicious recipe this week from Skinny taste, you should check it out. It is so cheesy, bacony, yummy, and relatively simple to make. I enjoyed it as did my friend who is not on weight watchers. Also, you got 6 ounces of delicious, cheesy, bacon, chicken, for only 9 points. I paired it with some green beans for a supper easy dinner.
This week, I've been polishing and adding to the slides on my lectures and today I picked up the ingredients for two five-gallon batches of beer that we're brewing on Day 1. Both Tom and I have been talking with regional brewers to set up visits during Week 2.
What You Can Win:
Fireworks: Launch Purple Fireworks
Then, in small ways and then in large ones, things started going very wrong for everyone.
4. Hate to See You Go
Months go by and I hear it come up again. Suddenly all phone calls are taken outside away from me. He becomes distant and non verbal. I start to do some research on Freemasons. I asked my pastor for his opinion and I even went to a Christian counselor. Everywhere I have turned it’s been nothing but negative feedback. My counselor told me to pray hard for him. She has family members that are involved and it’s not something for a follower of God to be involved in. Now I’m really scared. All the people who I trust are fearful for The Mr. I tell him about my fears and what I have heard and read. He becomes angry and tells me this is something he is doing regardless. A few weeks later he tells me that the advice I gave him should not have come from me it should have come from his brotherhood. Excuse me but we have always trusted and counted on one another’s opinions.
Sir Allison (2009 dkb/br r by Roman Ruler o/o Silver Bullet Moon)
When was the last time a book REALLY resonated with you? The book that, rather than end up in last summer’s yard sale, is actually rubber-banded together because you’ve literally read it to pieces but can’t find a replacement copy? The one you can recite entire passages from? The one you recommend to everyone and their cousin?
But I fell in love with them. And I love this belt!
I have also enjoyed the wonderful posts for the giveaway and the ideas of how we can all help out this season.
But I did see the baby's gorgeous, unmistakeable profile. The stretching out of long fingers and the adorable heel of a foot. A real, boisterous baby moving every which way inside of me. And oh, would it be impossible for someone to stop themselves from falling head-over-heels.
Because there are those who still speak of loyalty
At the time of Owain’s death, the police were at pains to stress that his killing was not ‘racially motivated.’On no, a gang of Asian and mixed-race youths killing a white lad can never be racist.
annoying her
The awesomeness doesnt stop there! Check out the lyrics!
½ tsp. table salt
Marchenoir
The viewfinder is the device that allows to view the scene framed.
indicating that said first character believes that said first character has been wronged by a perpetrator;
Monica Huggett, artistic director and violin
*and if it involves spray paint it is considered a bonus in my eyes ;)
The Mission Council commits to helping build trust and community by
salt & pepper
These brain patterns have been linked to impulsive violence, but Meyer-Lindenberg cautions in his paper, ” …because our sample was psychiatrically normal, the variation observed is clearly compatible with normal mental health and does not imply or suggest increased risk for violence in our sample.”
When Little Miss Adorable was a newborn I tried to dress her in neutrals, but somehow pink snuck in. I resisted initially, complaining about drowning in a sea of pink when well-wishers bought countless little pink outfits. As the laundry piled up and I ran out of clean clothes for her I gave up, and started dressing her in pink. Then I argued that it improved her complexion and kept dressing her in pink. I tried offering just gender-neutral toys. Mr. Sensitive’s cars, trains and trucks were strewn across the floor. Little Miss Adorable found the one baby doll I bought for Mr. Sensitive (and that he rejected, but that’s another story). Little Miss Adorable cuddled that baby doll, wrapping it in a blanket, chatting to it. One baby doll led to a half dozen. Little Miss Adorable found the pink tutu I bought for Mr. Sensitive when he was in his princess-dancing phase. She wore it endlessly. It’s as though there is something deep inside of her that is drawn to girly stuff. I call it the Princess Gene. (I could also make a case for the Mommy Gene, but that is also another story.)
from around the way
Bring it.
If I do not take the time to take a long hard look at myself.
I have been trying to figure out for over a month why I liked Bier’s In a Better World so much when I was left nonplussed by After the Wedding. One possible reason is that I could easily identify myself with the incredibly real characters of the two 10-year old or so schoolboys and the peer pressure to agree to do certain morally wrong actions because you value more the friendships that you develop in school than ethics that you have adopted during your upbringing. Another possible reason I liked the film was the Gandhian parent who taught his children to develop moral strength rather than give in to bullies. A third reason was the underscoring of the effect of the absence of a mother on a growing child. A fourth possible reason I loved the film was the suggestion that seeds of terrorism can be easily be sown in the minds of youngsters when parents are separating or divorcing. A fifth likely reason was the awesome screen presence of the actor Mikael Presbrandt as the Gandhian father and a surgeon, who spends time in Africa providing medical care for victims of civil strife in an unspecified country, putting his Hippocratic oath above all other values and his conscience—at least for some time.
In a letter dated November 10, 1958, Steinbeck gives his son Thom some inspirational advice on love. Without reading Thom's letter, it seems like he was questioning if love he was feeling was real, and if he should tell his intended.
Senator Bob Carr echoed an offer from his New Zealand counterpart, Murray McCully, to lift travel bans for civilians who take on government roles at present held by military personnel.
Art requires that he who practises it should be immolated to art, should become other, not another, not transformed from the human being he was into the artist with artistic duties, satisfactions and interests, but into nobody, the empty animated space where art’s summons is heard. What must a writer do in order to inhabit this space? If we search these letters in the hope of finding Beckett’s secret, we betray our admiration and need. The question assumes the mastery it must divest to discern an answer. One of the final letters in this volume is to a young writer seeking guidance and consolation from a writer he revered: “Don't lose heart” he tells Robert Pinget, “plug yourself into despair and sing it for us.”
Elsewhere, consumers who believed that Nutella was nutritious have won a $3.05 million lawsuit, the highest award ever paid to morons.
Here's one from today...
This song is off the 2002 album “Prism” and is about the 9/11/01 terrorist attacks. I can’t believe it has been over 10 years since that day – I still remember it so clearly. The lyrics (shown below) are very powerful, so I’ll warn you right now – you may get a little teary-eyed while listening. Enjoy!
Lee Hazlewood & Nancy Sinatra - Fairy Tales & Fantasies: The Best of Lee and Nancy - 1989
Living in the far flung northern reaches of the British Isles, we have grown rather used to being excluded from many of the interesting things that happen in the UK, but not today!
And I credit that awesome pool with helping me to relax that last little bit and take me into the final stretch of transition, because then things became Unmanageable. I'll be honest, I kind of lost it. I vocalized through some, swore through others, and pleaded/cried through the rest. A few I swear I had an out-of-body experience that made me stare at a spot on the wall and I think I believed that I was, in fact, dying. I did get rechecked at 2pm and was 7cm and now +1 station! Progress!
12 fluid ounces beer, room temperature
for hours through the last of day and the night,
Fitting in with the crowd can be a big issue with girls growing up. It's hard being an outsider, and like many girls, Nicole will do almost anything to try and fit in. This is only half of the story though. Her worries has a small effect on the friendship circle she belongs to at Silver Spire, but the more important issue is her friendship with the new Italian student, Antonia. Well, there's actually a lack of friendship, and a bit of hostility which really bothers Nicole. When everything comes to a head, I was crying over the book. How the two girls sorted out their issues was touching, and a really good idea. I cried again at the end when all the friends discussed what had happened. It's a fine demonstration about how you can really misjudge a person.
Unhappiness can go viral…..QUICKLY!!
Congratulations to our winners, please contact us at challenges@easycraftprojects.net to claim your prizes.
these characters are not cynics, nor are they pessimists (who can be spiteful). They simply feel suffering and expect to have to endure. They feel a certain gloom about their prospects and lament the deterioration of the situation, but they are extremely grateful when things turn out well.
Different companions provide different bonuses to crew skills. Tables below show only the skills relevant to the class - the omitted skills don't have any bonuses anyway.
*The photograph is of a clay mask that was created as a demonstration while working with children in 1994.
What are your thoughts on the new material?
Pour banana cream pudding into graham cracker crust. Then top with coconut cream pudding. Refrigerate until serving.
For now, we will try to catch up on some pictures from last weekend. I feel like I am still in my infancy when it comes to learning photography, but I am totally hooked and don't want to do anything else (other than spend time with my family).
Crackers seem intimidating, but they are SUPER easy. The only thing you have to be careful is to watch them in the oven. This is not a walk-away kind of baking. Luckily, the short baking time means you really didn’t have a chance to go anywhere anyway.
plump and nutty,
Thank you, Rick and Maria, for another fun and beautiful tangle. Thanks, Laura, for keeping the challenge fires burning!
Seven girls and five-item lists. Seven girls and once every seven days. Seven girls and seven worlds. Seven girls and one solution to keep them together. This is summer and it has found its match. This is fiveplease.
1- 4 1/8" by 5 1/2" pc of paper (multi color hexagone print above) and attach to the inside of the card
The Third Doctor, Jo Grant and UNIT become involved in a green movement – in more ways than one – in a Welsh mining village. Giant maggots, toxic chemical waste, an insane super computer, a rather tasty fungus, and angry Welshmen – 1973's THE GREEN DEATH takes its turn under the microscope in THE FACT OF FICTION.
I swear I pulled muscles in my leg and back last night during a softball scrimmage…I’ll attribute that to a poor warm-up / stretch beforehand…stupid!
If you purchase a fish whole, you can also save money than if you just bought fillets. But, you really only gain savings if you know how to properly cut and slice up a whole fish. That does take some skill but you can find some good books to help you in that regard, or try taking a cooking class on fish preparation. If you are clueless, then buying a whole fish won't end up being less expensive. You will also need to use all of the whole fish, from head to bones, to extend the value of the fish. Take the time to learn these skills and your seafood will be much cheaper.
This year we walked over to the area with the type of trees we love, which just happened to be next to the entrance, and walked about 20 feet and I hear. Wow, look at that one! Let me tell you it was like God was saying.....Here have an easy year Juli. And you know what... Thank you Lord. It was quick. The kids loved it and we got an awesome tree. I did however fall down walking back trying to hold Ana and the branches that Ben cut off the bottom of the tree because I "needed" to have them. Oh and when I fell there was of course other people right there...ughhhh oh well we had a tree!!!
The Handsome Family
Whimpsy Shapeology Dies - Bottle Cap Die
xoxoxxoo
If I’m free I’ll be your guinea pig. I’ll give feed back. Just take risks dammit!
Please help all the good guys.
Below are some snapshots taken of the children in the classroom during the month of February:
Consider the situation of having a friend that you knew had an addiction to morphine. This friend may have his/her life held together really well despite the addiction. However if you were to visit your friend on a day to have them act like a huge asshole to you only to apologise later saying ‘I am really sorry, I just haven’t had a hit of morphine for a few days and I feel like shit,’ you are probably not going to forget about it and act as if nothing ever happened.
It's christmas morning, there is a beautiful layer of white powder on the ground and I couldn't feel more cheerful. This is the time of the year to cherish you loved ones and appreciate what you have, no matter how much or how little it may be. Learn to be grateful, because there is always someone who is worse off than you. Don't dwell on the negative or be upset that you didn't get the gift you wanted. The simple things in life are always the best. Material possessions mean nothing if you have no one to enjoy them with. So go out and live life in the moment. I don't know about you guys, but I'm going to go grab a trash can lid and do some hobo sledding.
Spokeswoman Patricia Ferguson said:
Day 6: How do you answer the question of how many children you have?
Forgive me y'all, but I'm a little shaken right now.
Looking more closely at this scripture, it’s more of a love issue than a money issue. Where we set our affections will either be our victory or our demise. It’s up to us.
His face forever to behold
The kind words.... even on the bad days, when all he might be able to string together was: "Thank You"...... he got 'em out.......
so I wanted to share my menu with you,
He told BBC Radio Four's Today programme today that his views in the past on nuclear energy had been “much misunderstood”.
River Island’s Spring/Summer collection is full of the retro American spirit, which I can’t stop gushing about!
3. If standing near a transdimensional vortex is unavoidable (and sometimes that is the case), then whenever possible set up safety handrails and proper safety gates. Further protect yourself by strapping yourself securely to something weighty and secure in our dimension with a safety harness. At the very least, tie a rope around your waist.
Cindy, Shell, Leslie and Julie
so today when i sit down to dinner and raise my glass in toast
In fact, if we enter the shooting menu while in automatic mode we'll notice that some options, among which the white balance, can't be changed.
I could sleep while it snows,
“Your right, with the election coming up I’m too busy any way,” Judy couldn’t help but think that she would never find love.
Fill with the light of your wisdom writers, printers, distributors, and readers; keep them in your love and at the humble service of truth. R.
A child born on Good Friday and baptized on Easter Sunday has a gift of healing. If a boy, he should go into the ministry.
However, there is an important difference with the theoretical case. This is clear if we look at the subjects of (a’), (b’) and (c’). Whereas endorsing a theoretical inferential commitment means taking it to hold for everyone, the scope of practical inferential commitments can vary. Desires are those practical inferential commitments that only hold for specific individuals (e.g., (a’)), and thus have no force for others. Norms are those practical inferential commitments which hold for groups, which can mean particular communities (e.g., the Jewish kosher laws), those who occupy a particular institutional role (e.g., (b’)), or even everyone (e.g., (c’)). This is what I mean when I say that norms are a kind of collective practical commitment. Brandom thus thinks that terms like ‘prefer’, ‘ought’, ‘should’, ‘may’, and all varieties of normative vocabulary should be understood to be a kind of logical vocabulary (analogous to conditional vocabulary) that makes explicit these features of practical reasoning.
It sounds like a good idea: document a single day on earth (July 24, 2010) by getting people all around the world to send in clips. A team led by Kevin Macdonald (who’s given the title of ‘director’ for some reason) sifted through 81,000 contributions to create a film that’s, um, halfway between a documentary and a highlights reel.
*Remember, the swaps don't have to be 100 percent monetarily equitable, they just have to meet a need or want that exists. Be creative. Put up notices at church and in your support group newsletters. Pray about it and God will provide.
Praise for Protected
There will be at least two persons who enjoy multiple servings. One or two others are one-can consumers. Of course, left-over is not a bad thing and should be included in determining the amount of brew to acquire.
7. Your parents don’t want what is best for you. They want what is good for you, which isn’t always the same thing. There is a natural instinct to protect our children from risk and discomfort, and therefore to urge safe choices. Theodore Roosevelt—soldier, explorer, president—once remarked, “It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed.” Great quote, but I am willing to bet that Teddy’s mother wanted him to be a doctor or a lawyer.
27 Laurence Vanay - Le Coeur Lourd
It’s a busy time of the year, lots of things going on, everyone’s getting ready for the Holidays. There’s a great buzz in the streets and in the stores, but there are those who are opportunistic and are waiting in the shadows to reap the rewards of other’s hard efforts. This can be as devastating as a carjacking, or it can be as crushing as having the new stereo you got from your loved ones stolen while you sleep.
Like Socrates and Jesus, Pascal does not leave us at rest . . .
“SmartWatch provides access to live content and entertainment on the go,” said Sony Mobile Communications customer unit president Paul Hamnett, who billed it as the first in a series of gadgets to “expand the smartphone’s reach.”
Revolution - lyrics
For those who aren’t members of the Quakers (that’s 99.9% of you), they are a mysteriously secret organisation, a bit like the Masons, the Illuminati, or Inuits. Their membership is a complete secret and no one knows what they meet up to do or discuss.
draw me near in embrace
all jobs go slower as the people feel day closing on
This woman was possibly autistic, herself.
Search: When can I plant in the ground in Anchorage, Alaska?
Nelly - 37
In his free way of life he teaches us to cultivate a mind free of worry and a heart free of wishes, since these are greater treasures than anything else you can carry around in this world.
“When the pastor commanded the evil spirit to come out, I felt like there was a kitten inside my stomach that was being pulled out of me by its tail. It was stabbing its claws deep into my stomach and holding on with all its strength because it didn’t want to leave.
And old love - Schumann Dresden. Did you know that there are several lines in the Dresden line? The older version does not have the scalloped rim, rather it's straight. And then there is one with a reticulated edge, one with swags and one with wreaths. They all mix well. They all make me smile. Below is a history of the Schumann Porzellan Fabrik, taken from HERE.
Last week’s post on the collapse of American education strayed a certain distance from the core theme of the present series of posts, the reinvention of a “green wizardry” based on methods and technologies tried and proven during the energy crises of the Seventies. There’s a purpose to the divagation, since what’s being discussed here is an educational project in the broad sense of the term, and one that has no real chance of being embraced by the established educational institutions of American society.
man is Hershel Kaminsky. He has a chair
For a burgeoning love story, Tom and Allison certainly had their moments. It might have been Tom’s new internet fame that got them talking in the first place but at the end of the episode, I think Tom and Allison learned more about themselves and each other than they thought. That’s a good thing, considering they still managed to be unaware of who actually leaked the footage of Tom and George online.
And I know I've promised in the past that I'd be writing about our debt load but once again, I'm scared. It's embarrassing to put that out there for the world to see. We've been so selfish and irresponsible with our money. Plus, my mom knows about and reads this blog. (Hi Mom!)
Anyone who sees 'Reka Sang' slouching around in the upper decks of cyber space, do cajole her to come back please...as said she is moody and cantankerous, gets offended easily. Will this be enough praise to melt her heart??
Lorelie Kim
~ Darek Bell
As she motioned us into the house, we passed the rose bushes which had been the especial love of her husband, Henk, who had passed away several years ago. Minnie took a pair of scissors from her apron pocket and snipped two blooms.
THANKYOU !
It's a new era of Valentine's Days for us.
I also have to give you a word of warning, the journalling for this page is painful and there is a very special reason why I am posting this on this specific day of 17 May.
To me, this needed a more vintage feel card, something I don't do often enough. So I pulled out some of my lovely Waltzingmouse Stamps, and had a play!
It is always good to continually enrich and develop yourself whether it be by reading, webinars, tweets, blogs, conferences, etc.… Recently I have participated in several webinars on blogging. I started to wonder from these webinars what is the best approach, did I do it correct, could I do it better? It was good to realize many of my tactics were correct, my content was relevant and the information I was sharing in my blogs was giving my readers my expert perspective and approach to that subject matter. I did get from the webinars several pieces of knowledge that I didn’t have before.
To get the final shot I made about 9 exposures which I masked together in Photoshop. I first took a shot of the glass by itself. Another shot with the added umbrella and then several with the smoke since it kept changing and I wanted to blend a few of the different smoke movements into the single image.
'No, I mean really important,' said the cop.
And sometimes fries. Tonight I just HAD to have those J in the B 2 for 99 cents demons. I don't know why. If I was Catholic I'd go to confession. But tonight I also had to have their curly fries too. That's right, dipped in flour, with savory seasoning and that adorable curl. They are so so so good that McDonald's sugar coated deep-fried quasi-potato sticks pale in comparison. Seriously. You gotta try 'em!!!!!
Opening Day at Victory Field
Please tell me I’m not the only Assmerican – this would be Ass-American for those of you unfamiliar with my newly-coined term. I know I am an Assmerican because I tend to make an ass of myself anytime I’m in conversation with my lovely counterparts in other lands, be it Canada, Ireland, England, Indonesia, you name it. And, thanks to the internet, blogging and Twitter, I’m able to prove myself an Assmerican over and over again, daily if the opportunity arises.
I was raised in a Christian household. Raised (correctly) to believe that the God of the Universe could heal any pain, could overcome any obstacle.
To expound further, let’s look at the Stones. In my opinion, there are four sets of Rolling Stones:
With parking being a bit of a hassle and lucky dip, we really could have ended up anywhere along the main road of Hurstville. Our luck would have it that we spotted The Little Chilli House first – its colourful photo covered front window obscuring the view within.
Today: Same as yesterday
Therefore the argument that there would have to be vast numbers of people involved in the cover up is not necessarily true.
5. Wash, dry and place all the lettuce in a large salad bowl. Mix the onions in.
The protagonist is a male which is quite unusual, especially considering the vampire(-esque) genre. And I’ve flipped the usual convention on its head: instead of a minority of vampires living surreptitious lives amidst human society, in The Hunt only a small cluster of humans survive in a world of vampire-like creatures.
“Malaysia will not be able to progress if we continue to have people like Ibrahim Ali who professes to champion along racial lines with disregard to the sensitivity of other communities in the country,” he said.
"Emotions have a collective existence" that is, how you feel is also dependent on "not just your choices and actions, but also on the choices and actions of people...who are one, two and three degrees removed from you." (Pam Bellack, New York Times, Dec 4, 2008) That is, we tend to imitate what others are doing even at a cellular level (mirror neurons). If we are around negative people, we tend to become negative. If we are around people setting a good example, we tend to follow it. This leads to the point of "No Kidding About Bullying" by Naomi Drew, that children can be taught empathy, compassion, and the social skills needed to combat a bullying atmosphere.
The days of the bouncy seat are long gone. You're way too big for it and even if you weren't you're just not impressed anymore.
Disclaimer: I wish I own them! sadly i only own my plot!
So loosely based on the idea of Ferrara's Bad Lieutenant (possibly best known as the 1992/3 movie not starring Holly Hunter where audiences were treated to Harvey Keitel's schlong), that it doesn't even seem to exist in quite the same universe (or any universe I'm personally familiar with) as the original film, Herzog's Lieutenant follows bad cop Nicholas Cage through New Orleans as he investigates a multiple homicide, threatens his hooker girlfriend's clients, holds up kids in alleys for drugs, and smokes a lot of crack. There are multiple scenes from a reptile's point of view. An amusing bit featuring an electric shaver, a very large gun, and two 80-year-old women. And Val Kilmer.
We did find the motion of the boat bothersome at times. On the second night, the ship was very rocky due to high winds, and we all rushed through dinner and retreated to our beds by 7:30 pm, after I fed them all a Gravol. Things settled down the next day, thankfully, as we landed in the Bahamas for our first port of call.
In Anchorage, Alaska, we have pristine water from wells and a beautiful mountain lake, Eklutna Lake, and then we let the government destroy it, putting a known poison into our public drinking water — a substance that Stalin used to dumb down and pacify the prisoners in the Gulag.
Checks are an old fashioned form of payment, they leave a solid carbon footprint, but they also leave a reliable paper trail which you can use to track and retrack your steps. A trail you can bring to a court if a dispute shall arise. One can never be too cautious in the matters of money.
The Chardham is one of the most religious excursions for Hinduism. It comprises of four pilgrimage places namely Yamunotri, Gangotri, Kedarnath and Badrinath. Among Hindus Chardham Yatra is considered to be a journey of moksha where one accepts his activities, search for blessings of almighty and finally returns with serenity of mind. All these four places are associated with various mythologies and have high religious ethics. One may however commence his journey from Haridwar or Delhi. It is advisable to proceed after having a holy dip in holy river Ganga. All the places are situated in the Garhwali Himalayas region of Uttarakhand.
Here is a comment we received from Jenny.
But whatever. I’m a nice person. I wave back at people. I guess this somewhat gives me hope in humanity when strangers wave at each other…
“Being a huge ISIS fan I’ve always dug the moods these dudes convey with their sound,” added Moreno. “I am excited to combine my sense of creativity with theirs and to have fun doing so.”
And so, on that note, due to some family issues back home and southern roots that go deep...we are ending our Alaskan adventure this Sunday. The hubby will return this summer for construction season, which will be difficult for us being apart that long, but necessary as he is committed to the company he works for for this summer season and for income for us to settle back in down south. We continue to pray for guidance on this path. We have no doubt whatsoever that He led us here for a reason and we feel at peace with the fact that we are going back...I look forward to whatever adventures He has in store for us on the journey of life. We've learned much about ourselves here, we've learned what we can and can not live without, or with, for that matter. See you all from the Southeastern side!
She's a pecker. Oh my goddess, she is one BAMP (Bad Ass Mother Pecker). She likes my silver hairs, my wiggly eyeballs, food in my teeth (any food I've got, really) and my teeny-tiny diamond earring (in my ear) from Mitch. I like a friendly and non-mauling chicken-friend. I've compromised by redirecting her fascination with all-things-reflective-or-tasty-about-me with my telephone screen. (It's not tactile responsive) I always add a reward to her phone pecks: neck scratches, cooing, petting.
Today, I was also to start the purging of the studio by moving items into the "spare room" then go through and decide what would go back into the studio~
Start: Rye Station TQ918205
But closer than you think
6) Any tips for all the new writers wishing to make a name for themselves in the crowded children’s literature world?
Stop listening to all those lust songs.
The Ugly Truth
These are the three artists I cannot get enough of these days. Just ask anyone who's been hanging around me.
Germany and Sweden, each of which moved toward rough budget balance between 2009 and 2011 while sustaining comparatively strong growth—the average growth rate per year of real GDP for 2010 and 2011 was 3.6% for Germany and 4.9% for Sweden. If austerity is so terrible, how come these two countries have done so well?
I also own the LBB Sienna Dress Pattern, but never made a dress from it. (Only pajama tops). Once I saw that the pre-made dresses she sold had a flounce/circle skirt bottom, I wanted to make my dresses like those. They were so much cuter than the straight ruffle bottom that came with the pattern. I had always planned on figuring out the measurements to add the flounce/circle skirt bottom, but never quite got to it.
This is part of the new social contract. The sheer percentage of consumers with third party collections in pursuit is striking. Additionally, the uptrend through both Bush boom and Obama bust years of the percentage of people being tracked down by third party collection agencies suggests we live in a different country than we did just ten years ago.
How do you incorporate the kind of speech your characters use without becoming incomprehensible to your readers?
If you want to feel old and young simultaneously, to stand at the gateway of a parallel dimension you never knew existed, to test the limits of your frames-per-second visual tolerance, you should watch this and share with friends. The Japanese seem to accelerate and synthesize our collective pathology into their own, realizing a hyperdrive pop-culture mix-up that tantalizes, repulses, and ultimately redefines what is cool.
From Wednesday to Sunday, 11am to 5pm
2 lies
If we are truly going to be an informed society, then it is incumbent upon us to start holding the media’s feet to the fire. Since I don’t expect any major news organization to suddenly start hiring capable reporters & commentators of the other side or even true centrists (since they all think they ARE centrist), then we must actually start pulling news from a variety of sources, even ones we might disagree with initially. If all you’re reading is the Hartford Courant or the Indianapolis Star, and all you’re watching is the local & network news, then it’s time to broaden your horizons a bit. A few suggestions, all of which are online in part or in full:
SOL is the one who leads BIG BANG’s song with his smooth vocal, and talented to collaborate with various artists.
The idea for "Forsaken" came from the classic poem 'The Forsaken Merman' by the late Victorian poet Matthew Arnold, which in turn is based on an old Scandinavian ballad. It tells the story of a merman who married a human woman, Margaret. They live together happily under the sea and she has children by him - till one day she hears church bells ringing and feels a sudden longing to go and pray in the 'little white church'. The merman agrees to part with her for a short while. But once on land she never returns to the sea, leaving her husband and children to grief for her. In Arnold's poem the merman says:
And the writing is amazing..... just take a read!
I'm still alive!
not sure if i mentioned being all gimped up (i could easily check if i did, but i will not out of sheer laziness), but i was. turns out climbing a foot high mountain of snow and falling forward while your foot sinks into said mountain is not the best for your ankle or your deltoid tendon, whatever that is.
SO two weeks ago they flew me to DC to do training for my new job with the Art Institutes!
So, without further ado: here are some of the cookies I had the honor of creating for Nicholas & Brynn's special day!
the fact that I have nothing RED in my closet
You’ll also notice that there’s only one small tent erected to deflect the searing intensity of massive quantities of ultraviolet radiation from the sun. When you get to the party, there are already six-hundred people jammed under it like sardines in a can. The only time anyone leaves the shade is to sprint to the keg with the rapidly melting ice to grab a glass of foam, and then run back to jostle with Aunt Betty for the last lawn chair.
"Yes, Clay, " I sighed.
Background Stamp (Unity Stamp Co. Vintage Chic Kit)
Beezus asks me if her sister is big now or if she is still little. She gestures with her arms, open and then brings her hands together in the size of a newborn. And I say that she is neither. She is just ash and bone. She is dead and not growing anymore. I tell her we can look at the ruins of her sister. Lucy is in a jar on the shelf. We could pour her out on an earthenware plate, and see if she is still there, in the white of who she once was.
The Boys in the Band – The Libertines
Band around card: 1 3/4" wide x 9 1/2" wide
But Maizes argued that many tenets of complementary medicine have already been independently verified. She noted, for instance, that there is significant scientific evidence supporting the role of good nutrition — which is a major focus of integrative medicine — in health, as well as the connection between the mind and body. What is lacking, she said, are clinical trials comparing integrative therapies to traditional medicine.
But sometimes, I’m not so sure.
Last Friday I found out, that I am anything but 'proper', 'polite' and 'refined'.
I’m extremely lucky that writing has become my day job, for the time being at least. So once I have the house to myself around 7.30am, the first couple of hours are spent on the settee with my laptop and a snoring dog by my side. I work best during those first couple of hours. If I’m mid draft, rewrite or edit, I’ll continue through until 4 o’clock-ish. If I’m near to the end of a draft, I can work on it from 7.30am until I go to bed, stopping only when I have to until it’s finished. I love that feeling when my characters don’t want to stop talking.
Montalbano also finds himself getting involved in the plight of a young immigrant boy, which leads him into the murky world of illegal immigrant trafficking, and putting his plans for resignation on hold.
Here are just a few photos from the days we did nothing.
8. That just reminded me of Zach and Cody....I kind of miss that show!!
And not only that – but you assume that it can also make logical assumption based on that meaning and future projections.
I'm pleased that this season brought this topic to my thought, and I look forward to exploring more traditions and celebrations, and to trying new ones both privately and as a family. I don't know if or which other celebrations or rituals we'll add in years to come. I'm sure that, as with the ones we have today, they'll be celebrations of the moments, small and large, that are most precious to us rather than simply because it's what we're supposed to do.
The agitation had centered around farmers opposing the release of water from the Panchna Dam located upstream of the Gambhir river, the primary source of water to the bird sanctuary. Political expediency ensured the gates of the Panchna Dam remained shut, and the bird sanctuary collared by the neck until it went almost entirely dry just as the summer rounded the bend.
In fact for Sun readers to support Thatcher demonstrated towering intellects by comparison to those amongst the white working class who still vote Labour, a group which must now stand unchallenged as the most moronic section of our community.
Well done lads!
Because so many organizations and churches now serve a traditional Thanksgiving dinner for the community, The Salvation Army decided to fill the need for an earlier meal. Instead of dinner, The Salvation Army will serve a traditional breakfast of scrambled eggs, sausage, hashbrowns and biscuits and gravy to the community.
When entering the peprermEnt site one is greeted in Swedish; Frisyr i London is a band with a name and several song titles in Swedish; and even as Dringe Augh one of the songs on your demos has the name of a Swedish soccer player. What is your relationship to Sweden?
When he needs exercise and nobody wants to walk him, we've developed a few alternatives. One favourite activity is killing bubbles. As a bonus, he gets to defy gravity.
Characters: 5
Strawberry and Vanilla Jam
This is what I had:
4. Oreo birthday cake, made by my sweet husband. That cake was the epitome of so good, yet so bad. I could literally feel my bloodstream freaking out from all the sugar lol.
Sherri Shepherd – told the gut wrenching story of a mother who is helplessly watching her newborn suffer. It’s very sad, and she choked me up a few times. She really is just a massive fan of the show, and a proud mother. That’s a winning combination. If Kate Gosselin had a shred of personality, she’d still be famous, and she mightve won DWTS despite her dancing. Sherri Shepherd also happens to be a confident performer and has nailed her dances 3 weeks in a row.
Wear a super short mini skirt. Wearing a micro-mini sends the message that you are a hard working business professional. The knee is a visual anchor. People's attention will be drawn downward when they approach you, instead of toward your face, which puts you in a position of power and authority. To move quickly up into a promotion, consider putting on a skirt that you can barely sit down in!
Hey! Don’t pat me there!
- Handheld; carried with two rounded leather handles
Royalties are set at 60% but only after the cost of print and retailer discounts have been taken off.
Everybody says the final solution to the RACE problem is for EVERY white country and ONLY white countries to bring in the third world and assimilate with them.
○ Kids on the Curb – Deleted
"She's gone," he said firmly but gently. "It's time to move on."
The thing is, I always know what decision I really want to make, but I just don’t like disappointing people. And I’m one of those people that always assumes they make the wrong decision. I suppose it’s one of those “the grass is greener on the other side” kind of deals.
is most generous of all
1 c. butter, melted
She’s amazing and is going to do more justice to that quilt than I ever could. She’s a magician with machine quilting. Can’t wait to get it back and finish up the pattern for you all to enjoy!!
One of the first steps in dismantling this evil system was led by South African gun owners. In 1984, the apartheid government proposed limiting the number and types of firearms that individuals could own. A new citizen organization, the South African Gunowners’ Association (SAGA, www.saga.org.za), was created to fight for gun owner rights—and they defeated the government plan.
“Senator Tunku is alone among the entire DAP central executive committee in his stand on Bersih 3.0,” Lim said yesterday.
By the water
Hamburger Helper. I made this a lot in college for my husband. He finally banned me from making it because it's the definition of crappy food. The problem is, it's so easy to make and includes your meat, starch, and vegetable (you have to add that in though) all in one skillet! I think my husband finally drew the line when I made Hamburger Helper Fettuccine Alfredo and it turned into a paste after 5 minutes. I guess I don't blame him- it was pretty gross.
I knew it was too good to last. The feeling of control, the optimism, the sense of adventure, all the things that have kept me buoyed up recently are gone. One thing, one stupid thing, and all the progress crashes and burns.
Sin lieth at the door, they say –
This pretty much sums up my weekend.
measures approx. 16" tall ~
"I save his confidence in me as though his words were silver dollars, knotted in a silk scarf and kept hidden in a dresser drawer" (p. 99).And I learn things from this author. This one also makes me laugh.
Do you find that when you get the ''women's'' sizes, they think you have the shoulders of a linebacker WITH his shoulder pads on, perky boobs with darts that end really close to your chin, and armholes that go to your bellybutton? Patterns or store bought, do they use real, full sized gals for a fitting? Sure doesn't seem like it. One of the many reasons I sew. :-)
Tuesday - Pork stir-fry with CSA pea shoots and lemongrass
And it went on like this. Jack certainly knows a whole lot more about running than me. But he’s proud of me. How bloody patronising is that?
Basically we ordered every single dairy free curry (with the exception of spinach-pea curry). The food was delicious but so so so spicy. Spicer than I've ever had in Melbourne. Toby was sweating like crazy and my nose was running throughout the meal. If you want a mild dish, I would recommend the plain potato one. Otherwise you have been warned!
And then it returned on or about December 19, 2009. It was so intense that I had what I will call almost wet dreams. Just nearly to that point.
Leigh will be talking you though the food and beer, I'll be selling you the beer if you should wish to buy some more, and I've been told that Zak will be around for a chin wag for a bit too. It's going to be a relaxed and enjoyable evening, and a great way to introduce new people to the joys of great beer and food. I've been told the theme for the night will be sweet treats (cakes, muffins etc..) and some darker stuff; nice Porters, Stouts, maybe some Dunkel Weisse and general desert beers.
This day I had to explain to them that if a person had a date - dash - date then it was the day they were born and the day they died. If they didn't have a dash and another date then they were still alive. They went stone to stone and Ryan was yelling out what year the person died or if they were still alive. Then he made his way to my grandparent's stone...
I am super excited to announce my FIRST EXHIBITION !!
The Homecoming Parade was way fun. But the events following are what's really left in my memory roladex file.
Canadian Plains Indians, the Innu, were moved by the Canadian government into specially built estates. They were effectively forcibly transformed into Canadians, just as Britons are being forcibly transformed into ‘citizens of the world’. Like us, the Innu are having their past erased and are being offered nothing for the future — despair has set in, as it is setting in on Britain’s sink estates. A superficial difference is that the Innu were dispossessed by a different ethnic group (Canadian globalists), whereas we are being dispossessed by our own elected representatives (British globalists). But it is the same global movement. In the young Innu, deculturalisation manifests in drug and alcohol abuse and petty crime.
Tommy Dean- 25/6/11
and run to Midnight on April 30th.
ASIAN VEGETABLES
The North Precinct is 6 blocks away and they are only on call like masseurs on Back Page.
4: SHIRLEY & LEE - Tell Me So
He served human liberty.
As a child, I had no clue wheresoever he and Snowy, his super cute but fiercely loyal dog, traveled to in most of his books because they are places that do not register on my young mind. But it is precisely this element of novelty that makes these books a total hit with children.
Here’s an activity from Chapter 5:
Bono calls
The Air Force continues to search for the root cause of the unexplained physiological incidents using detailed data-collection methods, which will soon include centrifuge and high-energy testing. Hostage said he believes the command is making significant progress toward an answer; however, he emphasized that scientific testing and data collection take time.
The Conclusion
Need: Orange construction paper balled up to be the fire.
With Earth saved from the Chitauri invasion and New York partially ruined SHIELD is threatened from the notorious councillors who launched the nuclear strike on Manhattan. Director Nick Fury is targeted by another organisation STRIKE who believe SHIELD placed the Earth in danger by creating the Avengers Initiative. But in the heavens an evil warlord named Thanos plans to bring terror and destruction to Earth. With his powers he plans to control each Avenger and destroy Earth from the inside out. However, in Asgard, Loki is on the brink of death from an unknown illness. For weeks he has visions of a world on fire, he insists it’s Earth but the Asgardians don’t believe him.
This is basically meeting somewhere together to do a major holiday achievement that takes more than one player. Some examples are:
Until God’s Holy Spirit regenerates him, right. As Jesus said, “Except a man be born again … .”
Is received from third parties who are under no obligation to maintain such information in confidence.
Don't settle for anything less than the very best. You don't need to flaunt yourself to get attention, though so often, it is portrayed that that's the only way. If you are willing to wait and keep yourself untainted by the impurities life will throw at you, you will meet a man who is willing to treat you like the princess you are. God knows what you need, even if you don't, and He will provide. He loves you and wants the very best for you, so please, protect your heart until the very best comes to you.
“Come get you? Get you from your house?”
There’s not much I can actually tell you about “Cabin in the Woods” without ruining some of the joy that comes with seeing it for the first time. If there’s one thing I can tell you though, is that it’s the mother of all horror genre films. However, it’s not exactly frightening. “Cabin in the Woods” is a tough film to peg because it’s the ultimate representation of multiple genres, including comedy, horror, slasher, and monster flicks. It takes what you’re all too familiar with and deconstructs it to the point where you have to wonder what’s left over for other filmmakers.
This can be applied to most areas of your life. In love and relationships you have a comfort zone and if you creep outside of it you will either scramble or de-compensate. Depending on what your personal comfort zone is, your reaction to people in relationships will be controlled by where you feel safest. Although, where you feel safe may not be the healthiest place to be.
There is a reason that there is a Starbucks on every corner. Without the steady stream of caffeine, who could possible get it all done? And can you ever really get it all done, or is that just an illusion that we cling to while trying to dress in the dress of responsibility. Everyone I know feels like life is going too fast. Monday morning brought thoughts of “the weekend was too short.” Was the weekend really short or was it filled with all of the weekend stuff that needs to get done that replaces the weekday stuff that needs to get done? The truth is time is consistent. You cannot change it. It is we who put a measurement on it and decide and assign a meaning of slow or too fast.
Math. New lessons this week. Students will have plenty of time to complete their assignments in class. All students need practice on multiplication facts and how to divide.
And so the year ends and now is the time to look back at the year that was and make the inevitable top ten list. I know it’s like pouring water into the ocean, it’s not going to make much of a difference, but it’s still something I find fun. Now I will point out that one movie missing from
Her first victim Dieter Schulz, 43, met her in a bar in the centre of his home city.
It's covenantal, oh oh oh, it's covenantal
Apparently, police have just found the Gallardo in a 17 year old’s storage unit. They found it as they investigated a shooting the 17 year old is suspected of, which was done while the kid was riding a motorcycle. You couldn’t make this stuff up.
With the Baby Boom generation underway, finding a name in the 1950s that no one had proved difficult. The most popular names in 1959 were Michael and Mary. The top baby names in 2007 were Sophia and Aiden.
Because of a mild winter in most of the country predictions are that it will be a banner year for fleas and ticks. I know that where we are (Oklahoma) we did not get cold enough-long enough to kill fleas and ticks outside. As if I needed to have a reminder of how bad a flea and tick season it will be, while I was writing today I saw a tick crawling on my laptop. This year I am taking the offensive on this problem. You see we have three wonderful dogs and a really cute kitty.
So my new sign is slightly crooked and in my attempts to correct it, the "g" is missing, but that's okay because I am doing what I love with the people that I love, and that is enough :) And also because we're southern, "introducin'" is totally acceptable. Right? Right!
Our individual and very powerful choices have huge consequences for ourselves and our loved ones’ futures. Trading in that big, huge monster truck for a more efficient model is like trading in the wood stove for a fan on a hot day. Turning off the lights and reducing the temperature in the room is like turning off that hose in the flood. Doing these things means we can contribute to a much larger, natural bank account for our children in the future when the going gets tough. What loving parent wouldn’t want to save into that kind of trust?
The Following excerpts are from my Mirror Book. It is a journal of sorts that I use to sort out my spiritual struggles and journey. A lot will sound pretty normal and a lot will sound bonkers...kinda like me, I reckon....it's a longish post. Nobody says you gotta read it. :-)
Share seven random and/or weird things (you can decide if they're wierd) about yourself. Tag seven people at the end of your post and include links to their blogs. Let each person know they have been tagged by leaving a comment on their blog.
As well as general research and reminiscing we will have a theme at these sessions:
Anise Squash Soup
This was the most exciting session yet, and I really got a kick out of it (and the players seemed to as well). Although faced with the possibility of a powerful enemy escaping from them, they mixed it up with a real challenge for a change and came out with flying colors. And Terry’s Jedi Lucia gets a colorful addition to her bio – namely, the soul of another Jedi whom now sort of haunts her (in a non-evil way), but also gives her a little bonus to a couple of stats and hit points when she is in contact with her. This will make for some interesting role-play down the line, methinks. I think Terry may have been struggling with what exactly the personality of Lucia was, but now she for sure has an interesting angle to work from. I originally though Amelia might do this bonding thing with the male Jedi (I thought he would get the focus of damage and be the first knocked out of the fight), and also thought it would be funny if her spirit bonded with the Wookiee, but in the end I am glad Terry will be the one dealing with it. Her character seemed the least fleshed out.
“When the Dog Days Were Drawing to an End,” “I Have Become Almost Invisible, to Some Extent like a Dead Man,” “No One Knows What Shadowy Memories Haunt Them to this Day” and “Increasingly Absorbed in His Own World.”
To see more wonderful birds check out World Bird Wednesday and for more nature scenes please visit Nature Notes. Thanks to Springman for hosting World Bird Wednesday and to Michelle for hosting Nature Notes. Also, thanks for stopping by to see my post. I hope the rest of your week is a happy one.
While worrying that she's going crazy (always a reputation ruiner), Rileigh gets a visit from Kim, a handsome martial arts instructor, who tells Rileigh she's harboring the spirit of a five-hundred-year-old samurai warrior.
An added bonus with the SP model is that the ink is refillable and the tip is replaceable, so you can keep filling up this fine looking barrel as long as it doesn't vanish from your desk in the dark of night.
And then there are the bluebirds in their nest box by the window. For weeks they've been coming and going with, to my eyes, neither rhyme nor reason. First he showed up in a blaze of blue and orange, bearing pieces of hay in his beak and strutting around. Then she came and seemed to be more focused, actually carrying stuff into the nest. But then the flow of building materials stopped, followed by casual visits during which the pair would stick their heads into the nest and then fly off, perhaps never to return. Were they inexperienced? Were they losing interest? Were they scared of the frogs? I didn't dare to look inside then nest box, for fear of putting them off
For my second card, I used the Sidewalks collection along with some of the new Washi Tape from the 9 to 5 and some leaf stickers from Fly a Kite.
I'm having a catch-up day, doing those little jobs that have mounted up- so I'll have a little catch-up here too. So what have we been doing? When we haven't been poorly and off school, or flipping pancakes, this week we have mostly been baking,
3And no man in heaven, nor in earth, neither under the earth, was able to open the book, neither to look thereon.
"Karuizawa 1997 13YO #3312 for Oxfam. 60.2 per cent alcohol.
The Email looks authentic and I bet it'll fool a lot of people. One giveaway though is the date. Supposedly I made the purchase on May 2nd, which would make sense if I lived in Korea, where it'd been May 2nd for a while. But here in the States it was only 2am and I was pretty sure I'd not ordered anything between midnight and 2am. They should have at least dated the fake purchase date as May 1st to make it more plausible.
People want purpose. They don’t want reasons and they certainly don’t want excuses. They can’t really be motivated by money or driven by desire if you want the right outcomes (see global financial meltdown for evidence!)
The Proposal
He certainly has been able to educate himself in a way that he might never have been able to do as a practicing lawyer. It’s a funny way to get an education.
The conversations all consisted of something similar to this:
He abounds in love and compassion
We walk away hand in hand, with our hearts back where they belong…
Jones’ remark came in response to Curtis’ question,
It seems my leg is healing. I have gotten back to getting paid a regular salary for the work I do. The weather is good for the time of year and I enjoy some moments of fun and happiness when talking to friends and being with my family. In short: life is ok.
I never imagined I would feel this sad.
From their site:
This sentence truly stood out to me when I received my preview copy of this book. HERS is a dreamy book, filled with inspiration for carving out a delightful space just for you, whether you translate that into a whole house design, or a little nook somewhere just for yourself. It's been out since just before the holidays, but since I received another delightful signed copy, I am excited to give it to one of YOU!
Barack Obama doesn’t profit from experience, and neither does his government. Blinded by an ideology that 80% of Americans reject entirely, Obama’s regime could not exist without the slavish support of the Lame Stream Media and the backing of the unions that have purchased the DeMarxists outright.
Marley bore this with a slight sigh.
I realize just how unusual my situation is...my day job, IS my passion! Being with my family, teaching my children, growing and learning along side them in the knowledge and wisdom of the Lord. Getting to dry their tears, celebrate their accomplishments and witness their milestones! Watching as they discover new things at their own, individual levels of learning, witnessing their relationships growing and changing. I love the way my girls get along! We have very few arguments or squabbles at our house, and it truly is a miracle to me, as I had never seen anything like it before with siblings!
Saffron Rice
Initially adopted as a wartime-only policy, New York decided to bring Daylight Saving Time back after World War I and adopted a metropolitan Daylight Saving Time law for the city only in 1920. Cities ran on it, suburbs did not. Being such a powerful influence on the economy, almost every city from Chicago adopted it. By 1921, only Massachusetts had a statewide policy. All of this left a patchwork of times across the country for the next 10 years. This patchwork wreaked havoc with transportations schedules making it difficult to keep up. It has taken until 2006 to get to the levels of DST usage that this country currently has.
The ones that you made fly,
The more we expand our spiritual and creative selves
Nonetheless, there are massive differences been the efficiency and effectiveness of average accounting departments and those that operate at a world-class level. The key difference is having a lean focus on how the operation is constructed and operated.
gave it to me loud and clear: Husband,
This dress was sent to me by an Italian brand SVMI-E, it looks very classy and totally differs from all other little black dresses in my wardrobe. I think I'm gonna wear it to business meetings :)
Granddaddy and his second wife, Wilma, visited Margaret and me as often as they could, and they always took us shopping and out to nice restaurants. We could have anything we wanted when they came. I remember a trip with them to Howard Johnson’s when they had many flavors of ice cream, and after a fine dinner we had so much fun picking out two or three flavors to eat on sugar cones. They bought each of us a box of candy before returning us to the orphanage.
And I also pray and hope that I will keep in some sense this sense of total dependency...upon God. This accident and the events of this summer have reminded me, that though I never really was in control of my life....I wanted to be and tried to be, and to a small degree, perhaps, even might have thought that I was - at least a little :) But I know now that I am definitely not in control of my life. I cannot foresee or alter what is coming at me....I can only accept and react as God would have me to respond.
Wrong direction? You? But you've been planning this journey for months, maybe even years. Why did you trust her with that map, anyway? Grumbling, you head right against your better judgment, just to see how it turns out.
“The Lost Language,” David H. Keller, MD, 1934 – The son of a wealthy family refuses to communicate in anything other than a strange series of written symbols. Only his sister is able to reach him.
An opening chapter helpfully reviews the career of NT Wright as scholar, theologian and Churchman. This is followed by a chapter outlining Kuhrt’s own story and his interest in NT Wright. In this chapter Kuhrt, writing from an evangelical Anglican tradition Kuhrt poses some thoughtful questions to that evangelical tradition which still await an answer. Of course, he goes on to suggest the NT Wright does begin to offer an answer to these questions. This chapter should not be passed over by readers of Life and Work, as the questions raised by Kuhrt reflect questions that need to be asked and answered by an evangelical reformed/Presbyterian tradition just as much as by evangelicals within the Anglican tradition.
Wouldn't that be the best if your best friend lived next door to you? And she also was a stay at home mom like you and wanted to craft all day while the kids were at school and you could share crafting stuff together? It'd be like a dream! I'm sure no chores or errands would be completed if this were the case for me.
FG: Yes, I was sent a copy of it. I have very strong, but maybe very different opinions, since I lived this journey with Ron Maxwell. I personally think Gods and Generals may be the most authentic and true to all the facts, movie ever made about the Civil War. Some say it was way too long, some say it was historically boring. I personally think Ron got on the screen exactly what he was hoping for from day one. I think he was not interested in pleasing “Hollywood” as much as he was concerned about remaining true to the facts and to our American history, and I have to applaud him for that.
Talking to the Taliban does not mean recognising their humanity, however. The BBC reported last month:
We wish you peace and love until tomorrow. Good day.
18. Maureen O’Hara (Miracle on 34th Street)
So I cannibalized this piece of 5/8" plywood that was my workbench for many years, and cut it to fit over the hole, and cut a slot for the output pipe. It was rough going: Dad had not sharpened it lately. It was blue smoke, and overly sensitive circuit breakers blowing every five minutes.. I minimized the bite so it wouldn’t stall and made worthless promises to it to be a better owner. It hung in there until the job was done, and I saw Ed at Ed’s Electric yesterday and he promised to give it a new cord when his order came in. And I will sharpen it, eventually. Maybe.
But as if that were not enough, the Holy Spirit, through the immeasurable grace of redemption also makes us new creations in Christ (cf., 2 Cor. 5:17) and provides entrance into the Kingdom where, by the unmerited grace and Love of the Father, we are seated at His right hand of Christ to share in His reign forever (cf., Eph. 2:6). By this grace granted us through His sacrifice on the cross and His victory over death, we are, upon acting on our faith, made heirs of the Kingdom and the adopted children of the Father. Praised be His Holy Name!
I shake hands with my friend,
Another thing I love about this ensemble is that it’s all made with organic cotton. I’m not a stickler for organic goods, but I do try! I actually think the cotton is softer and stronger than the “regular” stuff. And to know that I’m doing something good for my body and the environment fosters a great feeling! Meredith and I were chatting yesterday about how much easier it is to find organic clothes for casual looks rather than office ones. Sad but true! I am challenging myself to put together a work outfit that’s entirely (or almost) made of organic materials. When I do, I’ll be sure to post it.
This week we'll be learning about the Long A CVVC pattern and continue practicing reading and writing words that have the Short A and Long A CVCe pattern.
Rebecca Levene – 23:46 Morden (via Bank)
The commotion he created was both embarrassing to myself (obviously)and totally unnecessary and so I left with his accusations ringing loudly throughout the building.
I recently put a great deal of thought into buying a book for a friend, one I thought she would love. She gave it a cursory glance, showing little interest (how rude!), then less than a month later gifted the same book back to me for my birthday. She said, utterly straight faced, that she’d heard it was an excellent book, albeit she hadn’t actually read it yet herself. A half smile played around the corners of my mouth as she said it. I mean, the book still had my inscription on it, which kinda worked since her name is Kate and so’s mine. You know, “To Kate, with love. Kate.” I laughed out loud, thinking it was a joke. It wasn’t.
1) Dried Bean Curd Strips - 5 pcs
The grid paper is from one of the Prima ledger pads.
So pretty much that's all for now.
Paper: Cosmo Cricket Everafter
It is going to be interest to feel the difference between carving lino to carving hard end grain wood. oh what an adventure:)
Levy
During the prom, Tiffany and I attempted to be cordial, but it became obvious that neither of us had an interest in each other. We didn’t talk during dinner, we didn’t want to dance as the band played, and we didn’t smile as our pictures were taken. Most of the evening, we sat in silence and stared dreamily at the students whom we really liked. Through that ordeal, I learned that love cannot exist unless both parties freely choose to be together.
Eventually we made our way to Port Townsend and did more exploring and EATING! The food was sooooooo good!!
And you might not be able to justify an etsy bill to your husband.
VL: We felt that this unique confederacy of kingdoms hasn’t received the recognition it deserves. This time period overlaps a little bit with the one that we just looked at in Contested Visions in the Spanish Colonial World, which covered the apogee and eventual demise of the Aztec Empire in favor of the Spanish Conquest. The Children of the Plumed Serpent are flourishing at the same time as the Aztecs, actively controlling the trading corridors that go from the southwestern United States all the way down to Central America—but completely outside the borders of the Aztecs. What’s really interesting is that these communities become very well known for both their metal working and intricate turquoise mosaics. These works have always been categorized as Aztec, but they’re not. One of the catalysts for organizing this exhibition was to correct this misperception. Another reason is that the descendants of the Children of the Plumed Serpent continue to inhabit that region, and here in Los Angeles we have one of the largest populations of Oaxacans outside of Oaxaca.
Preach my gospel- studying each day with companion
Anyway being an artist is not acceptable where I'm from, it's unheard of, unless it's something you do for money, my parents never wanted me to take art classes in high school, or be in drama in high school, as that would contradict with taking everything honors, even math and science classes, which I was terrible at. It was important getting into a good college, which my parents paid for, so I'm not saying I'm working-class actually, just culturally, but it was important to major in something practical, why I majored in journalism, being a creative writer was not an option, was never an option until later when my mother knew of my dreams and supported and understood. A lot of people are shocked I don't talk to my family about my book coming out, I mean they know but they're not terribly interested and honestly if they knew that 99% of what I do now I make zero money at, the writing, the editing, they would be horrified, and I haven't told them about the Semiotext(e) book, because why? I've stopped trying to look to their approval, I still love them, in that I will care when they are sick, when they are ailing, that they are aging, but to them I am not a tremendous success, I am a giant giant failure such a fuck-up.
The camel farted.
1 oz. New Albanian Hoptimus Imperial IPA
I personally don’t watch My Life on the D-List; as I’ve said before, I can only take Griffin in small doses. But I do watch, and love, her stand-up specials. So it should come as little surprise that Official Book Club selection—a mixture of the two—was a mixed bag for me. On the one hand, I found Griffin’s early career fairly fascinating, even though the majority of it predates my life. On the other hand, the second half of the book felt like a bit of a rehash of stories I’ve seen on her comedy special (in fairness, I’m reading this book two years after it was released).
A charismatic church was brought before a judge on charges of illegally providing shelter for the homeless, as they were not zoned to do something like this. Respectfully, the leader of the church said, “Thank you for the information we will go back to our church and pray about it.” When the leader went back to the judge and prosecutors his answer was, “We understand the issues you have with the legality of what we’re doing. We will stop sheltering the homeless. Instead, we will have a worship service beginning at 7pm and after about an hour we will enter into a time of silent meditation until 10am.”
I can't help thinking that by the time he's done baking they'll need a Caterpillar and three Jaws of Life to unearth that beast. My lady parts are legitimately terrified.
“Don’t talk to strangers.”
^ This one isn't really dark-themed, but I figured I would include it today anyway. I made it this morning from a first communion photo from the early 1900's. Hopefully someone will be able to get some use out of it :)
Maybe it is because my mother always said that there is enough love in one mother for many children, I love each craft fully and differently but each with my whole heart, although as my aunt has been known to say sometimes, I love them but they make it very hard for me to like them.
Ponderous.
Tomorrow I run eight miles.
Challenge will last from today February 10 through February 24. Winner will be posted by February 26.
And walked out with a brand new pair of Keens (the blue you see is the color of my socks, not the shoes).
Then half an hour to walk to the train station at Canovelles. You have to walk across the tracks there to arrive on your platform.
While the iPhone App Store offers more apps than the Android Market–about 425,000 versus 250,000 (as of July 2011)–overall selection isn’t the only factor. Apple is famously strict (some might say unpredictable) about what apps it allows and how it changes its policies, while Google’s standards for Android are somewhat more lax. Many developers have complained about the emphasis on free apps for Android and the difficulty of developing for so many different phones. As a result, not all of the best apps make it to Android, and those that do don’t necessarily run on all phones.
ERIK WENZEL: I think I need to open up a little more about my personal reasons for what I said. Such as I feel totally guilty because I know that my interest will fade, and I will forget all those kept prisoner. It's just not possible to maintain a constant state of outrage. (Which seems like it is, or should be, an Onion headline: "Nation's Liberals, Conservatives, Wary of Maintaining Perpetual State of Righteous Indignation"). Also, I am not saying petitions shouldn't be circulated or vinyl letters shouldn't be affixed to Tate Moderns, it just seemed kind of silly. Every time I thought of signing the petition, I felt stupid. I asked myself, "What? Because he's a famous artist–and one whose work I like–is that why we art world people are now speaking up? Because he's 'one of ours'?" I just felt like a phony, I didn't have a good answer. I think you make really strong points, and that indeed the petition and other art world denouncements played a role. But it was a combined effort. And ultimately one that may well have played into the Chinese Government's hands. I remember thinking it's almost like a reverse-engineered act of benevolence: Release a high profile dissenter, look good and appear to listen to international calls for free speech. To begin: find a high-profile dissenter, detain them and wait for the attention. It's kind of bone-headed, but they seem like they are trying to play both good cop and bad cop and expecting us not to notice.
With too many quality moments to capture here, it’s safe to say that this film will be somewhere in the record books with box-office numbers. For years, few thought that this movie would ever happen. Not a fan of post-converted 3D creations so I opted for two-and-a-half hours of 2D CGI. It looked just fine. Believe it…The Avengers are finally here. This will be a tough act to follow for the sequel.
Best Beer Twitterer
Draw the World Together recently teamed up with Make-A-Wish Foundation and addition to the usual ʻSketch for Donationsʼ model that Draw the World Together have
The first thing that you will need to do when configuring startup files will be to startup your ‘Microsoft Configuration Utility’. This can be called ‘msconfig’ for short. You can find your computers msconfig utility by clicking on your start menu icon and typing msconfig in your ‘search programs and files’ text box find at the bottom of the menu (See example).
Granted, you can’t just take this baby step on a random Tuesday in April and never again and then expect to see results. Keep taking those baby steps.
Therefore, when Logan heard that an ambulance was coming, his screaming quadrupled!
We are all united by wonderful colourful ties no matter where on earth we live, so of course anyone is welcome! I will post the winner on Saturday, 19 May.
Microwave cooking is the latest experiment I am undertaking. Not out of choice, but again that wonderful word, necessity. My precious induction cooker is deeply embedded inside a box, among 30 other boxes, along with various pots and pans, sitting inside the warehouse of a removal company halfway across the world. The shipment has sat there for a whole month already, and I have finally received news this morning (after many unanswered desperate emails to the officer in charge and finally an even more desperate email to the Regional Manager) that the shipment will sail for Australia tomorrow, scheduled to reach me in three weeks’ time. Right. So, all I have in this little studio flat right now is a tiny microwave oven, supplied by the nice landlady.
2.
Maxi – Has a good goalscoring record, but will he ever contribute enough to this team?
Bring the boys out (yeah you know)
The advertisers followed suit today with GEMS like these:
Combine butter, honey and sugar in a small saucepan: stir over low heat until smooth and thick.
Looking a little more closely at the detail of the measures used:
I’m the one who sits inside pulling from within you, the truth,
As it spoke of a hell below.
Qualification:
I always practice loving kindness to all living creatures.
“This is like a cross between a soufflé and a light pudding. A soufflé is an
With so many to care for, they can’t stay to chat,
I have plans to help us – our department – to work better and I wish others felt as strongly as I did about getting ourselves more organised. I can see the workshop potentially pushing out more jobs within its shifts than we currently do but sometimes it feels like I’m the only one who understands that this is possible. If I was to have a little co-operation from people in leadership roles we could complete not just the jobs that are brought to our attention during the day but we could also start chipping away at the pile of outstanding ones.
I have ordered lots of aprons, both childrens and adults, from a company in Lancashire who produce cotton and manufacture the products themselves- Keeping it all British! There is also a good stock of Whinberry & Antler draught excluders featuring the marching hedgehogs, to keep out the cold air. I have also decided on my display now for the fair.... but I think that can stay a secret until the big event itself.
Noah is doing great. He is such a boy, loves to throw rocks and dig in the mud, he will find the only dirt patch in a whole yard of grass and be entertained forever! He has recently learned how to climb out of our back porch. (The back porch is like a little cement rectangle and the walls are probably 3 feet high) Anyways he will get a lawn chair and then stack a stool on top of that and then climb his way right over the wall! Haha, this little man sure keeps us on our toes! He loves reading, watching movies, showing off all his sweet tricks, driving trucks, and playing outside. Finally, he is sleeping in his own bed every night. (granted most of the time by morning he ends up in our bed.. but it's a start!) Potty training came to an abrupt halt when he simply decided he didn't want to go in the potty anymore. He was doing so well and now he won't even think about it. We have tried everything! I guess when he is ready it will happen! Darn! I was hoping for it to be on my time! Let's see... I know I have said this before but he knows all the letters and most of the numbers, we are now working on colors and shapes! He loves animals and the sounds they make. His favorite food is still spaghetti and corn on the cob. He is getting more and more used to the baby talk. We have got most of our baby stuff out and ready and Noah is pretty particular about what is HIS and what is the BABY'S.. haha. Trev tried to give his one of the "baby" blankets and Noah freaked and was like "No No! Baby Baby!" So we gave him his "big boy blanket" and he was a happy camper! It was funny. We just love him so much. We can't get enough of him.
I think an important thing to consider in b&w is to not overdue the effect. After I do all my adjustments I take a break and work on a color image or just be away from the computer for a while. Come back, see that you over did it more than Fox news during election season and then bring it back to a more realistic value.
I choke reflexively, not knowing if I heard him correctly. I look over at Jordan, one of the other teachers, who is wide-eyed and thanking the Gods she was not the one asked.
At the moment I think the mother fox is shopping at Sainsbury's superstore, which is only a five minute walk from where David and his wife Michelle live. Perhaps she has access to the big bins outside the store? While I was at David's house last week, for his birthday celebration, I saw a baby fox cub pulling a rather large bone into the den.
Grace finally has her new cardi. All those buttons in my stash and none to match it though. So I shall have t have a look in town next time I go.
I have to say my sister and I did a lot better than we thought. We had only trained for 13 weeks (really more like 8 weeks with all the time we took off) and had not jogged or ran for over 25 years when we started the couch to 12k training schedule. We kept our slow but steady pace for the full race and only stopped once to use the restroom. We probably only walked about a mile for the whole 12K and part of it was the frickin huge hills we had to endure. Overall we had a blast and at times were laughing so hard I almost peed my pants.
Rowan went to meet Santa for the second time this year. You can see the first picture below under “Thanksgiving Celebrations”. This second time was less rushed and he really liked Santa! It was funny because his friend Sam who was with us was excited about Santa while we were in line but terrified when he met him, Rowan was the exact opposite! Silly boys.
Voila! Here’s our finished, textured model.
PPS Blogging = best wedding therapy yet!
Coogie Stoddart returned to perform with Wild Cherry beginning with the tour to support Electrified Funk. Coogie recorded the third album, I Love my Music, with the band. On that album is recorded one of Coogie's original songs, If You Want My Love, on which Coogie shares lead vocals with Rob Parissi. (The album jacket for I Love My Music incorrectly states that all songs were written by Rob Parissi; the album's label is correct.) Coogie Stoddart toured with the group in support of I Love My Music, but left before Only the Wild Survive was recorded.
1. Blues As Blues Can Get (5:36)
Since he has no real accomplishments to run on, Obama clearly plans on taking the low road. He does not tolerate honest differences, and he will impugn the motives of anyone who dares to disagree with him. Envy of “the rich” and pointing out that rich and old-fashioned Mitt Romney and his stay-at-home wife are simply out of touch with ordinary people, is Obama’s strategy. But that’s not what ordinary people are concerned about.
Heat oven to 350F. Line a 12-cup muffin pan with paper baking cups, and coat with non-stick cooking spray. Sift and whisk flour, cornstarch, baking powder and salt into a small bowl. In mixing bowl of a stand mixer, using the paddle attachment, beat softened butter, sugar and zest at medium speed 5 minutes, till light and fluffy. Add eggs, one at a time, beating until incorporated. Beat in extracts. On low speed, add flour mixture alternately with buttermilk, beginning and ending with flour mixture. Beat only until blended after each addition. Batter will be thick. Use immediately. Fill 12 muffin cups with batter, dividing equally. Bake 15-17 minutes, or till a toothpick inserted near center returns with just a few crumbs. Cool in pans 5 minutes, then transfer cupcakes to wire rack to finish cooling. Frost with Orange-White Chocolate Cream Cheese Frosting.
Oh, I do know what it is like to be faced with dire circumstances. I do know what is it like to be a parent and to love and to live a simple life in devotion to God. Being a parent is the most rewarding gift any species can experience and for a human it is an opportunity to infuse unconditional love at every step and stage into another person. As a parent to a child you gave birth to, or a child you have adopted or came with the person you have relations with brings both hardships and rewards. Before you became a parent, love did not have the same meaning. Parenthood is when many people figure out what unconditional love means, but not all people have to be parents to know this. This ability to love for the sake of loving with no expectation of any acknowledgement or shared emotion returned is the purest form of love. When you love your child, you love everything there is about your child; the good and the bad; you can overlook the bad because your heart is filled with devotion, compassion, and love that fills your entire being.
His parents were Marianne Elsner born 1874 and Josef Jankowski born 1871. They married in 1894 in the Catholic Parish of Dziewierzewo. Leschek was their youngest son, born on November 28, 1911 in Hohensalza. His last address was listed as Jazewska 38 in Hohensalza. Hohensalza, (now called Inowrocław) was in the county of Hohensalza in Prussia in the province of Posen (which is now Poland). The area of Hohensalza had a predominate population of Catholics, though there were some Protestants and a small minority of Jews. 36% of the citizens were German speakers, 64% Polish speakers in the 1930’s.
Shout: I don't need you.
and then go and get inky!
Prior to the opening of the Coffee Road in 1823, there were very few pioneer families in all of Irwin County ( then encompassing present day Lowndes, Thomas, Worth, Berrien, Cook, Brooks, Coffee Lanier, Tift, Turner, Ben Hill, Colquitt, and parts of Echols and Atkinson counties). Folks Huxford dated the earliest settlement of present day Brooks County. originally part of Lowndes, as occurring in 1823 after the Coffee Road was opened.
Good Afternoon crafters
I don’t know how many times I have heard that line “One thing just led to another!” (Well Not to me but in general) Nothing Just happens, you knew exactly what you were doing; you were conscious of your actions but CHOSE to ignore the possible reactions to your actions…What really bothers me about this statement is not so much that the person hearing this can not piece together what then occurred but it almost gives an OUT to terrible decision making and choices that were made…
Red Hook Long Hammer IPA – A standard, go-to beer of Golf. Beer. Repeat., Red Hook’s Long Hammer IPA (an India Pale Ale, 6.5% ABV) is the standard of the companies slogan “Liquid Goodness since 1982.” According to Red Hook’s site: “Long Hammer takes the traditional IPA brewing process one step further by dry hopping, or adding hops at the end of the brewing process with Cascade hops to give a wonderful hop aroma but not the overpowering hop taste. Long Hammer IPA is the beer you find yourself reaching for again and again, no matter what the occasion.”
The vinegar rinse I'm not as in love with, Yes it leaves the hair shiny but I notice the vinegar smell after it's dried. I do add a couple drops of essential oil (Rainforest blend) to make it smell better but I still find I need a bit of styling product to scrunch my curls. On days I don't scrunch, but just blowdry - it's amazing. I just don't like the vinegar smell.
Anyway, we were all ready for bed around midnight, and hit the pillow and were asleep. CPT was awake and gone before I got up (to PT), and my alarm went off at 6:45am. The kids were SO excited to go in and see Grammie and Grandpa Harty. At 7am, right before Tom left for for school, I let them go in and see them. Joe needed his backpack and Jim needed his shoes (they were staying in their room). They were SO excited!!!
On to the disappointing news: A.J. Jacobs’ The Know-It-All wasn’t exactly worth the wait. Which is to say that, shockingly, a book documenting one man’s mission to read the entire Encyclopedia Britannica isn’t quite as riveting as you might think.
Fine clear day.
I still cant believe we are going, and will leave for Chi town tomorrow afternoon!!
Very Retro Chic! Kravitz has an album due this August titled Black and White America… wonder if those are his favorite colours?
And then he hit me with ‘You’re so beautiful, you know that?’
First & foremost, you must be able to:
I just have all these thoughts and dreams. I have so much to do but how do I move? How do I make it all mine? Me? How?
· Do not believe in the rapture (or believe the wicked are the ones that will be ruptured)
Many times I pick up some yarn and begin to crochet with an image in my mind and no pattern. I find that I am usually able to bring that image into reality through hooking and that is what I did with this blanket. For awhile now, I have contemplated trying a granny square as they are notoriously easy and also allow you to use up yarn ends and scraps. So I looked up an easy tutorial for a modified granny square on YouTube and began to build my very first blanket! (Find a written tutorial here!)
Riley dialed the phone number of the hotel that Nico’s mom had left in case anything happened.
Presently, the crucifixion of Jesus Christ is observed on a Friday, called Good Friday, and His tomb was found empty on Sunday morning, called Easter. This is not correct based on an analysis at http://aristean.org/wp091.htm titled “Was Jesus crucified on a Friday?”
This one I feel like I could just go “check!” The recycling in my city doesn’t have us sort our own recycling. All paper, plastic and metal (no glass) go in the same bin. So I have a laundry basket set up by the front door that I put it all in and when it gets full I take it out to the bin.
A few interesting points that came up in the following Q & A: Someone suggested that the sales of shortlisted books are not always good, but M J Hyland said that sales of her shortlisted book far outstrip that of her others, and keep doing so. In response to the idea that the best books stand the test of time and rise to the top anyway, she said that getting a prize is a great thing for an author, though, because authors need to eat and can very rarely make a living out of writing. On the idea that many winners don't stand the test of time, Vona Groarke made the point that we can hardly expect them to: in fact, we would be very lucky to get a truly remarkable book each decade, leave alone each year. Someone, Ian McGuire I think, commented that to invest in just two or three writers a year (which results from the prize culture) does not make for a healthy literature culture. Writers need to be given a chance to develop their careers, to produce non-prizewinning books at the start, and I think the implication was that a literary conversation dominated by prizes pushes publishers away from that. On the other hand (my notes tell me someone said), prizes could contribute to such a different kind of culture, but I don't recall anyone saying how. De Groot suggested that literary festivals bespeak a public desire to have the kind of conversation about books that was generally felt to be squeezed. Finally Festival Director Cathy Bolton asked what the panel felt about the online platform to which Ian McGuire saw that the literary discussion had moved. M J Hyland said she found it scary - she could be devastated by a bad Amazon review - but such democratisation and widening of the discussion had to be a good thing. Ian McGuire said that some of it was excellent, more objective than newspaper criticism which often consisted of writers reviewing each others' books, and one had to view it as part of the changing world of books.
I have always wanted to buy a house but this time I had second thoughts. I hate cleaning and think that yard work would become something that I hate if I had to do it all of the time. Now, I think I’d want to move to a nicer apartment or a condo. I would love to have a small plot of land to have a garden on too. I have thought it would be nice to have a gym membership for the winter months. I can get enough physical activity during the summer months but I get heavier every winter. Grrr. So, I would want an apartment with an exercise room, swimming pool, some nice trails near by, a bath tub, a wash machine and dryer in the unit. I’d also want a landlord who fixes things rather quickly and allows cats. I think if I had these things, I’d cry for joy at first or do a happy dance. My sister says that money doesn’t make one happy but I think it would make me happy in the short-term. I don’t think these things would make me happy in the long-term. My digital camera made me happy for a while after I bought it. But, it didn’t last of course.
So I decided to do one of my favorite walks down to the open air flea market and through a bit of the old part of the city. I love the flea market, which is open EVERYDAY! When I first got here, I went almost every Sunday. I rarely buy something, it’s a great place to wander and look at a bunch of old junk and some of it is great old junk.
I'd forgotten how much work puppies are.
Is anyone surprised at being able to buy the right to have dinner with the so-called PM? We all know the current Tory party are interested in money money money. For themselves. So learning that if you donate a certain amount of money you get to eat with the PM and his wife (approx the amount of money I would pay not to have to eat with them in fact) and get filled in on juicy policy news, and possibly benefit in some way from being able to whisper in the ear of the man who is, unfortunately, the most powerful bloke in the land was a no brainer really.
2. Sweet Mary (White, Argent) 4:05
First off, please do not be fooled by the blog title, my Spanish-speaking abilities are absolutely horrendous. Probably should have reviewed Spanish for Dummies prior to coming here.
Chex Kellogg's cereal (it says gluten free right on the box!)
Female Hiker: "Did you see those guys coming down? They got lost last night in the storm, ended up staying the night."
So did the first 'Marlboro Man.'
As said by His Excellency Marcel Lefebvre, "The Novus Ordo Missae, even when said with piety and respect for the liturgical rules, is impregnated with the spirit of Protestantism...it bears within it a poison harmful to the Faith"
Red bag, swoon! I'm sure you'll notice how riding boots are the shoe of the season.
He had bookcases full of books covering everything from religion, through the occult, right down to psychic phenomena. When she wanted to learn more about herbal healing she went to Howard, who supplied her with half a dozen books on the subject.
Serve with sliced green onions as garnish.
Hazel Dell Brewpub (Vancouver)
2009 Domaine Jones red – 15.00€
Marriage is hard work, nearly every single day. Some parts of it get easier as time passes. Some parts get much harder. If you bring children into the equation, the work gets harder but often feels better.
Surprisingly, to me at least, this is Abbott's first novel. It was surprising because Abbott writes with a maturity and a knowledge and a voice that is so wise beyond his seeming lack of experience. He writes with the voice of a man that has written many novels previously and who will continue to write for many years to come. I also really enjoyed how we were given insight into Henry's life, personality, his flaws and his destruction -- we are given the best pieces of insight and wisdom through other people that interact with Henry. It did take me a while to adjust to the constant jumps in time and between characters. However, once I did, the novel moved smoothly and seamlessly and I was very happy to be able to get to read this novel.
I think I do. These days everything moves really fast. There’s all kinds of sub-genres so it all depends on what you’re talking about. For instance, just this morning I heard about this track. It’s a Foster The People remix for “Blue Jeans” (by Lana Del Rey) that Azealia Banks raps on. She’s dope. The guy that mixed our record was doing her record right after ours and I was like, “Dude, can I sneak in?” I’m excited to hear Azealia Banks’s stuff.
Suddenly, her forward progress continued only from the knees up as her foot caught the leg of the chair that had just slid back from someone oblivious to her approaching. She tried desperately to free herself from the chair while at the same time maintaining the balance on food and coffee in her hands, unfortunately something had to give as the inertia on the plate of food won the battle, the food became a flying missile headed for the back of a man’s head who was just about to sample his blueberry pancakes!
“Gessner knew where they were… are…”
If you remember last Thursday in this POST I told you I bought this beautiful girl for $20.00 and it was high time she had a makeover...well, today's the day... she's finally finished.
Say Hello to Santa
(Smell you the smell of the grapes on the vines?
When the Russians when to war in 1853 in the Crimea – a peninsula jutting into the northern Black Sea – part of their justification was to protect the Ottoman Christians…. France and Sardinia, both Roman Catholic countries, joined the Ottoman Empire against Russia (The Burning Tigris, Pg 5).
Earlier that month, with our temporary registration in hand, we put the boat into Assateague Bay for the first time. It was on that trip that we named her. We toured the five marinas on Chincoteague and paid specific attention to boat monikers. “Birthday Wishes”, “Reel Time”, “Triple R”, “Miss Daisy May”, “Island Time”, “Dream Baby”, “Crabber One.”
Big congratulations to everyone and thanks to everyone who joined in and made this such a fabulous and fun event !!! :-) Can the winners please email the individual designer for details on how to claim their prize :-)
Click image for 958 x 1305 size. Scanned from Portuguese magazine Gente, n. 20, 26 March-1 April, 1974.
In the evening, Rebecca took us on a walk around her village and introduced us to her friends. We happened upon a ceremony- a goat was killed and the blood from it's neck was spilled onto a woman's feet. Apparently she's now a witch doctor, she was "called" by her ancestors to go to training to become a traditional healer. If you are "called" by your ancestors, you cannot ignore it! There was lots of chanting and dancing. It was really cool! (Minus seeing a goat die from 5 feet away).
Don’t Wear Any Underwear: This is always sexy. It’s not totally hygienic, but really sexy things rarely are. Take it from one who knows.
Now just in case I get disqualified for having more than one hero, the one I would nominate (if my arm was being severely twisted) would be Joanne Scrace of the notsogranny fame. She is truly inspirational, a real go get it girl for several reasons:
Life before him was like the sky without the sun. Like a bowl of cereal without milk. My like was like a… I’ve run out of comparisons. As you can tell I’m not much of a writer. I’m more of an artsy person. I capture moments on a canvas, and leave the rest up to the people.
He cut his teeth here. Acquired the Allahabadi style and speak, and joie de vivre.
Yes, "Phase II" orthodontia begins today, right before we head to school to pick up class lists, sign on to the PTO and put a few shekels in the hot lunch fund. Wish us luck on all accounts.
The aperture ring offers 3 different graphics. I assume this was done to make it completely obvious for everyone using it. The right side offers apertures of 11, 16 and 22. The top is a visual representation of the aperture opening, from wide to small. The left side offers sunlight variations.
THANKFULLY the tattoo artist refused to put it on my arm and the places he was suggesting were only going to be seen by my husband and there was no way he was going to see, let alone tattoo me there. So I happily left unscathed by a needle! The girlfriend, not so lucky! She left with an infected belly button ring! (Yes, I did chuckle one of those "Ha ha, you're a dumb ass" laughs.)
This is a really nice dessert and 5 Weight Watchers Points/Plus based on 15 servings.
Hello and welcome to 4 Crafty Chicks! Today is Thursday and you know what that means, we have another fun filled challenge for you. It is me Tamie, your hostess for this weeks challenge. So when coming up with this challenge I thought what is one of the things I cherish and well that is my girlfriends. How lucky are we all to have girlfriends to make memories with or a special woman in our life that deserve to be celebrated. So this week lets celebrate chicks because we rule. Come on out and show us your girlie cards.
Factor S ? ?
What surprises me is that, in both statues, the Leaders are wearing spectacles.
I also was very busy with getting 39 cards off to Jennifer McGuire for a Drive they have been doing for the last few years, Cards that Care, where in they collect Christmas cards to send to the seniors that don't have family in Nursing homes and such, check it out, the drive is over now, but keep it in mind for next year, I work on them through out the year for this drive. So I was busy filling in and writing in each card, so that took me some time.
2000 USCIS i600 fees ($720/ea x 2, $225/ea x 2 for required Embassy medical exams for kids)
by the broken
Then, we dipped in.
This reduction in height starts in 2012 with the nose limited to a 55cm height and then in 2014 the nose tip must fit into a zone just 25cm high.
Don’t forget that this year, from season-to-season, is all about color and texture, so dare to be bold and take risks with your selections: your wardrobe will thank you. Additional trends at the shows and a hint at what’s going to be hot for fall included:
You know I'm a little bit old school in the ways I like to do things. A little bit back to the basics...cloth diapering, breastfeeding, natural birthing, etc. Why? Because they are better. :) Ha. Truly though...I don't think that anyone would argue that point, but for some they just choose to not do it even though they know that it's better. Totally their prerogative. But, all of that to say, when I found the back-to-basics approach of eating, I knew it was for me.
Torn fresh basil leaves
“Honey, are you alright,” she asked.
First, go on " Google" , then on " Google Images " , then put in " Victorian Scraps" and get some copyright - free images that you like and print them off.
808 State & Björk Ooops UK/IS
A: Grace Kelly
And that guy took my spot. Hello sir, I had my blinker on! Rude.
I have done a ton of personal work over the last few years, and in some areas of my life it shows tremendously. In this area, a very important area to me, it seems I am REALLY struggling. I haven’t felt this way or respected someone this much for as long as I can remember. He makes me want to be a better person and not only that, but he tells me every day that I am a good person and that I am lovable. Why can’t I believe it and let it be?
I can’t predict the future
Furthermore, the bodywork being tested in this area may not include any component which is capable of allowing more than the permitted amount of deflection under the test load (including any linear deflection above the test load), such components could include, but are not limited to :
163. Tom Yum Soup @ Thai Spice Cuisine (Doylestown, PA) 12:49 p.m.
VARIANT by Robison Wells is a PW best Book of the Year, and Robison is a PW Flying Start.
In a small pan, add the lentils and water. Bring to a boil and allow to simmer for about 30 minutes or until water is absorbed and lentil are soft. Check on it after 15 minutes to make sure it doesn't burn and there is enough water. I didn't soak my lentils and ended up using 1 1/2 cups of water and it took 45 minutes to get soft. Once soft mash with the back of a spoon or puree in an immersion blender. Make sure there are no pieces otherwise they will dry up when you bake the cookie.
My friend, Deana, entered this recipe in one of my contests at the Iowa State Fair. When I saw the cranberries, I knew it would be perfect for an after Thanksgiving recipe. Deana used chicken in her original recipe; I changed it to turkey.
An old friend of the blog sends us the following:
Q: What else can you do to help my business get the most for our advertising dollars?
and which are the ways
But Stanley K. Stowers, in his Rereading of Romans, spends a chapter discussing Greco-Roman culture and how it influenced Paul’s views of sexuality. This is especially important in light of Romans 1, arguably the prooftext exemplar for those who argue the sinfulness of homosexuality.
They wanted me to heat up a dish. Fine, I did.
Once you have filled your shopping cart on our site with all the resources you want, put BLOG2011 (capitals, no spaces) into the coupon code box to get your 20% discount. It is as simple as that.
1908 update:
Keep in mind that District 11 is in Kabul. These guys aren’t rolling up on some ANP checkpoint in the middle of bad-guy country. This is in the capital city. Where there’s bowling. In contrast, this is the ANP Colonel’s take on the relationship:
Records – North Salem 0-8; Mahopac 1-5.
Her: A fanny-ole.
Of course, a challenge is only as inspiring as it's designers and the
They addressed this test thus: “Krishna is not an ordinary person, he is an incarnation of the Supreme Godhead.”
The pits
Scheiden und Meiden
We are back from our whirlwind tour of Australia. I will be suffering from jet lag tomorrow considering it's 11:30 and I'm still awake. I rarely stay up past 10. I'm an 80 year old trapped in a 29 year old's body.
Your office neighbors may have a negative reaction or be confused and may not have the resources to receive education or have someone to set expectations regarding this change. They may reach out to you or you may want to reach out to them in order to provide assistance. What you want to avoid is leaving your office neighbors without resources to allow them to be educated or be aware of the expectations. This can result in a negative response and even turn into harassment for your employee.
Pulling off a structure like that (much like pulling off a precisely designed circus) takes a lot of control, and control is what Morgenstern has in spades. For a book to really work as more than just a meditation on style, though, an author, or at least her characters, sometimes needs to lose a little bit of that control. Here's hoping that Morgenstern lets loose in her next novel and combines some of her wonderful descriptive skills with a little more feeling.
When my daughter says, or does something embarrassing, I always joke with her by saying, "Oh, I'm so going to blog about this tonight!" She knows I don't, since she reads most of it. I got in major trouble after the Shopping With Girls post. There were promises made, yadda yadda yadda. So, I have to be nice.
Backdrops will take a nightmarish turn – grey reality will segue into a threatening red hued forest with shadowy trees. I felt that reality, memory and nightmare could be entered at certain points reminiscent of the dark corners that lead to hell in so many David Lynch films.
From the LBGT community, they basically can’t stand Christians, because they (mostly) think they’re all hypocrites and condemn them to hell. Not true.
Heyya! This morning I'm up bright and early to get me some Badger football tickets. They go on sale at 7:30, but knowing how I hate being in a rush, I woke up at 6 to get my morning routine straightened out before I settled into my competitive seat infront of my laptop. Basically, there are only enough tickets for a puny amount of the students, so competition is FIERCE. I'm feeling especially competitive because last year, I was late by about 30 seconds and didn't get any -- I ended up buying them for double the price from a grad student off craigslist. Yeah, rather not have to do that again!
“And the same was true for all of us. Everything we had every lived was a twig off the same tree, a finger on the same hand. .Add time, an it became blindingly obvious that the entire tree of life on earth was alive and physically connected, even after three and a half billion years. Not in any metaphysical way but literally, materially, back through all tie toward the root. The same primordial mitochondrial ocean was and is still dividing inside each and every one of us.”
let me always be with you
Strewing itself is not some magical, transcendental thing. A smorgasbord is a wonderful analog. Or dim sum. I love dim sum! Hey, let's go get some lunch when we're done chatting, ok? Essentially, strewing is any sort of hint about what's available in the wide world which might act as a springboard for their curiosity. Sure, books are good. A book on astronomy left on the coffee table can lead to a mini-career, or even a professional career!, for the right child. However, books are not the be-all and end-all of strewing. Seeing a cup of water expand when it turns to ice in the freezer can lead to a sophisticated exploration of chemistry. Why the hell does water expand when it freezes while almost everything else contracts? Wow! I never heard of triple points before. That's cool! And they're off on a wild race to knowledge, where they soon discover, if they haven’t already, that there's no finish line and that it's a lifelong pursuit. For another child, finding an interesting pebble on a hiking trail might open a path that leads all the way from that small trail to the entire universe of geology.
Have a catchphrase, like “thrill me”, or “I’d buy that for a dollar”, because if someone is shooting a documentary about the aftermath, you’ll totally get more screen time. It might be good if you have a theme song too. It’s even better if you wrote it (see: Step 5 - Learn Guitar).
Oh, what a memory. Thank you Sally.
2 level tbsp. shortening
The outcome is the a flabby, bovine, nation of people who care only for trivia and possessions, who actively believe that the history of their race is shameful, that their country owes a debt of guilt to other nations, and crucially, who do not care if their people were to vanish from the face of the earth.
MATT HALISCHUK:
It worked too, as the bike fired right up, held an idle, and even held a nice low rpm idle with no choke after it warmed up. It takes throttle well too. So of course, I grabbed my helmet and realized I was going to actually ride Salty for the first time. I was never able to get it running well enough to want to try.
I wish my excitement for this show could back to the way it was in the first half of the season because “What We Have Is Worth The Pain” has it’s moments but the writing is too inconsistent at this point and it’s looking less and less likely that this show will deliver a satisfying conclusion to these chain of events or go further than this series.
“If the towers had been reduced to 20 or 25 stories, it would have been possible” . . . “Environmental impact studies for Atlantic Yards predicted that Ratner’s project would cast shadows “for most of the … day” during the spring and fall, and through the afternoon in the summer. In the winter months, light will be “severely” diminished.
That is the response to atheists who equate Christian love with evil. They either do not understand or refuse to see that love does not involve hate; those ‘Christians’ who scheme against others and sin against them are antichrists, because they work against Christ. They are not Christians at all.
And hopefully it means we won’t need to put our names forward for clinical testing any more.
What a bore you know you are!
A migrant dream of any HUMAN.
A sailboat for you
I may be no economist, I may have a fractious relationship with basic arithmetic and I may be past my prime, but ask anyone who knows me and they will attest to the absolute fact that, ever since Baronet Gideon Osborne's emergency budget I have been asking how cutting jobs in the Public Sector will magically create more jobs in the private sector? I can't grasp the whole 'throw people out of work to kick start the economy' argument. I don't understand how taking a wage packet off someone will encourage them to spend. I don't understand how taking away someone's tax-paying ability and replacing it with benefits
Lets change the subject to Beets. I made a wonderful dish called Hamad, Iraqi Braised Lamb with Beets and Tomatoes from Jewish Cooking in America, by Joan Nathan. I got the recipe from Splendid Table.
KUALA LUMPUR: There is no logic in Suaram’s claim that Prime Minister Najib Tun Razak sought US$1 billion (RM3 billion) for a meeting between French company DCNI and him in 2001 for the Scorpene submarine deal.
Well, the first solo-release of the Berlin based singer and guitarist Margareth Kammerer (The Magic I.D.) contains five solo-recordings as well as collaborations with Axel Dörner (Die Enttäuschung), Chris Abrahams (The Necks) and Yoshida Tatsuya (Ruins).
Manager Harry Kraft had a long season but was still having fun with it. Fielding
[16] Note that in Colombo District, as distinct from the amorphous concept of “Greater Colombo,” the population of Tamils in 2001 was 12.2 per cent, having increased from11.2 %
In a large bowl, cream together the confectioners sugar and shortening until smooth. Gradually mix in the milk and vanilla with an electric mixer until smooth and stiff, about 5 minutes. Color with food coloring. To decorate frost and sprinkle. Allow frosting to set, then store in an air-tight container.
The monks offer knowledge. Well, the monks are damned. You should know this now. The vultures will pick apart their damned bones, and we will toss them in a pot and I will show you real knowledge: how to read the futures, all of them, in the broken bones of broken monks. Is that not true knowledge? An education so fine has never been offered before, not by me. I have sons, thirteen, and not one of them can claim what I offer you now, child.
Jennifer Lopez – in Zuhair Murad (but worried on how it would look in real life his beading usually doesn’t look nice judging from gowns I saw in Zuhair Murad Boutique from previous collections)
I had a pint of Crouch Vale Yakima, a bit underwhelming, and scrutinised the fridges, which were packed with a good range of Kernel bottles, and some Oakham and Brodie's offerings. I'm intrigued with the way Brodie's bottled beers turn out. I've had a few now, and they've all been excellent in a way that makes their draught counterparts seem like different beers. The London Porter is good on cask but sensational in the bottle, for instance. The Fountain had Seven Hop IPA - the colour seemed much darker than on draught, and some of the huge hopping had given way, leaving a big balanced beer with a lovely mouthfeel and nice drying finish. I wrestled with stopping for more, or making one last pitstop.
I have written on and off since I was a child. I used to take episodes of a rambling tale set in Russia to school on a weekly basis and make my friends read them. I also wrote a few ghost stories and then there was that little hand written, hand illustrated magazine called 'Quest' that survived for two issues.
Haw first pitched his tent on a patch of grass over the road from Big Ben and Westminster Abbey in 2001 and became a familiar sight to millions of Londoners and tourists.
I got just the response I wanted from the principal today, but –
Good luck! The giveaway ends on May 12th at 11:59 pm eastern time.
Two European trademark blogs, MarkenBlog and Class 46 referred to a publication in Germany’s business newspaper Handelsblatt on the effect of the proposed new "Bilanzrichtlinien modernisierungs gesetz” (Accounting Directives Modernizations Law). According to the two blogs this introduces new accounting rules for small and medium sized companies how and when to report development costs of their intellectual property on their corporate balance sheet.
3 lbs pork
“You guys! You guys! Oh my God. Ray Charles is dead!” I said, gasping and flailing my arms.
who sat on top of the mirror looking down at himself
I flicked through vegan yum yum today and decided to make this easy looking soup. The addition of chickpeas almost qualifies it to be a supermeal but it's still a bit too low in protein.
Here's a song to celebrate Spring: Morning has Broken - Cat Stephens
reconcile all things in Christ,
2. Ewww, grosse, I can see your knickers.
My mother can't speak to waiters at all, she would tell us what she wanted and when the waiter asked her for her order, she would look frantically at us and mouth what she wanted.
12/2 Lacrosse, WI Warehouse
When released by United Artist’s in 1967, Racism was a critical issue. This was during a time of integration of the American Black community into the rest of American life, without segregation, that had reigned supreme since the end of the Civil war, nearly 100 years before. In the Heat of the Night is about an African-American detective from the north coming to Sparta, Mississippi to assist in the solving of a murder. The movie, however, was filmed in the more understanding North, in the small community of Sparta, Illinois, a small town about 50 miles south/southeast of St. Louis, Missouri. However, the film was also filmed in the small river town of Chester, IL. You have to remember, the producers did not want anything to harm the African-American actors at a time in American History, was so violent towards the community. Filming in Illinois was much safer than filming in either Mississippi, Alabama or Georgia, where racist’s would kill a man, woman or child just because of their skin color.
If you got your teaching qualifications anywhere else but in the UK, you will need to have these qualifications compared by NARIC.
Other People Exist is a zine started in October 2004 by cartoonist and elementary school teacher Kurt Xxxxxx. The zine consists primarily of comics and prose by the author and guest contributors. Also known as OPE, the zine is produced on a Sharp AL-800 copier and hand-folded and stapled by the author, who closely inspects each finished copy for blemishes.
It can also be used to rename a file, by moving the file to the same directory, but giving it a different name.
The problem is crystal clear, the solution is a whole other issue.
“It won't take long.”
It took the kid a while to respond. He was still getting over the shock of the whole thing. New people, new job, new planet. Shit can be tough.
Angela
3 c. sweetened condensed milk ( I bought two 14 oz. cans and used all of it, figured why not use that little bit that was left…)
She knocked quietly on the glass doors before pushing them open.
Let me know how you get on.
Ride on the right
Me: "What? No way, we are calling them woo-woos forever."
34. Baby It's You—Smith
Following his successful 2004 release, Garifuna Soul, Aurelio spent four years in Honduran congress “advocating for his people in the political sphere”. Laru Beya marks his return to music, but in many ways, this album is a departure. It exudes confidence and floats freely. Whether this is freedom from the marginalization that all too often comes with being Garifuna, or freedom from the the constraints of an increasingly formulaic genre, Aurelio’s voice is powerful and earnest.
AND Yes, The New Vic has an excellent restaurant and cafe...jampacked last Saturday lunchtime .....but once my friends appeared with their plate of gorgeous cakes, I could certainly see its tasty appeal!
The task at hand is finding a long lost son and nephew for two elderly African American ladies, one of whom is on the verge of passing on. To complicate matters, Lamont Gadsen has been missing for forty years in a plot angle that calls to mind the TV show Cold Case. He was known to be present during a 1967 Martin Luther King, Jr. rally in Chicago at which a young woman was killed. To aid V.I. in her hunt for the missing man, Paretsky introduces a much younger cousin, Petra, who happens to be in Chicago working on a political campaign.
Meghan sent me a lovely package of incredibly useful stuff. She included a notebook, glitter polish, a cold compress for Jackson (too cute!), ad a travel pharmacy. I'm especially excited about this because I have a few trips coming up and now I won't have to take a bunch of medicine in different containers. It's all right there!
Since getting married in June, my husband and I sold our house and moved across the country to South Dakota! It's been some crazy months, heheh. Oh yes, and I took my husband's name so I'm in the process of re-inventing my art business under Carmen Medlin now instead of Carmen Keys. (Which means my portfolio website has changed to www.carmenmedlin.com!) It just felt better to me to do it that way, even though I know I have to re-market. Hopefully I've made it relatively easy to still find me if searching for my maiden name.
This event is related to the ribcage pain I mentioned earlier.
Daly's bankruptcy petition made no mention of LSP Digital, which remained open to submissions and continued to do business well into the bankruptcy proceedings, using Light Sword Publishing's URL (here's a snapshot from May 2009, courtesy of the Internet Archive). That URL lapsed in 2009 or 2010--but Daly had registered a new URL in late 2008, and LSP Digital was active at that URL as late as February 2011. At some point, though, it too disappeared. It looked as if Daly and LSP Digital were gone for good.
- Ex. Yourname_titleofwork.jpeg
Heart and Souls
Of course, I felt personally sorry for those students who were unlucky to have their names drawn out. They looked real upset too. But while their sad and angry faces lingered in the corner of my eye throughout the rest of the class, I was real impressed by the work the class as whole did. It was exciting to finally see some vigorous mathematic exercises in place.
What could be more joyous than joining in with your fellow humans and singing a beautiful, uplifting song? “He who sings well prays twice,” said St. Augustine.
Isn't nice when you can get more bang for your buck but combining 2 stamp sets together to create a whole new card?!!!
The whole gang setting up for the day...
Before you back out of the driveway, make sure that everyone, or at least the deciders, is on the same page about key elements of the trip. For example, I have a pretty firm "No IHOP" rule. Mr. Incredible knows that barring some unforeseen disaster, our family breakfasts are not going to happen at IHOP while we're on the road. We have conversations about wake-up calls and how and where we're going to spend our time (Park Hopper tickets make this an essential discussion). Everybody in the group, even the non-deciders, has expectations about what will and will not be a part of the trip, and communication about this is so important.
This morning, she emerged looking bedraggled and ill and asking, “Do you think I’m better yet?”
I lost my iPhone today in unfortunate circumstances. The pain I feel, I am not able to describe *sigh* There was a brief moment of hope when I remembered I had a Blackberry catching dust somewhere waiting to get fixed. So down to the phone shop I went in the hope that I could at least still have a way of making and receiving contact whilst on the go. “We can fix it.” *Sigh of relief* “Come back at 4pm, it’ll be ready then.” *Tears of joy* (Whoever told you men don’t cry, they lied) I went back at 4pm to be told “Sorry, this is a bigger problem than we thought, it’s going to take longer…” How much longer? “Come back on Monday”
Early reviews of Joss Whedon’s The Avengers are, for lack of a better word, ecstatic. Already the film is in IMDb’s Top 250 and has a 97% on Rotten Tomatoes. Can this superhero juggernaut really be this great? We do not know as of yet. The film has premiered in Europe and fanboys are flocking to the theatre yet American fans are forced to anxiously await for May 4th to roll around. Few people have actually seen the movie and therefore we must rely on promotional material and hardcore fan opinions to make any sort of judgement.
Happy Saturday, welcome to a new challenge with Speedy Fox and Friends. This week we are challenging you to make a card using shades of blue. With so many different shades of blue out there your possibilities are endless.
The opportunities in basketball, baseball, and perhaps soccer and wrestling are there, too.
Furthermore, Jules does the talking as the two retrieve the briefcase from their target. These instances of a black man in charge over a white man challenge the ideological assumption of race that Anglo Americans are superior to other races.
The man ran into the Kredi Bank in the Serbian ski resort Nova Varos wearing a balaclava and brandishing a shotgun and demanded tellers hand over all the cash they had.
It’s not difficult to fathom why the Chinese are so clueless. One viral Bersih 3.0 clip which has easily registered more than half a million views to date (in total from several separate video uploads of the same incident) hammers home the point.
Sky dive
Photograph Taken: 12/23/2006
Christina was beautiful and fair; half Caucasian half Mexican with a lot more Spanish blood than Indian. At 16 she ran away from the controlling and prison-like existence her father had imposed upon her. Because her mother had died when she was only seven, and her father had disowned her upon learning of her pregnancy, she had called me, a friend of the family, for support. I went through the pregnancy with her and was at her side for Ally’s birth. When the nurse handed the little whimpering bundle to me, I knew that God was handing her to me. Her tiny brow was furrowed and I gently rubbed her forehead until she relaxed. God was telling me to protect her, to take care of her, and to be there for her. I softly told her that everything was going to be okay, and that I would take care of her. Her father chose not to take responsibility and she had no grandmother so I, having no children of my own, at age 45, asked Christina if I could be Ally’s “grandma”. Christina welcomed the help and the free babysitting.
Bear told me about, so I'll post about that, and the other things I found, next.
I am so delighted!
Billy Harper: tenor sax
So anyway… Here’s what happens when you’re a good apple. If you literally stop police from beating up an innocent person, as a cop, your job will be put on the line. Her department is calling her “psychologically unfit for duty” and trying to fire her.
Thanks to the wonderful medium of DVD, Eugenie De Sade has joined a growing library of choice cuts from the Spanish maestro. The Region 1 release - from Wild East Productions - apparently contains an acceptable transfer of this low budget film, with the added bonus of an "Unfinished Franco" supplement, comprising of 18 minutes of footage from 3 aborted projects shot in b&w between 1978-80 (one segment featuring Susan Hemmingway). While Oracle Entertainment's Region 2 UK release does not include this footage, their presentation of the main feature is nice and sharp, with strong colours. By all accounts, this is a far superior transfer though Franco completists may well look beyond this delicately balanced trade-off and purchase both.
From the mask in my picture, you could be forgiven for thinking that I have gone for ‘Burglar Betty’, the good woman who reforms – and marries – Allan and Janet Ahlberg’s ‘Burglar Bill’. But you’d be wrong. The white lumps are the basis of my character’s costume and it occurs to me that I should probably offer a prize to anyone who can guess who it is.
I watched Scream 4 solely because I am a completist. Nature abhors a vacuum, although there was really no big hole to be filled from the lackluster Scream 3. my big issue coming into the film is how its motif would fit in with today’s horror. The Scream series is as much a satire on horror as it is horror itself. The genre has changed a lot in the last decade with torture porn, found footage, zombie flicks, and ghosts of creepy kids replacing the hack and slash films of which the series used to poke fun.
I think I’m at the edge now but I could be wrong
What attracted you to children's literature? Do you see yourself writing for adults, or editing adult fiction, in the future?
Or of course, it'd be a great present to keep for yourself!! ;)
Until her mom got sick…
From Glantz's vantage point way down the rabbit hole, the BBC is a pro-smoking organisation.
1. But the greatest honor is to able to tell others that Jesus loves them.
The Law of Attraction sounds good and it does work. Yet I’m betting there are many people who have, will or are facing the physical withdrawals when fighting an addiction. So, I want to offer this advice. It doesn’t matter if its cigarettes or cocaine, alcohol or meth, food or something else, never try to stop cold turkey over night. It won’t work and its dangerous. Bad habits are one thing, addictions are completely different. When dealing with a true addiction, the Law of Attraction is only one tool in an arsenal you will need to overcome the addiction.
Not this year.
We often find ourselves comparing the girls ..... and although there are some obvious differences.....they really do look quite alike we think.....theres no question really...... they obviously come from the same batch.
For today, I was working on a post about my recent visit to Blenheim Palace, but I’m now planning to post that tomorrow. Instead, I’ll leave you with a restful moment near Dolbadarn Castle in Llanberis, North Wales.
Our approach to fighting temptation is similar in that we should be planning for its attack before it strikes and making certain preparations so that we are better equipped for the battle. Randy Alcorn, in his booklet, Sexual Temptation, insists that preparing for the battle means taking time to “cultivate your inner life”. For him, he admits this must include more than a daily quiet time. I agree with him. While I understand many Christians struggle to meet with God in his Word and in prayer just once a day for 20 or 30 minutes, we are actually called to meditate on God’s Word “day and night” (Joshua 1:8) and “pray without ceasing” (1 Thessalonians 5:17). This does not mean that you have to be thinking about Scripture and praying every minute of the day, but it does mean that you should be returning to God in these ways at different points throughout the day instead of just having a brief chat before you start your day and saying goodbye until the next morning.
Then like I said earlier, we clean it all up at the end of each day. You wake up with a clean slate so no matter how messy it gets it is doable. At 5:00 I announce it is time to clean up. After they say they are finished we get in a line and march around the house. I shout, "March! March! March! Halt!" We stop suddenly crashing into each other and I point, "pick up that sock in the corner!" or, "Elijah, straighten those books!" then the rest of us keep marching while he runs to do it then get back in line. We go all over the house like that until it is all picked up and tidy. The house gets cleaned, we are having fun together, everyone loves it.
It may turn out to be the best moment of the holiday's for me....maybe of all time.
From the mean and the variance values, the normal and severe cluster cannot be distinguished from each other while the mild cluster value slightly overlaps with the two (Fig 3).
It was my first encounter.
Sophie was just a baby in a basket. She would sleep in a little sitting room, oblivious to the celebrations going on in the grand dining room. And then as she grew up, Peter would set a little table just for her in her private sitting room.. she grew older and helped Peter in the kitchen.
Hope you have a fabulous whatever-day-it-is-when-you’re-reading-this.
Pitching coach Jason Kelly said that Lee is a great leader who has been at it for a long time. He has had different teams and been in different situations so he knows how to motivate. Kelly said that he has learned almost all of his in-game knowledge from Lee, and has had great moments with him as a player.
Then the minister claimed that we had not sold sniper rifles to Libya since the protest begun.
Have you guessed what it is yet?
Rep. Jim McGovern (D-Massachusetts), who is also sponsoring the amendment, recently said, “I’ve introduced a People’s Rights Amendment, which is very simple and straightforward. It would make clear that all corporate entities, for-profit and non-profit alike, are not people with constitutional rights. It treats all corporations, including incorporated unions and nonprofits, in the same way, as artificial creatures of the state that we, the people, govern, not the other way around.”
St Anselm, pray for us
to leave me at the shore
So. Today, let's do something a little different. Let's not have a word as the topic. Let's just use this letter, J. Somehow though, the letter J has been a big part of my life. It's really funny thinking about it. The more I think, the more I realise how much my life has consisted of the letter J.
Why shouldn't Iran have a nuclear weapon? Israel has it. Why does Israel think it needs a nuclear weapon and Iran doesn't. Why should Israel have nukes in the first place?
I wanted to make a post full post of good-sounding quotes for a story that I’ve found and managed to actually write down over the past few years, but realized that half the list I recorded is on my laptop, and the other half on my PC. Guess that means I’ll just have something to blog about next week then!
“To put myself in it, my dear fellow. It was of very good design, and I thought it would balance the font on the other side of the entrance, but those early Christians were stumpy little fellows and I shouldn’t have fitted in. I wasn’t going to lie there till the Last Trump with my knees doubled up to my chin like a foetus. Most uncomfortable.”
For around $15, you can get the map with 142 Breweries and Brewpubs marked on it. On the back of the map is a tasting guide, a list of homebrew shops, an approximate time travel chart, a list of state parks and other helpful charts. This map would be great for not only the traveler to Colorado, but also a resident.
I Will Always Love You – No one does Whitney like Whitney, but Amber Riley delivered.
The next problem is that the hearts are top heavy. This makes is more difficult to dip into the chocolate. When I started to dip, I could feel the pop was not very secure on the stick. Through trial and error, I was finally able to dip and keep the hearts on the stick. I'm trying to figure out a way to describe it, but I think you have to feel out while doing it. Just go slowly, take your time. Once the heart is covered in chocolate and sets until the chocolate is hardened, it will be very secure on the stick and you can proceed normally without worry it will fall off.
Extra Ending
I am currently lost. Not misplaced with my destination only a few turns away. More like, L O S T down a deep abyss, and I am not sure if the rescue crew is going ever locate me.
33. Great Expectations - Charles Dickens
I’ve deliberately not compared our tactics, manager or situation to any other team. Mainly because I know that there are 89 other teams in the football league who are in a worse off situation than The Arsenal. But there can not be many fans as frustrated as Arsenal’s.
7. When I was about seven, I hatched a plan to have a hundred children, name them all after flowers, and spend my afternoons making industrial quantities of toffee apples. Fortunately, no part of this plan seems likely to come to pass, though some of the flower names were pretty special. Ranunculus Harlot has a certain je ne sais quoi.
The Bath Bubble and Beyond Aloe Vera Soap has been handmade with the finest ingredients, the Aloe Vera and Glycerine ensure your skin stays gently moisturised all day with no irritation.
Basically, I realized that it was an important issue to me, I knew nothing about it, and I wanted to become informed so Nick and I could make an educated decision for Logan.
Second blog done. Uploaded by mobile phone.
visiting Jen's blog today. I'm all about keeping things neat, clean, and organized in our home, which isn't always easy while juggling life with my husband, a lively 2-year old son running around, and a full time job. But keeping our house organized truly gives me such JOY! So let me show you a couple of things I've done with our home.
The day is finally here! WEBSTER PAGES Girl Land is officially on sale and shipping starts this week! We can hardly wait to get this new collection out the door and into your hands.
If you think that your church could benefit from the expertise and enthusiasm of a Latin American ‘reverse missionary’ then get in touch with us.
Every other week or so I like to feature a business run by a SAHM. This week I asked my friend Laural about being a Pampered Chef consultant. This great company sells high-quality cookware at affordable prices. I just ordered a couple these two items and can’t wait for them to come in.
living for amazing views
The RAF warned that people in south-east England will notice an increase in air activity at certain times, in particular this weekend.
Leave any questions you have in the comments and I'll try my best to answer them.
For anyone interested in learning more about the South London Gallery and their exhibitions and residencies, check out their website! And go down there for Febrik’s “Play, I Follow You” exhibition starting on the 17th May.
Nestor, the Long-Eared Christmas Donkey ... ABC Family ... 7 AM
Kira thought again of the way he had looked at her at the river the night before and sighed. She imagined what it would be like to feel his arms slide around her waist and draw her to him. The wind blew and she let it be his breath on her neck and his hands in her hair. A beat began in her head, making her feel sultry, and she moved in time with it, locked in Phantom Keith’s embrace. She pictured him spinning her around through turns, only to press her body firmly against his once more.
GOODNIGHT MR TOM by Michelle Magorian. Classic, quality storytelling with a big heart.
The Workout
The birth, itself, was amazing—as all births are. Mama was standing when she delivered, and that baby dropped right out onto the concrete floor of the elephant’s stall. The keepers were quick to pull the baby to the side and Mama did, indeed, look worrisome to me. She was clearly agitated/excited, straining to get to her infant but the keepers were concerned about this little 250 pounder being crushed accidentally. They worked hard to clean the baby and get him to his feet steadily so that he could be released into his mother’s care after Mama had settled down somewhat. All went well, and baby was standing and suckling within twenty minutes, Mama clearly enjoying her little one.
Saqib Khan, Karan Raut, Ranjini Basu and Rupesh Kumar
This gorgeous image is of course from The Graphics Fairy's blog - thank you Karen for all these lovely free graphics. I printed a couple of copies and cut out various bits for extra layers to add some depth. That telegraph pole looks very like a cross to me and I love the moody, Winter sky.
The Occupy South Africa movement took to the streets of Cape Town outside Parliament on Saturday to show its solidarity in the first step of their campaign against the greed and corruption which is rife in South Africa.
I just wished that at least you will open up and voice it out eventually
The other book that I bought from Shakespeare and Company was The Secret Life of France by Lucy Wadham. Wadham, a British woman just a bit older than me, marries a Parisian and attempts to immerse herself in French family and culture . . . which is a very different thing to just admiring and appreciating the abridged tourist version of things. It's a strange measure of how long I've lived in England, now, but I felt a strong identification with Wadham's point-of-view.
But I loved it. Adored it. Fiercely.
It’s a small club of which I find myself a member – the one that includes parents who at some point in time came close to losing their child, or wondering if they were going to make it to the next day. (I don’t even attempt to truly know what it feels like to have lost a child.) This is not a club for which anyone would volunteer.
What English misses in detail, and what would have led me to eat my full dose of crow was the impact that all of this had on ordinary/uninvolved New Yorkers. The crime was outrageous, but it is outrageous today, too, in a place like Over-the-Rhine. Gang-bangers shooting druggies is violent struggle (with not exactly noble purposes), but it ever-so-rarely touches the pharmacist who lives with her family in say, Loveland. These individuals are largely absent from “The Savage City.” I can only surmise that while there were incidents of random robberies, crimes, and murders, the ordinary New Yorker was more often harmed by the fact that the country’s perception of the city went straight to hell and as we know all too well in Cincinnati, perception can cripple a city.
I’ve said it before. I admire the honest, hard working and noble individuals still doing their best, endangering their lives on a daily basis, to provide effective policing in South Africa.
Me when I'm REALLY casual. And looking stoned...for some reason... (I was tired that day. idk. xD )
Hope you all had a wonderful one! Enjoy the start of the week!
Will the dollar crash?
Parents! Extremely loving, extremely cautious parents who, rather than letting their kids navigate the slide on their own, put them on their lap and let gravity do its thing. The problem is: The thing gravity is doing is breaking their childrens’ legs.
Which is I guess what interests me about HOTBIRD's rebirth. Understand, that for me HOT BIRD means as much as a manhole cover. Even though I've gone on at length about all manner of things destroyed and discarded, even the DKNY sign with the NY Skyline that used to be on Houston in the Soho, ironically.
Journalists also have expressed concern about a looming proposal by the A.N.C. to create a tribunal that would hear and adjudicate citizen complaints against media outlets over issues of fairness and accuracy.
Gross?
And the flesh rots.
The poem is perhaps the greatest lesson we should strive to learn, as once we comprehend this, it opens up a whole new meaning for living our lives.
But enough of that. For now I'll celebrate the fact that I've survived for 10 months and the tumour doesn't appear to be growing. (touch wood.) Life isn't bad, even with a brain tumour.
I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to limit myself to only a picture that I perceive myself to be
Real life included for us a Valentine's Day gift of head lice, and a month of frantic hair combing and massive amounts of laundry. We have a whole heck of a lot of hair, thanks to this mama's good genes.
June 17, 2011 — Entomologist called by the defense states if there was a body in the trunk, there should have been hundreds or even thousands of blow flies trapped in the trunk as well.
I found their sprawled positions rather humorous.
15. Little Willie John - Leave My Kitten Alone
Anyway, it’s not as if she actually hates school. I know that when she screams in my face and is kicking and flailing at me that she hates school every morning that what she means is she hates the transition process no matter how gentle we try to make it. We have some good mornings, but statistically they’re the opposite of good. Especially after school vacations.
That very homogeneity, according to one view, is what lends the VPO its distinctive character - it's a feature, not a bug. In a 1996 radio interview, for example, transcribed and translated by the musicologist William Osborne, one member described the orchestra's demographic makeup as an essential component of its style.
Mat 8:2,3 If You are willing, You can make me clean. Then Jesus put out His hand and touched him saying, “I will; be cleansed.” And immediately his leprosy was cleansed.
It was hard to walk up to your headstone and see this.
This morning I realized that on days I'm not feeling real cheerful as I head to work, I keep hitting "Play" on my Hugh Laurie blues CD, "Let Them Talk".
When she came to Elgin she worked at Henderson Furniture. She had to dust the furniture and use a Ewbank on the carpets. There was no vacuum cleaner to use.
Well, I've come across 2 linky parties asking for recipes for things you cook on a busy schedule. Growing Kinders and Clutter Free Classroom are each hosting one. I thought, "Now that's what I need!" So to add to the list I thought I would add my easy go to recipe. I'm not sure that it is exactly a precise recipe as I tend to fall more into the add a little of this or little of that kind of cooking. My family loves it when I experiment. My crock pot is definitely my best friend in the kitchen. There are no exact measurements as I usually throw in what I have.
You learn that you can transfer your ouwne picture to make stamps.
Leaders are not only accountable for their actions, but also before their actions. Certainly, leaders should be willing to explain their actions after the fact. However, they also must be prudent enough to prevent morally inappropriate courses of action from ever presenting themselves in the first place.
- Well designed Trails
But at high levels a master crafted sword for 100 SC might seem like a deal. Shields run in the same price range, but for some reason I am not as enthusiastic about paying a buck for an in-game shield.
The winner of a Wags 'n Whiskers digital image is:
L.A. Noire is not the masterpiece that I had hoped when first seeing its dazzling prerelease trailer. It may, however, be the closest thing yet to a time machine. I spent hours just sightseeing in its wonderfully accurate recreation of post-war Los Angeles. The city might be little more than an elaborate set and, perhaps, a lot of unnecessary work for a rather narrow purpose, but it remains an extraordinary achievement. I admire L.A. Noire for what it is trying to be even when it falls short of those ambitions. This is a big-budget videogame where gunfights and car chases are only the side-dish. Deliberate and considered crime-scene investigations and interrogations are where the game plies its trade and that, at least, makes for an interesting change of pace. It would, however, be wrong to recommend L.A. Noire for what it is striving for rather than what it is, and it is, usually, merely competent.
I still can't believe my baby girl turned ONE.
Dicy for gods sake keep John from volenteering and tell him I am away to try and stay at home and take care of you I would of come home to of seen all of you but could not come without deserting. so good by for the present and write soon.
After looking at me as if she had doubts about what she was taking on, she told me she hadn't but there were some people in the church porch and it might have been one of them. So I went to have a look. I have seldom seen a group of people less likely to contain a crying woman.
According to Elizabeth Rogers and Thomas M. Kostigen, authors of The Green Book: The Everyday Guide to Saving the Planet (2007, Random House), each American uses an average of 2,200 two-ply napkins a year. The National Resources Defense Council states that if every household in the United States replaced just one package of 250-count virgin-fiber napkins with 100 percent recycled ones, 1 million trees would be spared.
well little did we know how extremely hard the actual brass portion that fastens to the door is to find. We found tons of knobs, but actual brass pieces = near impossible. My sister in law took me to this huge antique store and after several hours I found two beautiful brass pieces
Her meaning now was clear to see
We are the only solution.
I taught this course last term, and it's the one that has changed the least. (Here's the syllabus.) It's also probably the last time I will get to teach it, because we're in the midst of hiring a full-time, Ph.D'ed person to do so. Thus, I didn't want to put too much energy and effort into redesigning a course I have no future with. Luckily, last term went really well.
Anyway I probably got more rakeback on that battle than I lost, you fishy fish.
This is Kaylee Nicole of Wild Flower. Since the lovely miss Charity is out on vacation, I'll be posting today! The outfit I chose was partly inspired by New Year's Eve night in London. Although I am from the states I am always pulling inspiration from other countries. England is a popular favorite for myself, fashion bloggers from there always have the best style! Anyways, hope you enjoy!
If you think back a few months ago, Fernando Torres, Chelsea’s striker, experienced the same slump. He went months without scoring a goal. Fortunately, the no goal streak has come to an end. In his last game against the Queen Park Rangers he scored his first hat trick in two and a half years. Although he helped Chelsea seal the 6-1 victory, he believes that he still needs to improve. He feels as though his performance was better when he was not scoring. “I am very happy with three (goals), hopefully the first of many, but the more important thing for me is the team looks like they are playing their best football of the season with important games to come.” This shows that Torres is aware that he is part of a team and there is no perfect soccer player. Even though he is scoring goals his job is not done. Chelsea needs to win the rest of their games this season in order to make the top four. Both Torres and De Rosario realize that soccer is not an individual sport and that it takes all eleven players on the field to work hard and contribute whether they are the ones scoring or not.
I’m going to give the Browns entire draft, at the moment, a C++. If The Walrus gets over his bromance with Seneca Wallace, who’s apparently a dick and refused to help Colt transition last year (unless he was honest and told Colt, “Dude, I have no idea what I’m doing either. Your guess is as good as mine. Maybe better!), I’ll feel better about the season.
He’s fought for everything.
When I visit India, I’m always pleased to meet Trishna Dey who lives in Ghaziabad and listen to some of her new poems. She is an original poet, writes simply without too many difficult or Sanskritised expressions and more or often than not I have found the words enchanting and deeply expressive. Despite the power of her writing she has acheived little success. I suspect that this has more to do with the poor encouragement that India provides to its writers, thinkers and poets than with the content and quality of her writing.
Hope you guys like it! Feel free to tell me what you think!
I cannot marry him…..
Wiping them away with a finger, Jason stooped down to kiss me, and said, ‘I’m not going away, Scarlet.’ He pulled me closer to him. ‘And neither are you.’
The trip to the dealership, twelve miles one way, was a blast from the past for me. When I last worked for Tedious Systems, it was the route I used in my daily commute. I don't miss that drive or the atmosphere at Tedious.
There's two chances to win a Craft it Forward gift made by me for you. All you have to do is leave a comment letting me know why you love making things or love handmade stuff and then what you would like me to make for you if you win. Do you fancy a Spring Posy Brooch, Whoopie Doo Pincushion or a Jolly Good Egg Cosy?
Since this is a blog showcasing the artist in all of us, I hope you will send me pictures of something you have created and hopefully where you choose to create it. It can be a picture of your kitchen table or the cozy area in your den, just remember that there is an artist in all of us and no space is too small to be shown here on ...Where We Really Create.
“You have a very sharp mind,” I said, ignoring the obvious flaw in his argument. “I hope you’re putting it to good use in Birmingham.”
The Lord your God will raise up for you a prophet like me from among your brothers. You must listen to him. (Deuteronomy 18:15)
In fact, airlines also should receive more than 80 percent of the permits they need for free until the end of the decade — part of a strategy by the E.U. to offer generous terms and conditions to encourage the industry to participate.
Day two at hanasu, we would like to introduce you to a program that has been around for a while but is not known for its language learning resources. Over the past ten years, MIT has offered more and more classes online for free. Some of these courses include only the syllabus and recommended texts, but others go much further. They include multimedia, recordings of classes, and free textbooks. The program is called Open CourseWare and there are now over 2100 classes available. MIT, known very well in the world of linguistics for notable alumni such as Noam Chomsky, also offers a number of different language learning courses as well. The free textbooks are especially worthwhile. I have been using one to study Chinese in preparation for a trip there this summer.
It did give Mark a bit of a laugh though, and he wanted to go and rescue Abbie from “that utter slag”, but I stopped him. Maybe an “utter slag” is exactly what Abbie needs since it’s doubtful that either of them would rush off to the town registry in the week to come.
Which non-White populations do you demand be more racially “diverse” until there is “enough diversity” to blend the host population out of existence? or are you only anti-White? you only demand White geNOcide, no?
What are your NYE plans? I hope they involve some sparkle!
On a fence.
It was also from this quote in which Neil’s next three albums (Time Fades Away, On The Beach, and Tonight’s The Night) were given the title of The Ditch Trilogy. In addition to this a few months after the death of Danny Whitten friend and roadie Bruce Berry passed away in a similar fashion. Young’s next release was the live album Time Fades Away that was released in 1973. This album was not like other live albums in many ways for one, it was a live album composed of previously unreleased material, which was unheard of at the time. Time Fades Away was recorded directly from the soundboard onto a 16 track Quad 8 CompuMix, which was the first digital mixing soundboard. This was done at the request of Young, producer David Briggs was strongly against this method. As a result of this unorthodox recording approach (a proper master tape was never made) the album features a muddy sounding mix. Time Fades Away was released on Vinyl, Cassette and 8 Track tape in October of 1973. Neil Young has been very outspoken as his dissatisfaction with this album. He has stated that it is his “worst release”, as a result Time Fades Away has never been released on CD. In 1995 a CD release was planned and test pressings were even made, but it was shelved and not released. Recently, it has been stated that it will be released on Neil Young’s second volume of his Archives Box Set along with Time Fades Away II. Young has been quoted from Guitar World in 2009 as saying about Time Fades Away II “It's a completely different thing, with completely different songs”
Church is an excellent place to meet women. If there aren’t any single women in the church you go to now, visit other churches until you find one where there are single women. The church itself will provide you with an opportunity to get to know the woman before you ask her for a date. You will be a lot more comfortable and so will she.
MaryBeth and her husband, John, have a beautiful home on Hull Bay with views of downtown Boston. The two have worked meticulously to create a warm and inviting environment. We arrived in the late afternoon for an overnight stay. MaryBeth settled us into what they call The Nautilus Room. Comfy luxury enveloped us. The room was perfectly appointed with views of the bay. Sail away, sail away, sail away!
Long story. There was a story, one of four which I'd originally written in 1999-2000, which was published in Granta in 2002 and which I'd assumed I'd be including in this collection. But when I looked at it properly again, it didn't feel right - it felt like something I'd written when I was 23, not something which I would write now. It felt like I'd be including it just to pad out the pages. But it also tied in so nicely with the themes and landscape of the book that it seemed a shame to leave it out. And yet I wasn't at all sure I wanted to rewrite it; I've always felt that when something is
I called her and we talked for a bit. I said, "she's not doing good....maybe there is a part of you that knew that inside yourself and it came out in your dream."
Richard Gnolfo ... Michael
Leave now to simmer- Oh what a hoot!
“Sometimes you can still catch me dancing in it.”
and closer....
Because I am not being obedient when I take them.
could do to improve the relationship. Stand by for part two of this
What have you accomplished this year, what are you harvesting, what are you putting down to grow anew?
Her father with the same bemused smile as before walks over to where she is standing. Then taking a large hop from just behind her gives the net a hard swat.
Cons: I cannot remember when any of these holidays are. I will never remember when these holidays are. It is a lost cause.
The Rub is a legitimate massage parlor operated by Georgia (Loretta Devine) — ninety percent of the time anyway. The other ten percent consists of “The Client List” — guys looking for a little extra, or “happy endings” as we’re more familiar with today. Riley insists that she will not provide any “extras” — even though “the girls that don’t do extras, don’t really do that well” at The Rub. That is until she comes home to discover that her husband has abandoned her and she’s in danger of losing her home.
Well, the Runaway Bunny's mother must be one of the best, considering the lengths she promises to go in order to be near her child:
Not only was he brilliant, he was handsome, with the red gold hair so prized by his race and class, and although he was on the small side, he had as well the strength and physique of an athlete, a tennis player and a fencer. He was also born into the highest levels of the English nobility, the heir to the second oldest Earldom in the nation. Had he been born in Italy he would have been regarded as a Prince, for there, unlike England, the nobility still retained complete control over their medieval demesnes, which we call principalities. His rank, although in some respects a marvelous gift, was also a curse, for although it gave him a great deal more economic freedom than most men of his age, it also tied him to a prescribed and highly restrictive role in the life of his community, a role he could escape only in the theatre or in the pages of a book; ultimately it demanded the sacrifice of his identity as a writer.
There is a reason why people have jumped from one system to another…from Renegade to MLSP to Magnetic to iLead System, back to MLSP and so on…
Pokémon HeartGold
He said: “Afflecks gave quite a few people their break. It showed anything was possible. I opened a few clothes shops and we had one in Leeds that did very well but the city had no decent bars so I started one that had the first two am licence, the Town House, which was successful so we opened a couple more.”
I went the clean and simple route with this card, but I would like to try the sketch again and take it up a notch. Isn't versatility great? Barry is colored with Prisma pencils and accented with glitter. I wanted to let the DP shine, so I used just some simple beads for the sentiment. Was thinking of adding some snowflakes, but I made myself stop...after all, the snowflakes on the DP are so pretty.
These are good questions.
Matt, Ranae, and Bobo walk in from the back and stood on their spots. Matt did the intro and after they all talked a bit about themselves, the stories began. A couple of young boys started off, a father and son, and soon others followed. They didn't want us taking pictures while the show was being taped, so in between I snapped a couple here and there. Some of our friends had fascinating stories along with others in the building. There was one lady who insisted she was a fairy and that Bigfoot was a Hobgoblin. She went on to tell us that we will never see a Bigfoot or rather Hobgoblin, and get photos or video of one. Bobo mentioned the Patterson/Gimlim film of the female Bigfoot but she said that was a Hobgoblin. Bobo said, "Oh well, I guess they caught a Hobgobin and not Bigfoot". They let her finish her story and did ask her some questions. As you can see the stories varied with some sounding legit and others a bit like they were made up.
This journey toward Zen isn’t about the Math. It is about the point that the Math doesn’t even matter. Even though Calculus eventually explained the paradox in terms of a Convergent Infinite Series, Zeno’s Paradoxes are a reminder that life itself is the Convergent Infinite Series. It is filled with approximations and the lessons of common sense because nothing can be quantified exactly. It is the sum of infinite moments frozen in time. More importantly, it tells us that despite the infinite number of these experiences, we always get to the end of the trip. Always.
even far across many lands,
In fact, with so much going on, it’s quite possible that you might have missed some key Panini America developments in the last 144 some-odd hours. So with kickoff to Super Bowl XLVI now just hours away, we thought a comprehensive recap of the week’s events was in order.
-We're now planning a trip to Tokyo this summer. KTW has work and I'm tagging along :) Must renew passport asap.
Our first choice was the seared tuna sandwich. On a soft, sweet roll, rare strips of gorgeous pink tuna were heaped with a thick bedding of tender baby spinach and a brightly contrasting, sweet ginger aioli, which I loved. On the side was a small pile of sweated shallot, which I added to the sandwich, not knowing if they were just an optional topping or meant to go with my side salad. Each pleasurable mouthful melted away effortlessly. I instantly devoured the entire thing, which was not huge but certainly an adequate size.
Someone on Google+ took offence (or did he?) and posted (or did he?) this comment:
This isn't going to be a proper review, sorry! I just wanted to mention that I LOVE this lotion. I'm not big on lotions, but this is one I actually try to remember to use because it smells so good (like coconut & vanilla), and it feels really great too. I don't feel any lotion residue after its sunk in and my skin feels very smooth.
He took people's ideas and called them his own (even after publicly denouncing them at first).
plan are for participants to keep.
According to the coroner’s report published on the day Mr Cormier died, a negligible amount of alcohol was found in Mr Breitbart’s system but there was no evidence of prescription or illicit drugs.
A major highlight for Josh and I was that on a few evenings we would leave the kids at the hotel with a movie and we would go out on a date. So, we got some special treatment too, and we are very thankful.
Me: “I think that’s kind of racist.”
We all have excuses for not doing what we say we are (writer, singer, student, friend, health conscious, etc). Who do you say you are, but your actions don't back it up?
shuffling of feet,
He tried, right?
These things have definitely helped me a ton in the past few years. I went from getting to work at 10:00 am or later to getting there around the time I'm really supposed to which is 8:00 am. I'm still late (that's a whole other issue, no?) and I still loathe getting up. I curse my alarm and the morning regularly. I still feel sluggish and sleepy-eyed. I'm not saying you'll like it. I'm just saying that it helps adapt...a little bit...to the Day-Timer/Early Bird world.
The BBC as well as New Zealand and Australian television news-networks have covered the racially motivated killing campaign Africans are conducting against the Afrikaner farmers of South Africa. Not Kyra and her colleagues at Fox, MSNBC, ABC, and CBS. No wonder, then, that the orchestrated ethnocide against the entire Afrikaner people has not been brought out into the open, as they like to say on CNN.
I don’t think the council is making up any lost funding. The council funds most where there are the most applications. So far as I’m aware, in the past it has not had a policy of trying to build up areas irrespective of where the applications come from.
chiasmus press is slowly unfurling out of hiatus. we have a big idea about our reincarnation and we want you.
Protestant Western churches could lend some of their benevolent ecumenism and Biblical historicity to their Central and Eastern European brethren. But they should learn from the latter’s resilience, connection to the mystic chords of memory, centeredness on the home ethny, and an unabashed support for traditional, masculine values. It’s not in vain that the latest bridge in Slovakia is named after Chuck Norris, but Chuck’s home country can’t rename itself fast enough after Martin Luther King Jr. and Cesar Chavez, and soon enough, Harvey Milk, too. Western churches might learn as well that tolerance is not surrender, and compassion for the poor is meted out to individuals through the virtue of private charity, and not to social classes through the vileness of the Socialist state.
It is possible that critics like Schickel were too accustomed to Peck’s image as Atticus Finch in To Kill A Mockingbird (1962) to imagine him playing tougher characters by that point in his career. While Peck might not have been the right ethnicity for Artiguez (the character was based on a real-life anti-Franco rebel named "Zapater"), he got everything else nailed down perfectly about the character: his laziness, his grumpiness, his method of viciously pulverizing all those who lie to him or stand in his way. Zinnemann, who in his autobiography praised Peck as having turned in a “riveting performance," was right to cast him.
Johannes then called in Makepisi male, and he was not all too far from me so I thought it would be a good send off for my guests. En route we came across fresh lion tracks. I unfortunately did not have the time to follow so called them in, and rushed of to get in a leopard sighting before my guest’s early breakfast. Makepisi was hiding in thick mopane and continued to do so, only popping out briefly before hiding back in the green foliage. It was quite tricky terrain and after a struggle to get another station in the sighting, I rushed back to
dancing party-hearty on the floor;
That’s all you need to know right? Wind farms cause climate change. And so a myth is born.
What shelter do you currently occupy? Are you looking at changing your shelter soon for another?
your heaven and your hell
On this day, 100 years ago, the Territory of Arizona became the State of Arizona.
I know you might mistake this for being professionally made but let me assure you, I am just an amateur at this.
You are the driver. You see the pedestrian one second too late.
*Medallions made from the molds I created, either pressed or carved. I plan to paint them and leave them around town as random acts of art.
And if you can't understand what's implicit in that, then you've come a long ass way (in the wrong direction) from when you wrote 'White Like Me' and all the comprehension you claimed therein on what it meant to be doing what you were doing.
Volley’d & thunder’d;
I could work on the kitchen.
5 chances on twitter according to the following schedule:
Stewface / Mold - Split (it was cheap, and it looked cool.)
Here's the thing. I am by no means an authority on everything. I've only made it 30 years in this world so far. But, I have been through some things. Some awful things. And for every single one of those 30 years, Jesus has been with me. He officially took up residence in my heart when I was eight years old. He was with me through everything. Even when I pushed away. He was there when I was hurt, when I was in pain, when I was the one doing the offending. So, I can say with authority that forgiveness benefits you, yourself, first and foremost, and then it benefits the offender.
Sometimes I get a little resistant to change and sometimes I don't mind it. Depends on my mood, I guess.
Pierluigi Fucci
Copyright 2012 by V. L. Locey
A Bill – H.R. 3596: United States Call Center Worker and Consumer Protection Act – introduced in December, 2011 in the US House of Representatives has been reffered to the Committee.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Desperate to somehow return to 2009 to save Holly but unable to return to his rightful year, Jackson settles into 2007 and learns what he can about his abilities.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 13x9-inch cake pan and put aside.
So, in other words, you select all the files, and drag them into the clips pane, where they’re not in the movie yet, but they’ve already been imported. You can’t put them directly in the animation, because imovie messes up the order, so it goes: 1, 4, 7, 3, 9, 2, 6, 5, etc. In the movie timeline, it’s really hard to reorder things, because when you move one way, then you have to go back to put in, but the clips pane scrolls separately from the timeline. Also, unlike the regular style, I can blog while I import, instead of having to wait, then drag, then wait, then drag, then wait, then drag, then wait, then drag then wait, then drag, then wait, then drag, then wait, then drag, then wait, then drag, then, wait, then drag, then wait, then drag, etc.
That’s your prompt: whatever game you’re playing, create a boss for that game. Tell us everything you can about the boss (we want to be ready when we fight him!).
Today was western day at my son's pre-school. My husband was home as well. Normally, I take advantage of that, and let Daddy take the little guy to school. (Daddy is gone a lot, so it's nice to let him have the time with the little guy, and it gives me a small break.) ....But, this morning, wearing his cowboy gear, he looked soooo cute, so I decided to ride along, and just soak in the moments. Our son is five, and it's going so fast!
Make-up - Rogelio Reyna / Bobbi Brown
When you my son and my comrade dropt at my side that day,
Free State Brewing Co. Ad Astra Ale
When we got home I asked john to take the shopping out of the car,he saw the cat food and asked why I had bought it,we do not even own a cat!!! I made an excuse that I picked it up by mistake,instead of dog food.He then tells me we did not need dog food,we needed BIRD nuts!!
the arrogant fool
Precise?
Publishers present stories that lift up the readers…. and do everything in their power to create, develop, and maintain the crucial link between publisher and reader, creating prosperity for both.
Before his capture, Goering wrote a letter to Gen. Dwight D. Eisenhower, Supreme Allied Commander in Europe, offering to work with Eisenhower on the conditions of the German army’s surrender, according to an account of Goering’s capture by Brigadier Gen. Robert Stack kept by the 36th Infantry Division Association.
The German newspaper Die Welt, which apparently obtained an advance copy of Grass’ poem, published a response by rabid Zionist Henryk Broder, the country’s most prominent Jewish writer. “Grass always had a problem with Jews, but it has never articulated it as clearly as he has in this poem.” Broder said “Grass has always had a tendency toward megalomania, but this time he is completely nuts.” I would expect Germany’s leading Jewish writer to come with something slightly more astute.
Last November, readers of, among others, Parade Magazine and Cardmaker Magazine saw an announcement for a free "open amateur poetry contest". Poems of "24 lines or less" could be sent to a New York City address, and would then be eligible for $100,000 in prizes. A perk of entering: all poets would receive a "personal critique" of their poem.
a) Clarity on the scope of the safe harbour provisions - do they extend to acts of primary and secondary infringement?
We get it, you have good lungs. It’s a group thing, we don’t want to just hear you.
2) giving change
That’s too simple.
My word for 2012 is....
more Ribbon, pattern paper, Card stock, Glimmer Mist, Robins Nest Dew Drops,
But through his music, I had learnt alot.
You helped me remember how good it feels to face something I've been avoiding.
I don’t remember how the mandap looked or the food tasted… I didn’t care how fat I looked in the sari or how white I looked in the makeup… All I remember is it was one of the happiest days of my life and all that I planned for didn’t contribute one bit to it!!!
- This has some after tones of kerosene.
He smiles and takes another bite. They continue walking.
Tear..do not cut, pieces of newspaper into strips. Dip a strip into the glue mixture, use your fingers to remove excess glue, then wrap the strip around the bird. Continue this until your bird and its tail are covered. Now is the hardest part.
If you already have the old version of Dopesmoker? If you're really into it, you'll wanna check this out. Otherwise, stick with the old version. Tune in, turn on, burn out, daddy-o....
Today is also a very special bloggers birthday. I'd like to say Happy Birthday to my friend Becca over at Everyday Life. Today is the big 40 for her and she's having a party. I'm making sure the bar is stocked too. So go on over, wish her a Happy Birthday and have a drink, grab some food and have some cake. It's going to be a blast.
2. Add tomato puree, salt, red chilli powder, garam masala, and water. Mix well and bring it to boil.
A piece like the one Abrams wrote depends for its success in garnering headlines — which it did — by assuming no one will bother to get into the weeds and do the homework. Usually a safe assumption when dealing with the mainstream media, particularly a mainstream media that, as one with Establishment Republicans, hates Newt Gingrich.
I'm super stoked about all of this.
I’m taking it from the start
For the sides I used just the plain part of the sheet without the pretty lace edging. You will have some loose threads so just pull those till it stops raveling. I liked the raveled edge so did not hem.
What
I should have known it would end badly, as did the speed bump, roller skating evening and escalator. And, while those other things happened a long time ago (and still proves my landlubber's ineptness), the fact that I was 35 and playing with a Skip-It makes this one instance even more monumentous. Just ask Anasatan who keeps threatening to buy me lemons as a present. I just turn it around and make lemonade and I stay away from any Lemon Twisters. They're evil, you know.
Kenneth Jay Lane Foiled Again Statement Necklace
If you click on 'videos' - there are 92 videos there of me performing my poems. If you click on 'For Adults' and scroll down to 'Articles by me', you'll find articles I've written about poetry and writing.
Now that the backyard demo has started, I've been scouring online photos to find elements I could add to our yard, based on our shape, our needs (we want grass finally!) and the size.
So why still go to conferences then?
TNGHT (Hudson Mohawke x Lunice) – Bugg’n (official stream)
Karissa and I are certainly very lucky to have gotten to know so many great people. And in the same way, our guests visit us from all over, and also bring their interesting stories and characters to the Azul adventure. In fact some have even been known to get so comfortable that they stay on as staff.
12. Sergio Mendes and Brasil '66 - Crystal Illusions
School has not turned out to be as wonderful as I had hoped and I am contemplating another place to continue school. I am only in the 2nd quarter of school at the place I am going and am already so disappointed and dissatisfied that it pains me to go every day (I know, melodramatic). I was so excited to be back in school and to learn new things and meet new people and challenge myself.....blah, blah, blah....
The butterfly flew towards PARK HA (Bu Yong’s counterpart – also played by Han Ji Min) – who is selling fruits – and lands on her shoulder. Tae Yong starts to sketch Park Ha’s face in a post card.
Cancer comedy. It doesn’t really seem like those two words should be grouped together. It would also make people take a step back and ponder whether any movie that is a cancer comedy would work. Surprisingly not only does it work, but it was a great film. The comedy and seriousness blend together to make a touching movie that doesn’t get too depressing but still offers genuine human emotions. Joseph Gordon Levitt is great and Seth Rogen proves that he does have a deft touch to be able to act when he wants.
the emperor of the Holy Roman Empire?
Note: Despite our best efforts to get review copies, we were unable to test Tom Tom, AT&T Navigator, and CoPilot Live USA. It should be noted that these apps were not considered in our evaluation because we couldn’t test them.
Despite my one week where I was down in the dumps and really slacked, I still had a very strong month of training in April! I did slightly more than in March. I am continuing to remain injury-free, which is a huge goal of mine when it comes to training!
A number of gentlemen who reside in South Brooklyn were having a friendly chat upon various topics a few days ago at Masonic Hall, when the conversation turned upon the subject of supernatural appearances. Several of the party told of strange experiences they had had during their lives, and Mr. Benjamin R. Hicks of Fifth Avenue, related an adventure that was so strange that it made a deep impression upon the minds of his listeners, and was not laughed at as other stories had been. The story he related came to the ears of an Eagle reporter last evening and he sought out Mr. Hicks. He was found busily engaged waiting upon customers at his place of business.
2) False-Positives Can Be Managed–Just as in disease detection and medical diagnosis, there can be false-positives, and we manage these by validating the results through repeating the tests or performing additional corroborating tests; so too with pre-crime screening, false-positives can be managed with validation testing, such as through interviews, matching against terrorist watch lists, biometric screening tools, scans and searches, and more. In other words, pre-crime detection through observable cues are only a single layer of a comprehensive, multilayer screening strategy.
Juju - Medium brown/taupe shimmer
I also hate it when the dog eats the bird’s bread! IT’S SUPPOSED TO BE ME EATING IT! Although I usually just have a small bite of the tasteless old slices of bread…. But he eats them all up, and then the poor birds don’t get anything… Ha, like I care.
Brown Boi Music updates:
I'm sure you can imagine. I'm reduced to a puddle of tears. It gives me a pit in my stomach.
I didn’t get a photo or video of it. However, maybe when I snatch 160 I will get a video haha! They are usually more so for me to be able to look at my technique and correct things than to say “look at me.” I usually hesitate to post photos or videos, but, I know a lot of people always message me saying they appreciate it. I guess I just like to quietly go about my business and train. Anyway, time to eat some supper and get ready for a big day tomorrow!
I could tell you all of those things, and more, but you won't really get it, because I just do not have the words to describe how amazing that was.
Imagine if skill acquisition was like an onion.
MLSP stands for My Lead System Pro. It is a system where you will be guided on how to generate a steady flow of leads for any business. It is a more innovative and dynamic system, compared to the old and stale lead generation systems.
I am proud to be prejudiced – I am prejudiced against muslim invaders who want to impose their customs, laws, food, religion and race upon ours.
- one that I'll get better at everyday - because that's what happens on new jobs. You start out not knowing quite what you are doing - people help you along and give you tips, but there is a lot of learning and troubleshooting. It takes a while to find your rhythm, figure out what things you are good at, and what things you need more help with.
"The one who gets to the end first is ME."
Crayola Outdoor Colored Bubbles aren't ordinary bubbles. Because they contain color, they're messy and will leave temporary colorful marks on skin, cotton and cotton-blend clothing and intended outdoor surfaces. This took some moms by surprise when they used the product last year. They loved the idea of bubbles in different colors, but weren't expecting them to be messy. Crayola quickly acted on parents' feedback and created a new version that keeps all the fun for kids and makes clean up easier for parents. Color magically rubs off skin, hoses off of many outdoor surfaces and washes out of cotton and cotton blend clothing.
Vivekananda gave us the essence of the Upanishads as a series of lectures and books.
**Names have been changed to protect the identity of this family. All quotes are mother’s exact words and it must be noted that her first language is not English.
something sweet and optimistic to get us through january - my least favourite month.
“Absolutely. Yeah,” Abbott replied. “They’re critical.”
Lumley
Culled from Pointblank News of Tuesday 1st May 2012
As her guests enjoyed the tea party in the East Room, Mrs. Obama, clad in a sleeveless shift with a sunshine yellow top and a pale gold brocade skirt, hailed the three generations for their homefront service.
An ad-hoc High School reunion tomorrow. Many old acquaintances, some old friends….
We were all just talking and stroking each others’ arms and legs, when one of the other girls declared:
Money Matters is funded through the Big Lottery Reaching Communities programme until June 2014. Our aim is to establish Money Support Groups in and around Doncaster Borough bringing money saving tips to the sessions and much more. We deliver a free confidential one to one money / debt advice service which again can be accessed across Doncaster. This one to one advice can also be given over the telephone.
you see you have to understand you have to adjust - you may like certain things like a tall, gorgeous, blue eyed boy but .. life isn't going to hand everything to you on a plate.
Teetering on the bipolar
As time spun, they’d frantically search for each other on their Cyber-Planet where their shared music inspired them at their deepest soul level.
4) I truly believe that I once saw a ghost in our home in Dallas, Texas, after I had gone to bed one night. She was non-threatening and produced feelings of awe rather than fear. However, I never slept on that side of the bed again.
Your spirit guides my ways.
And it was unearthly hurting that he, never accidentally, erased us – including me. Never, not even once at all, did he, for heaven’s sake, give a reasonable elucidation on the said matter. And other turmoil which I will not elaborate much further.
“So why don’t you do it?”
I quickly hung up and told my sister about the call.
You have until 11:59PM Central Time Febuary 29th to add your link below.
Convenient location with nice ocean views and with in walking distance of a nice little beach you can watch the sun set from this large five bedrooms, four bath split level home with a studio on the bottom floor. Situated on a cul-de-sac with a 2 car garage.
With that, my attention turned to what was happening to other Muslims in different parts of the world. And everywhere I looked, I saw the powers that be trying to destroy what I loved. I learned what the Soviets had done to the Muslims of Afghanistan. I learned what the Serbs had done to the Muslims of Bosnia. I learned what the Russians were doing to the Muslims of Chechnya. I learned what Israel had done in Lebanon – and what it continues to do in Palestine – with the full backing of the United States. And I learned what America itself was doing to Muslims. I learned about the Gulf War, and the depleted uranium bombs that killed thousands and caused cancer rates to skyrocket across Iraq.
Lt. Cmdr. Robert Randolph Elseth, 37, Vestal, N.Y.
Its that time of year again. The days are getting longer, the sun feels warmer, the weather starts to warm up... then you wake up the next morning and its -10F and you are knocked right back into reality. This is February, in Alaska. Spring is NOT just around the corner, although it is only about 2.5 months away now.
Japanese peonies have a similar appearance, but the stamens are both more narrow and more level and produce no pollen. Other varieties are either semi-double or double. Semi-double peonies have multiple rings of petals circling around visible stamens. Double peonies produce concentric rings of showy petals that hide the stamens.
A chronicle of the unending journey of the Wandering Author through life, with notes and observations made along the way. My readers should be aware I will not censor comments that disagree with me, but I do refuse to display comment spam or pointless, obscene rants. Humans may contact me at thewanderingauthor at yahoo dot com - I'll reply as I am able.
- soft yellow paper straws
Shortly after, the nose and tongue appeared. I breathed a sigh of relief that, for the first time, we were about to witness a totally natural, unassisted birth–something we have been praying for for some time now. As we watched, Shiloh took a couple breaks, then resumed pushing. Suddenly, after about 30 minutes since we had first seen her lay down, the foal popped out. Within another minute, the foal broke free from its sack, and began to try to right itself.
“That, actually, might just work,” said Hermel tapping his chin with one finger. Lanna stared at him with her mouth open, and rolled her eyes.
-We have the resources to provide financially for a child
I received a notification from a group I sometimes attend. A woman, who I didn’t really know, lost her son in a suicide bombing in Afghanistan.
1/2 cup light brown sugar
I did set a deadline for myself with PIERCING THROUGH THE DARKNESS. I was pushing myself into getting the novella done for the few people who actually wanted to read it before anyone else really knew I had written it. The process was pretty simple. I took my short story and translated it into an outline for a longer story. The novella is divided into six chapters. Each section except the last is divided into three sections, each in a different person’s perspective. I told myself to at least finish one section of each chapter if not more each day. Then as soon as the novella was actually written, I took a few days to edit it. I edited it at least four times and had a fellow writer friend look at it with fresh eyes for me, so I could meet my set deadline. I was a few days late, but I managed to get it done and published.
The last one made me want to linger on each moment. Each touch. Each detail of the person. So when the book ended people would look up in the phone book and see if they could find my characters there, because they swore they were real.
I still don't have a definitive answer. Take a look, but if you haven't seen this before and have a low tolerance for piercing shrieks of agony, maybe you'll want to go read the Meatloaf post again and meet us back here on Monday.
We have one room in our entire house that is baby-proofed enough to leave Mariah unattended for a minute or two....or so we thought. Since she has started pulling herself up she can now get her head wedged between the couches. She didn't seem to be too upset about it!
The Corsican Brothers (Les Frères Corses, 1844)
Dr Jaiya informed us that at WIPO on World IP Day the late Steve Jobs of Apple was being honoured, so it seemed quite apt that in the UK IPO poll Sir Jonathan Ive - Senior Vice President of Industrial Design at Apple Inc. had been voted Favourite British Visionary Innovator 2012.
Life is easier without cats.
She has had to get homework done and violin practice in and has jumped in and gotten it done with a great attitude. She hasn't blogged, but it is because she has been busy. I continue to hope that she will continue to blog as a release. I firmly believe that blogging is an awesome tool for her continued healing.
As I thought about the words spoken, "Do this as often as you drink it in remembrance of me..." my Lord drew me to communion with him; not just on Sunday morning but every time my body is sustained by a piece of bread or my thirst quenched by a drink of water. This is what my Father is doing for me each time I commune with him. I am allowing His broken body to keep my earthly broken body moving forward until the day He calls me home. I am letting His blood quench my thirsty and dry soul.
To become a Hero, call (803) 540-1219 or e-mail Paula.Thayer@redcross.org. Click here to make a financial donation, call (803) 540-1241, or mail to the American Red Cross, PO Pox 91, Columbia, SC 29202.
* Black Friday shopping
Taking on racism, incest, domestic violence, and issues involving gender and other seltsamkeit, The Devil in Miss Jones 4: The Final Outrage may be crude and a tad lewd at times, but it repeatedly goes places where most adult films are too afraid to venture. Sure, the scene where two racists are forced to fornicate with members of races they purportedly hate isn't the most subtle jab at bigotry I have ever seen. But the amount of courage it took to stage something so potentially incendiary needs to be at least acknowledged.
Friday 6th April: Day off work!!! So out to Inveruglas for 9am to climb Ben Vorlich. We got up and down in 5 hours, with 8.5 miles of terrain & a cairn to be found after a 945 metre ascent.
We decided it was time to man up and be there for each other all the time.
Pour over batter.
Rawwwwrrrr, makes my tummy growl just thinking about hunger. I'm going to talk about both kinds of hunger. Head hunger and real, stomach growling hunger.
Here's my sample ...........
–TBM
It’s important to put things in perspective. In a world plagued by political atrocities, environmental disasters and fatal incurable diseases, bedbugs aren’t really that big a deal. But they are, I maintain, one of the lonelier afflictions out there.
To be successful on Broadway, a show must be original – and it seems every show has some unique accounting problems. – Anne Stewart FitzRoy, May 2
Cnr of Noosa Eumundi Rd and Gateway Drv
- Cheesa: She demonstrated some of the strongest singing of the top 16 and she had the power stances down pat. If she won it would be a validation of the show’s emphasis on vocal abilities. So why didn’t she move forward? I respected her performances, but other than “Don’t Leave Me This Way” I didn’t like them. Perhaps the voting audience felt the same way? Regardless, I felt she got robbed in the Cee-Lo pick.
Stamps: PTI Love Songs, Tiny Treats Valentines, Wplus9 Heartfelt Mix
"No kingdom can be secured otherwise than by arming the people. The possession of arms is the distinction between a freeman and a slave". - from "Political Disquisitions", 1774
I hate them. And DD4L isn’t around to help me daydream about taking an M4 rifle over and wreaking havoc (really, I am a sane person, he was the one who would pull the trigger).
Someone in front of me lets out a baleful “Uh, oh!” and the pandemonium begins. It is hard to enjoy the hustle and bustle of a cancelled flight. News of it alone sparks Armageddon. Like wildly rearing horses the terminal becomes strewn with ear-pricked, disgruntled inhabitants stampeding in mayhem over their unconventional manners. Emotionally heightened conversations detonate my travel bubble, and I am quickly dispersed into the dispiriting scene. The realm of pure noise is hardly a soft landing as I careen into the bedlam of luggage-toting figures. Stumbling my way further and further into the sodden gloom, I search for a spot to stretch my legs for I too am an emotional casualty. Not finding an empty seat, I crouch on my baggage and resign myself to my fate.
43
I am impossibly sore. I love it. I love post run healthy soreness. I love sore achy muscles after a good lift. I love the tired legs after a great spin workout. Some soreness is good for you, it lets you know that things are getting done in your body. Nothing wrong with that. But I would love to be able to take the time to relieve all that soreness and let it go with a nice long massage, so that I can feel fresh for maybe one day. To be able to get the tactile muscle soreness release and feel the comfort of your body just letting go of its exercise stiffness and soreness. I have never had a massage. I am always jealous of people getting the post endurance race massages. I am jealous of all the friends who I know who have had deep tissue massages and talked about them in the most spectacular terms. I would really like one but I cant afford one.
instead of disrespecting their own religion by
This story is of legend in Canada and if one listens to the CBC and the liberal media this man is a hero. One only needs to ask the families of the Belgians slaughtered if he really is. A General looks after his own and I don’t hear a lot about those who were left to be cut to pieces as their General witnessed and drove by.
Spoon - Girls Can Tell - 2000
Now, I know I’ve put a lot out there – but there is much that needs to be done. After all, realizing one’s potential takes a lot of work. It may not be the only blueprint to success, but areas that I believe we can do much better in. Besides, when it comes to our elite athletes it seems to me, looking from the outside in, that we are near ground zero right now. So, on the positive side, we can make it what we want it to be.
Notwithstanding the academic’s dubious method — did he really need to watch all that TV to come to that answer? — his finding is consistent with what most of us consider common sense. But make no mistake, the celebration of narcissism isn’t exclusive to the tube. In fact, TV is but one vehicle in a parking lot full of vacuous media hype machines forever reminding you of your incontrovertible magnificence.
Stephen Levy, director of the Center for Continuing Study of the California Economy, said the study also reflected how skyrocketing real estate prices pushed workers from California during the housing bubble from 2005 through 2007.
Stay up-to-date with Gerry’s Marvellous Adventure by visiting my personal blog from St. Augustine, Florida—North America’s oldest, continuously-occupied city. It is a mixture of personal news, history, and photos. I think you will find it interesting.
So here we go: all-American white folks Alexis Grace and Brent Something Something, Anne Marie Boskovitch, Adam Lambert on a coked-up unicorn.
'Which are?' asked the Blonde.
But back to the shoes.. Nike have this little spot in the sole for a pedometer and I thought that would be cool. To know how far I was going. I couldn’t afford to fork out for all the gadgetry that went with it but I had an iPhone 3g and I knew Nike had an app of some sort. The gears were turning in my head and my wife, across town, suddenly had a cold shiver and checked her handbag…
David Gregory Arce, 36, New York, N.Y.
Life has brought me the chance for reflection and it's left me with a desire for some big changes.
So whilst Nick Clegg looks to book his holiday in the Med with his wealthy EU backers will he spare a thought for the 850 Londoners who could lose their jobs because of this failed political project? I doubt it.
“What is that noise?”
- Butter two 8 ½-by-4 ½-by-2 ½-inch loaf pans; set aside. Transfer dough to a lightly floured work surface. Divide dough in half. Roll out each half into a 7-by-15-inch rectangle. Sprinkle chocolate over rectangles. Starting from a short side, tightly roll each into a log; pinch seam to seal. Place each log, seam down, in a buttered pan. Cover with a clean kitchen towel; let rise at room temperature until dough reaches rim of pans and no longer feels cool, about 3 hours.
Now the salt tides seaward flow;
Solar System debris rains down on Earth in vast quantities — more than a hundred tons of it a day. Most of it vaporizes in our atmosphere, leaving stunning trails of light we call shooting stars. More hazardous are the billions, likely trillions, of leftover rocks — comets and asteroids — that wander interplanetary space in search of targets.
Let Every Bad Memory Go
The play opened with rambunctious madness. Three trampolines built into the floor of the stage aided the troop as they all weaved around each other and practically bounced over one another in a scene reminiscent of a chase from a Tom and Jerry cartoon. Mobile scenery props - trees, suits of armour, a hobby horse and a sheep that baa’d at the most inopportune moments - did much to add to the general folly and comedy of the play. Characters ran on and off the stage with them, using them to give a sense of motion and the passage of time. It was an exuberant opening, but it made me a little nervous as to the ability of the play to follow through. Was the audience up for such a hell-for-leather journey, would we have the energy to stay with this for a two hour period or would it just leave us travel sick?
Unlike Ash though, I wouldn’t use a Pikachu in my team. It is unevolved after all (300 total base stats). It’s fast (Speed being its highest stat), but a lot of other Pokemon are faster. As an electric type, I prefer Jolteon to Pikachu.
And, as we make Jesus Lord over every area of our lives and obey His commandments, He is high and lifted up – exalted for all to see (John 14:21 &23). Jesus raises us up with Him by the same power that raised Him from the dead. This is why we take communion – to remember that Jesus’ death and resurrection are what made a way for us to be united with Him. And, in a mysterious way that I can neither understand nor describe, we are taken deeper into communion – made one. We are moving toward complete unity in Christ through His Spirit. We are being transformed – becoming the body of Christ. Hallelujah!!
i am doing the happy dance after seeing this picture!
I need to get the tiller going and get everything tilled under a couple times before planting time come around. I had the chickens in the garden to tear everything up and add a little fertilizer before I moved them back to the yard, but I will probably buy a little bit of manure and maybe some compost to add to soil. I should plant a cover crop, but I never get around to it.
Let me keep you and tell you I’ll love you always
Seriously though, what would look better in our new home than those beauties?
Their arrival is noticed by several unruly teens, who assume that the women are cops. They ignore the catcalls and sexual comments and walk up to the floor of the building where most of the news items took place. Helen takes out a camera to photograph the graffiti on the walls, including 1 particular phrase that catches her eye: "SWEETS TO THE SWEET".
There was a pause when it came to names
Hat & t-shirt- burgundy, crimson & red
Anyway, you will have until 11:59pm EST on Sunday, August 7 to play along. Please NEW creations only and although STAMP-N-DOODLE images are not required to play along, we'd sure LOVE to see them if you have them. You can find the FULL COLLECTION by clicking the STAMP-N-DOODLE STORE link above.
Ok, I killed enough time before meeting my friend at his office. He invited me to a meet and greet lunch at the swank Nashville City Club. Well, it’s swank if you consider early 70s decor to be swank. It is a private dinner club in a Nashville penthouse and has been the location of a lot of moving and shaking for decades. However, I get the feeling that it is struggling to maintain its grandeur.
new christmas books. a dvd for the thanksgiving car ride to virginia.
So I am mountain biking out in the woods and before too long I come up on an old rusted washing machine sitting out in the middle of nowhere. I find it peculiar and then wonder if there is anywhere in the world left untainted by human beings. Is there anywhere that has been left natural without human disturbance? I keep riding and come up on an old chair tossed away, and then, and old worn out couch. I am saddened at first because I feel disregard and disconnect for nature. When I see this I feel a lack of respect for Mother Earth which provides EVERYTHING we need for life. Then after a moment, I begin to be amused and chuckle.
Another wonderful Verve sketch by Diva Amber. I cheated a bit in that I left off a layer, but love this sketch so much I'm going to make a second one using the extra layer so all is good in the end LOL!
Some of my favourite moments came from the friendly event volunteers and cheering crew who gave me a big cheer each time I passed time. I believe watching me running along in my Sarong gave them a brief respite from their hardworking night. Cheers to all of you!!!
The mum-of-six accessorized with knee-high leather boots, a large black handbag and designer shades.
Panjak attempted suicide but was saved by his father. He attended Khalsa college with the intention of becoming a teacher, but his father formally disowned him.
So the Muslim warriors (AlMujahidin) kept on clinging to what this rightly guided caliph (‘Umar) mentioned (as above): And they (Mujahidin) were as they were described by a Roman to a Roman Chief; (he said): I have come to you from the men, very precise in their manners; they ride swift racehorses, during the night they worship (Allah Alone) in seclusion,during the day they are cavaliers, if you speak to your companions something, your friend will not understand anything from you because of the high tone of their voices reciting the Qur’an and the mentioning much of Allah.” So he (the Roman Chief) looked at his companions and said: “It has come to you from them that for which you have no power.”
We might be getting a puppy!
Alla Xul 7" (Gutted Records)
All being said, The Christmas Attic is, like its predecessor, Christmas Eve & Other Stories, a mostly light and airy release. It is a Christmas album.
Saturday, March 26 - Museum of Contemporary Art - Chicago, IL
or really bad...
What about you guys? Weren't parties different back when we were young? What themes did you have at your parties? What was your favorite birthday party?
I allowed myself to panic (briefly), and then I decided to tackle the changes, doing every single thing that my editor suggested.
Living here for almost a year, I have experiences so may things here in San Felipe. Meeting people and seeing things that you wouldn’t see anywhere else are just perks to living in a foreign country. I have met many great people that I wouldn’t have met if I hadn’t moved here. I am grateful that I had this opportunity. I now plan on traveling within life. If anyone has the chance of ever going to a Baja race, traveling to Mexico, or even traveling in general, I say go for it! It is a great life experience! Live life for yourself. Make a trip somewhere once a year. Do it for you.
A Safe Place is a place you can go in your mind that will calm you if your are stressed or afraid. A Safe Place is a good place to go before sleeping. Anyone who has been in harms way, such as my combat veteran clients, need to make this place very vivid in their mind because the "common cold" of combat experience is not being able to sleep well again -- sometimes, never again, especially those who do not believe that therapy works.
Happy 4th of July!! Besides celebrating our independence from the English, today is also my grandpa's birthday. Every year my family gets together for his birthday with BBQ and all. After that, my man and I are going to a party at a friends house to celebrate more and watch the fireworks. And just after celebrating our country's independence from England I'm going to get even more excited about the British Royal Couple's arrival in Los Angeles. Ironic right?
That seems to be an effort to resolve the problems caused for a newco in relation to a licence to play in Scottish football, membership of the relevant bodies and ownership of the SPL share by having the newco step into oldco’s shoes before the last game of the season.
“Oh. Um. Sorry about that. And thanks,” Creme said, embarrassed. How foolish she felt, having to be rescued from her own spell. But wasn’t it really Brulee’s fault for making her practice, anyway?
Linzey
I don't know about you, but I love looking at other people's homes. I had so much fun the past couple of days peeking at other people's lives through their beautiful (and not so beautiful, actually, lol) homes. That's why we go to home shows, right? I know not everyone I've seen walking through home after home are looking to buy. Okay, so maybe I'm a stalker, I'll admit I enjoy seeing how other people live. Hopefully some of you are the same way. Today I thought I'd give you a glimpse into my home and show you our family room. Oh, and I'm keeping it real here, crooked pictures (I can't believe I didn't notice that before), messy desk, and everything. :) And it's kind of hard to take pictures of this room. While it's nice and bright with windows on 3 of 4 walls, every direction is shooting towards a window, so bare with me.
Why this sudden goal in life you ask? Well I guess I just want to have a good time at the moment in life. Im feeling quite sad for myself, falling out with my ex has meant I lost my BEST FRIEND EVER... It feels weird these past few months doing activities without him, we used to go cinema, bike-riding, shopping, picnics, road-trips. But now its just me and the wind to remind me how cold and lonely it is for me now :(
8 oz of cream cheese
Another Tuesday is here to say hello...and let me tell you, it's a HOT one here in SLC Utah today! It's so amusing to me how "bi-polar" the weather in this state truly is. One day you have snow, then spring weather, now summer weather, in a few days were back down to the 60's with rain everyday. Hmmm..peculiar.
When I was eleven years old, I overheard my brother ask our dad if he believed in Atlantis, and something inside of me leapt with recognition. I knew, without any doubt, that there had once been a wondrous place called Atlantis, though I hadn’t any idea what or where that place might be. The very word seemed like a beacon, illuminating an incredible and mysterious past. Until then, I’d never heard of Atlantis, never even had a concept of lost civilizations, and yet, there it was . . . that instantaneous knowing.
Oh yes, we reached there at 12pm haha when they were still not open yet! Do note that you only can pay cash for the cupcakes so do bring along enough!
Flash forward a couple of years, and Hot Mustard are going stronger than ever. This summer, they played a number of dates around New England. It’s time that the wider world got to know them, so I’m wrasslin’ up a new series of Ye Olde Performers Showcase featuring this fine quartet. Here’s a quick getting-to-know-you installment that features a performance from last winter’s Joe Val Bluegrass Festival.
Lesson Three. You can do it. But let's say you cannot. You have to do it anyway so you may as well find out now than delay the inevitable. I could either do it now or later. If I do it later the procrastination will not be useful. So in any project I must face any fear of failure and do it now.
salt + freshly ground pepper
But then just an hour later I got a call from my dad. He said "Now, I don't want you to worry." So immediately I worried. My mom was brought to the hospital yesterday afternoon by a colleague. She was having trouble standing up straight, and then had trouble breathing. They did an MRI and an EKG and there was nothing that they could find. She, like me, gets migraines, and they think that what happened was linked to what causes her migraines. The feeling she had, loss of control, caused her to have a panic attack they think, which caused the inability to breathe. She is home and is fine, but it was a scary call to receive. I am so thankful that she works with people who really care about her and were there when she needed them. And this incident put life into perspective for me and my feelings of disappointment earlier in the day seemes insignificant and unimportant. I am just so happy my mom is OK. She had planned to come to Wine & Design, and we moved here to be closer to my parents. My mom is my best friend... we talk or email almost every day. And that quick flash of a moment where the "What if?" was hanging over my head scared me. I can't imagine not being able to email her or call her when I want to, or just drop by her office with the kids for a surprise visit.
37g crocus x 3
We drank from Snifters (that fancy glass you see above) and this beer was a treat. Very sweet taste comprised of both maple syrup and molasses. The maple syrup flavor really stuck out and with every sip I enjoyed it more and more. The beer poured with a nice head and a reddish brown color. Out of all the beers I've had this one was definitely the reddest in color, even more noticeable when held up to light. After splitting the bottle with Tom I was feeling nice. I'm usually a light-weight when it comes to alcohol and with Better Half being 11.9% I got tipsy very fast.
As we have quite a large amount of photos (I got a bit too trigger happy), please bear with us as we plough through them to bring you the best ones.
The Jews had to go to the temple because God was there. Where is God in relation to you? Is He indwelling you? If He is you can pray wherever you are. You can pray in whatever position you are for prayer is from the heart, not from the body.
“All we’re asking for is to level out the playing field,” he said. “We waited 15 years on this, and we’re still not there.”
All entries must be submitted by 23:59 GMT on 16 December, 2010.
I would highly recommend it!
He grabs my arm and yanks me around to face him. I slam into his chest with a thud that jars my bones and knocks the fight right out of me. I stumble back, away from him, and fold my arms across my chest to cover the logo of Sam’s sweatshirt.
And I guess I'm really going to do that in a few weeks
OK, so if you are in a deep sleep and someone squeals that in your ear...are you a little freaked out? Well, as I follow his skipping body down the hall and to the steps, I am wiping sleep out of my eyes and thinking...What the heck am I going to do if he is serious? What if 'sumbuddy' broke in and (for some ridiculous reason) fell asleep on our kitchen table? Even as I was thinking it, I knew what a FREAK that made me...to even entertain the thought...but I did.
With Easter upon us this weekend, my hope is this will help be a remembrance of why we celebrate!
“Eprint limited is located in Blanchardstown, Dublin 15, Ireland. We are an Irish company providing an all- inclusive print & self-publishing service to the public, allowing your book to be produced, sold online and distributed, with royalty payments made to you.
Doug Sahm was the Texas equivalent of Oklahoma's Leon Russell. Both were versatile and eclectic musicians who put out some great music of their own and who collaborated with a lot of great musicians. Both have been favorites of mine for a very long time -- I feel a very personal connection to their music.
Toward the end of their mission, the Rangers lost radio contact with their command center. The air support scheduled to meet them for extraction never showed up. Out of touch with the daily news, the small force of elite fighters was unaware that the U.S. military had ceased to exist as they knew it.
The ottoman was a freebie, but it was "pleather" and my cats had shredded
George Griffith / from Outlaws of the Air / 184
Step 10: Application of witch hazel toner on face
'Cause everything can change in a minute
5. Wanderlove by Kirsten Hubbard - A fantastic travel story. I'd love to see all the different foreign locations in this one on a movie screen!
Instead, it took Paul three days to discover that the strong urine odor was coming from the garbage can... the small pool of liquid at the bottom cinched his investigation.
understood that it was
We wonder what the police officers who have been used as the excuse to make such profits out of think?
So here is my lesson and how we solve word problems:
The one complaint I have about the Baltimore Show is the poor lighting, which had me laying on the floor in the aisle to take this shot against the carpet, which was the only background I could find that would bring out the color. But anyway. . .
Great night…. 5 standing O’s……there are so many good performers left…. and at least 5 or 6 could be winners. There are so many styles and genres represented.
As we advanced through the savannah, Ewoudt, the primary ranger, motioned us to stop and be still. Our eyes scanned the bushveld. Somewhere, lurking amidst the khaki and the gold was something large and grey. An elephant? No – the beast that lumbered into view was the archetypal armoured tank, a white rhino. Huge beast. Short-sighted and not at all keen on humans. We crept forward as the beast hulked between the bushes. We were downwind of him so he could smell us, if not see us. His twitchy little ears waggled back and forth and he looked increasingly unsettled. Then with a mighty snort he was off, moving with remarkable grace for one so huge (males weigh between 2040 – 2260 kgs) and disappeared down a hill.
Actually on my stomach at the moment, since I'm in bad... in that weird spot between "too damn tired to stay awake" and "so tired I can't sleep".
It’s like he has the Larousse Gastronomique at the tips of his fingers. Name a sauce and he can list all the ingredients.
Communist China heads for major power status and is now more economically significant than Japan. "Third World" values take hold in the west and are proving nearly impossible to eradicate, largely thanks to multiculturalism and it's pathetic inability to tell right from wrong. Western taxpayers subsidise Middle Eastern family "values" and lifestyles that are unsustainable without government assistance.
Not really much to report today. We had a horrid doughy scone spread with thick margarine that stuck to the roof of your mouth for breakfast in a bakery in Renmark. Then rode 150 gentle kilometers into Mildura which is quite a large town in the north of Victoria.
883. Chicken Salad Wrap w/ Tater Salad and Fried Okra @ Al Tavola (Greenville, NC) 12:54 p.m.
Red is the color, and that is why
Yes, we have cities and big towns.
Homemade Caramels
In addition, I have seen only 2 or 3 peahens, one of whom had 3 of the smallest peachicks (Is that the right word?) I have ever seen with her. The disappearance of so many peafowl has made The Ancient One wonder if the goal was to eliminate the flock rather than just thin it out. In the absence of a public outcry, I guess I'll never know.
With self created organizations such as Mothers Against Predators and Beads for Needs, Levine shows a definite talent for benefiting children.
- KIKO - Lip Base Primer: a try. A try gone very well, anyway. This primer has the purpose to neutralize the pigmentation of lips, or most of it, so you can better enjoy the color of your lipstick and create a customized edge with no messing up. It works, it's just a bit sticky when you close the mouth, but not so much, I'm happy for this product, great value.
So I did some research, found out some more details, and started talking nonstop about this event - which I discovered was the Parrotfish Festival on Farasan Island. I had enough other people intrigued to try and organize a trip, but the first year it didn't work out. So as this April approached, I once again tried to interest people. And I was lucky to have the opportunity to go this year, and as part of a regional outreach trip for work, too!
Amanda Ashby - Fairy Bad Day
Later that day, I had to cut some clips and write cues for the news room. The whole concept for writing and editing for news bulletins is totally different to writing and editing for shows. I got some experience for doing that and receive some feedback, as well.
“I’m lonely, God.
"Well, she insisted on sitting in the back of the bus! Only 5th graders are supposed to be sitting in the back of the bus.I've waited my WHOLE life to get to sit on the back of the bus! And now this year I'm in 5th grade and Katie is not and she sat in the back of the bus and when all of us 5th graders told her to move she wouldn't and she was yelling and told us that she could sit anywhere she wanted to!", Natalie wailed.
Context on the show: Smithers accidentally shoots old man Jasper in his wooden leg. When Smither tries to apologize, Jasper – ever the sharpest bowling ball – responds with the Zen-koan above.
For the Afghan government, it is also a way to show its people that their U.S. allies are not just walking away.
All staff and students from the University of Manchester and other research institutes are invited to attend the first Manchester Life Sciences PhD Conference. This is an interdisciplinary conference for PhD students, by PhD students.
Add the drained rice and stir it in gently, so that all of the ingredients are well combined.
Throughout those final two weeks of run-throughs and “fix it” sessions I did at least have the pleasure of a constant companion. One that stayed by my side by day and by night. One that helped me keep track of the days and the hours flying by. A faithful friend who never let me down. My trusty purple notebook.
A galaxy of left-hand scrawl and crossed-out words
Chrysanthemums
or upset.
18. Weather Warfare, Jerry E. Smith, HAARP, Jerry E. Smith. Scientist and Physicist Jim Phelps, 30 years NASA and HAARP, WhistleBlower. Jim McCanney 30+ years Physics, PLASMA, HAARP, Weather Modification Warfare. Weather bombing America.
The Aforementioned Wedding Present doing 'Step Into Christmas'
The Netherlands have a baby tiara tradition of their own as well.
Beyond this place of wrath and tears
Origins Dr. Andrew Weil Mega-Mushroom series. Oh god, this is the best cleanser for sensitive skin! But it doesn't smell very nice... It smells like herbs. Acne causes redness to my face. And this cleanser really reduce the redness aloooot. It's very mild, light and effective. Really good product ^_^
Opening up my inbox this AM, seeing 5 notes about the same topic – AGAIN – started to build some frustration. After all the “oh boy”.. “again”.. “sigh” and a fresh coffee I read the questions again and realized that there is a big chance for recycling.
Let me start off by saying that an experience like I've gone through changes your life completely...for a little while, at least. It can be a good change or a bad change. It can be revolutionary or momentary. I wish that I could say that it was a monumental change in this girl that changed the course of my life forever. I wish that I could say that it made me a stronger, more passionate person about God and living for Him. I wish I could say that it did away with some of my selfishness and sinfulness.
When August 13th 1pm
NVIC's partnership with Mercola.com, which ranks in the top five most visited health information websites in the world, is strengthening and expanding NVIC's three decade call for the institution of informed consent protections in US vaccine laws. Mercola.com hosts NVIC.org and NVICadvocacy.org and has worked with NVIC since 2008 to research and disseminate referenced information about vaccination and health.
But then there was another issue – the firebox couldn’t be moved out to meet up with a new wall. I didn’t know how to make it work (I thought it all had to be flush.)
nothing permanant matters, cos nothing is permanant…
Visit to a Hallowed Ground
August 3/11
The Forgotten Waltz by Anne Enright
Were you still working as a journalist at that point?
The poinsettia flower was from my Secret Santa.....
The first story is the history of Apple (in general) and Steve Jobs (in particular) and how Apple almost collapsed and then returned in iGlory, and very much about our consumer mindspace about the new shiny item on the shelves and how we take a Gollum-like possessiveness to it all. We don't think about the way the paradigm has shifted (example - Who owns the song on your iPod?) and how the future has changed. And here Daisey is riding the crest of the wave in a friendly audience of tech geeks and Seattle Rep regulars, who know the stories of tech support and have read their Bill Gibson and turned off a plethora of phones before the show started (One of the audience, before the show began, was taking multiple pictures with his iPhone of the nearly-bare stage, to be stitched together later on his computer). Daisey does this well - he comes from out of the tech trenches. We understand and laugh.
I lead our campers in a whole group brainstorm to get their minds working when it comes to characters and plots and settings. We then divided up into groups (determined by both age and personality) and each group began planning their movie. They outlined a plot, wrote a script, built a set, practiced their lines and finally, preformed for the camera.
You are the womb of life, Snow;
What great candy! Discovered your blog and candy while blog hopping and have become a follower not just for the candy but also so that I can see more of your creations when you post them. Thanks Julie :D
ML = Mid to late
…When I look at myself I see a person who strangely lacks what I consider the ingredients for a personality. I can see personality in other people but I can’t see any in myself. One feels that perhaps through playing so many characters one becomes a sort of nil on one’s own account.”
As progressive as I think the UK is on many social and economic matters, something like this creeps up that just makes me smack my forehead and shake my head in complete and utter confusion.
Now, to date I’ve been to the hospital twice: once as a kid in the ER for a soccer injury when I was about 8, and again when I was about 20, 21 after a vicious dog attack ripped open my arm a bit. I haven’t ever had surgery, broken bones, catheters, none of the scary gritty parts of being in a hospital. So it was all a little nerve-wracking, but having BFE there to take care of me really helped. I cannot imagine what it would have been like going through this alone!
Ten thousand years and then forevermore"
of choking weeds too dark a green.
After a week of classes, I have a few observations about going to school here. Who knows if these will pan out for the rest of the semester, but here’s what I’ve noticed thus far. First, being on a semester system rather than a quarter system, everything seems to move more slowly. Back at UW, I would already be thinking about my first midterms. Here, with 15 weeks of class, things don’t seem as rushed. Second, perhaps the professors are accustomed to Moroccan students who know English as a third or even fourth language. I say this because the amount of reading assigned for class in general is less than I would get in my classes at UW. From talking to other Moroccan students, it takes them much longer to read the same section of a textbook, simply due to the fact that I am a native English speaker and they are not. Due to these two trends, I think I’m going to have more free time than I would back home. I’m excited because this should give me the chance to join some clubs (Guitar Club, DJ Club, Explorer’s Club, maybe even Extreme Sports Club) and also tryout for the basketball, tennis, and ping pong (awesome!) teams.
As did one whose ally is “ole”.
Those questions feel hard to look at. And they are questions that need answers.
Beat the first 4 ingredients at medium speed with a stand mixer until blended. Gradually add flour, beating just until combined.
larger in a slide show type format, which is nice.
Steve Reed = 12 points (unanimous selection)
_IN SOOYOUNG’S ROOM_
im fine ..wheres your fine..
There is a gray area however. It seems that anytime the crime is involving a child, people come together to sympathize with the child. The universal argument here is that a child has not done anything to deserve rape, molestation, or incest.
I originally intended to follow these two photographs with the full images they were cropped from so that you would see the wider picture. But I don't think I will. Let us leave everything else to the imagination. Shoes are so often an afterthought; an appendage of little consequence. Let this be their day in the spotlight, their brief moment of fame, their walk in the sun.
County of Residence: LAKE
She’ll never be there in the morning to watch the turning of the sea,
There are a couple of women in my life who have been trying to have a baby and have had a hard road. Both are in a waiting for their little ones patiently. And currently are close to having their dreams of a family come true. Please help me pray for them!
Some of you may not know this, but at least in California (and probably in most states) it is completely legal for a physician to not accept the same insurance as the hospital with which s/he is affiliated because s/he does not work for the hospital. So in my case, the hospital takes every insurance plan under the sun. The physician works for the hospital. Let’s be clear about this. This doctor maintains offices on hospital property. Everything about him is hospital related. He is listed on the hospital’s website as one of their specialists. If you were looking at his page, and wanted to make an appointment, or check the insurance accepted, you could find all of that on the hospital’s website, but none of it is true. I had to dig through the FAQs before I found the little asterisk explaining that physicians may have different insurance contracts since they are not hospital employees.
Airship Breastwork 2:07:748
22. Panna Cotta and Zabaglione
First to go were the clocks
There’s General Hilla, the big scary boss. Girls please don’t complain about the way she’s dressed (‘half naked bad chick’). From what I heard, Hilla wasn’t even released yet. I didn’t check the WZ yet (no .NET Framework 4, installation is still not done LOL), but that’s really embarrassing if she wasn’t released yet (update is coming tomorrow and the promo was all about Hilla).
"America's Backyard" was the decor theme inside the pavilion, and when America's Backyard is the South Lawn of the White House, the guests are equivalently impressive.
This publication does contain an interesting list of various defense and non-defense sites which are the subject of the U.S. DOE Environmental Management Program (pg. 74), all of which are potential plume source points.
His expression clearly said, Hey, Sweetie. You've seen the rest. Now see the best! He practically winked at me. Then he resumed gnawing on the chewie.
BIG QUIZ (LBC)
On this view, “grace” is like the cheese sandwiches which David brought to his brothers at the front line (1 Samuel 17:17-19). Here grace is an encouragement and empowerment from the christ to go out and fight the good fight. The christ gives you strength, victory is down to you.
Although willing to listen to my requests for no mention of sweeps or induction, I began to get pressured into agreeing to growth scans and was told that I only had two weeks and then my home birth request would not be granted. Two weeks took me to Christmas Eve, which I'm sure helped them decide to go off call for me :) Luckily for me, I went into labour on the 19th.
It's just like homecoming. Something I so long waited for, taken.
Hele put her arms around me in confession. “We decided to go back to Cluny for lunch. We’ve been drinking wine all afternoon. It was wonderful!!!”
“Jewish theology regards the union between a man a woman who are sexually and emotionally different from one another as a complementary covenant of friendship and intimacy, which forms the basis for procreation and childrearing. This is why Jewish law has so fervently opposed sexual relations between members of the same sex”, she explained, “and why the heterosexual family has played such a vital role throughout the ages in the transmission of Jewish values and the survival of the Jewish people.”
Most historians and scholars believe that the present stretching of the US and NATO Forces far and beyond their legitimate areas of interests, is a sign of final showdown. The placement of US forces in Afghanistan is seen as the final buildup to attack the Muslim lands. This could well become the graveyard of the US troops from where they may never escape death.
Here are pictures of the carts I bought for $14.95 each:
Elizabeth suggested I prepare a mood board of ideas and inspirations, which ended up being dominated by some of my collection of old photographs. I love the weird tension of self-consciousness and self-display seen in old snapshots and cheap studio portraits, but I was keen to avoid any kind of sepia-toned, slavish recreations. It was more about taking the mood and atmosphere of these anonymous shots and mixing it up with some David Hockney dandyism/Nancy Cunard decadent glamour/gender mix-up playfulness.
to the work of redemption you began in Eden.
We're looking for people who want to write serious, intelligent articles about International Cinema, preferably with the aim of exploring a particular element of that nation's cultural output. For example: French New Wave in relation to the films that inspired it and the world of 60s France; Hong Kong action films and their influence on the Action Genre worldwide; Or any variation on this theme you can come up with. If you want to concentrate on a particular director's output, that works too!
For a second chance to win, you can follow this blog and leave a comment saying that you do so (if you already follow me, just leave a comment saying that you already do).
A good example are drummers playing heavy metal, who grew up listening to heavy metal afraid to step out of it. Rockdrummers playing jazz are boring – but jazzdrummers playing rock are superb! I think you can place this allegory onto us (not that anyone of us has played in a jazz band though hehe) and because of this slightly different approach where we come from we will have no problem standing out from the crowd.
He replied: "I made a statement some months after when I began to remember other parts of the incident which for some reason I couldn't remember because it was too distressing, it was too scary to remember and it was very upsetting."
Driven Under
Conducting such audits, for want of a better word, is brave enough. Publishing the results will be quite another.
Yesterday afternoon, my husband came home from work a little early and we had a disagreement. It was just a quick back and forth of how we both felt about the situation, and then it was over with. No yelling... but we certainly had on our "angry tone" voices.
Enough hope to keep you happy.
It tires me out just thinking about it all, especially when I’m in the middle of it. Just because I need it, and I bet I have a lot of friends who could use it right about now, let’s recap what moms do.
The Special Investigations Unit said in a Tuesday release it will take a fresh look at the case of Adam Nobody, 27, whose nose and cheekbone were broken during a June 26 protest at Queen’s Park.
Thanksgiving dinner went well. It was a gluttony fest and I was happy to share it with E yet another year. The sticky rice stuffing I adored but E felt it was too sweet. Maybe I overdid the quantity of Chinese sausage or the soy. I'll continue to have to work to tweak the recipe. But now we own a huge bag of sticky rice so maybe I'll work on my rice pudding recipes next? I have a lovely one that calls for coconut milk, dried sour cherries and mangoes that I haven't made in a while.
full, spicy and refreshing.
We drop them off at 5.30 and go for a drink at a local pub and then go out for dinner. I have cherry chocolate mousse trifle for dessert (and gluten free at that). So good.
At the bar their Tesco Clubcard is scornfully declined, trembling hands reach for actual cash and a real pint is procured. It is consumed proudly. Some take notes and buy "I'm Supporting Cask" T Shirts. Some have a second pint of this strangely normal beer and pat themselves on the back - being careful not to spill any of this extremely rare beverage when doing so - it's bloody expensive after all - and some even consider switching from lout to pongy cask, just to get a mention on the roll of honour. It makes you proud to be British.
And now lets dive into the elements of ICFD 7 a bit more. That wonderful Pioneer Award.
So we are out visiting my family yesterday. Some paperwork for my mother, a little Sunday dinner...you know the drill. I'm in the dining room doing her taxes while the rest of the family is in the living room chatting about whatever. I'm doing my best to block it all out and finish up so we can have dinner.
NAMA has never confirmed that it acquired the INBS loan secured by 20, Grosvenor Square but it would seem to fit the NAMA eligibility criteria in the NAMA Act, that is, that the loan was with a NAMA Participating Institution (INBS) and was for development. Although NAMA expects to pay just 30c in the euro for INBS loans generally, it is likely that the agency paid far more for this loan. That said, it is understood that NAMA has made a substantial profit on the transaction.
Perhaps my long-term treatment of thinking too much and keeping things to myself lead to all this negative, unhealthy and insensitive evil thoughts. I really hate myself when this happens and I start becoming so emotional and pushing and avoiding and rejecting everyone around me and sooner or later, I’ll have a major breakdown and it comes to a point where I needed someone to be with me, lend me a shoulder, lend me a listening ear, lend me a hand I could hold on to, someone who could wipe my tears. But no, no one will be there, because why? Me being a pusher, I thought I was strong and I could handle all this feelings and emotions all by myself and always think that I am better off on my own, was actually a minor weakling. An angsty teenager that still needed her parents support for everything, needed friends to be with her, needed love, needed care & concern.
I was quite amazed as she was a Hindu...
This year I am going to enter more challenges, want to have a little fun here.
But there is a remedy provided by the God of grace. Jesus Christ died for our sin. He shed His sinless blood as full payment for the sins of the world and by grace through faith you may be declared righteous.
“You left your notebook at my place,” he said as he handed me a book.
It is definitely about how the waters start, but it is also about what the waters become. I look at the picture my mom took of us yesterday, and on the left is my dad: a place of heartache, pain, sadness and… love. I have never ever considered that my dad didn’t love me. I know he does, I just know that he has been too sick to show it properly. On the right side of the picture are my girls. They represent part of my life now. The full, growing and exciting adventure that happens on the waters much further down the river.
As a child I always enjoyed "The Cat in the Hat Comes Back" in which Dr Seuss's cat draws upon assistance from increasingly smaller - yet more powerful - cats, named sequentially for letters of the alphabet, who emerge from his hat.
Buffalo Bills QB Ryan Fitzpatrick, a Harvard-educated alum, took the test in 2005 and got one question wrong. His score was one of the highest ever recorded by an NFL Draft prospect. He was asked was the Wonderlic a good indicator of how a player will perform at the next level? He just laughed. Fitzpatrick said that although he could see the potential connection between answering 50 questions against a ticking clock in a classroom and being able to process information at a rapid pace on the field, he wouldn’t read too much into a prospect’s test scores. ”Dan Marino has a low score when he took it, right?” He asked. ”I think his career turned out just fine.“
This has got to be one of my top ten favorite cards that I have ever made, I hope you like it too. Just think of how many people would love to get a card tailored to match the camera they have. Cool right :) By the way Sharon if you are reading this, yes it is the card you were meant to receive 2 years ago that I couldn't bear to part with!!!! lol.
It was now necessary to get quarters for the night, but I found, at that advanced hour, that many of the leading hotels were either full or unwilling to supply me with a bedroom and stable combined until the morning. I was refused firmly but civilly at the Grand, the Metropole, the Grosvenor, and the Pig and Whistle Tavern, South East Hackney. At the latter caravanserai, the night-porter (who was busying himself cleaning the pewter pots) suggested that I should go to Bath.
clouds don't feed on don't gleam like ideas,
My dressing table is a little like my desk... the appearance changes with my mood and with my latest crushes. It's not overly organised and it is crowded... but I like it like that. I know what is where and as I am usually in a hurry to get ready and get out the door, this ordered chaos works just fine...
By the time we got out of the boat, I was so grateful for stable ground that the hills and the mountain we had to run over to get back to Avalon seemed inviting and non-rocking from side to side. I was ready to go, and that first 1/4 mile was so sweet and flat, then we hit the first hill.
That’s about it for Schrödinger’s cat and the implications this thought experiment has had on current quantum theory. Originally designed to show how ridiculous it all is, it is now one of the most common descriptions of quantum mechanics around today. It is also the only reason why we remember Erwin Schrödinger, and is his lasting legacy.
Two of the biggest names in the sport, Barry Bonds and Roger Clemens, have found themselves sitting in criminal courts facing perjury charges.
Do you have any idea why he is so hard on your oldest child? Is he trying to get him to strive for more, and just approaching it the wrong way? Or does he really feel like your kid just doesn’t do anything right or well? Is he easier on your youngest for being the baby of the family? Or is he truly just preferential? I would try talking to him about his reasoning behind how he treats the children. If you feel like you can’t get through to him, or just need help, look into counseling. Maybe you need someone on the outside to help you both asses where you are at, and how you feel about things. No matter what, I would seek help for your oldest. Suicide is not a joke and should be taken seriously.
a talking parrot calls for the the captain
so exciting! Prizes included £500 to spend at Hobbs, Spa Break at Hotel Du Vin and a massive bottle of champers! LOVELY
We go out.
7. Earth, The Circle Part 1 (3:48)
Leave me a comment if you haven’t given up on me!!!!!!!! :)
money money money buy the best toys and other class beg 4 help n buffs
2. My biggest change of late has been letting an extended digital cable package with onDemand go. To me saving $ was worth letting channels go (although I miss being about to watch The Young and the Restless after work). I feel like I'm at work for most of the day anyways, not at home watching TV, so why have a million channels? Plus, most of the shows I want to watch are on regular old channels, such as The Bachelor and American Idol.
Funniest of all is the desperate measures taken by Rams and Evangeli to deny that they had supported the car park scheme in the first place. Mrs Angry simply cannot be bothered to tear this ludicrous claim apart - and anyway Mr Reasonable has done a fine job on this already - take a look:
But the earth needs a NEW mandate, needs some help and needs your heart.
Faithful readers (or should I say, faithful reader ), I’m sorry I haven’t blogged in a long, long time. I could proffer some lame excuse about being extremely busy or about how my life has changed extraordinarily over the last few months– but I’m bad liar. I just haven’t felt “it” for awhile.
We focused our discussion later on, focusing a bit on the idea of context itself. It was pointed out that writers, like James Baldwin, were in search of their identity – be it culturally or any other aspect of identity. Ultimately, most writers focus on the personal. Sure, they play with ideas that are bigger than they are (Colonialism, Orientalism, Surrealism, Magical Realism, Society, Politics, etc.); but the ideas go down to personal experience. The best example I can think of, when it comes to myself, are my epistles. I am playing around with a lot of ideas (What makes identity, myth, culture), but most of what I am writing comes from personal experience – both of my trips to Puerto Rico and my experiences in New York (the here and now).
“We met at a Canadian music festival we were both playing at,” Martina explains “…and then we screwed.”“And then I left my girlfriend.” states Dan.
I am back with the Scrappin' Chics Challenge Blog Design Team! If you are unfamiliar with this, please go check it out by clicking HERE. Don't forget that you can link up your projects for a chance to win some awesome prizes!!!!!
Kryptonite. As in Superman's ultimate physical weakness. By the way, did you know that there are 18 different types of Superman Kryponite? Yeah. Me neither. There's also Krypto the Superdog cartoon that "features 'purple-spotted kryptonite', which causes Superdog to compulsively chase his tail." Thank you, Wikipedia.
Did you know that when you change out the water or rearrange the tank, a Gecko could likely come up to your hand and lick it? Sure, its just smelling your fingers that look like giant meal worms. But when Yoshi did this to me once and cocked her head to the side just so, my heart absolutely melted.
Dear Supporter,
in the closed forecast any late developments touch this avenue more realistically
Seems a bit cruel, doesn't it? To imagine what that Native child might feel like hearing that dear old Pa was stalking Indians or, as he says "wild men"? How can we possibly describe Little House in the Big Woods as an exemplary text?!
Of course, more meat diets in China, futures market speculation, higher prices for oil and some bad weather and poor food reserve planning have also contributed to shortages and higher prices.
Buff: So you do. Tell me, what do you think of Barack Obama the man? Is he a hard man to get to know?
☺ Well, now save the Notepad file with the extension .html and double click on it: it will be opened in your browser, and you can test it.
Remarkably, these politicians have even threatened to destroy a vital Forest Agreement, currently underway with the Australian Federal government, which would pay the state hundreds of millions of dollars to protect its high conservation forest areas.
I have become a hermit. I have friends. (Yeah, shocking isn't it?) I even talk to them! But lately when my phone rings I've had the urge to ignore it and turn up my music. Pretend I have no credit when I get texts. Appear offline on MSN!
10.) Because I Lived In Indonesia , I Have More Foreign Experience - NOT
"Er Ted?" Rob says, "Why have you given me one of these I leave in less than two weeks."
Gah-Ga - Transition
Some other background information: We've been struggling with Samuel's weight (or lack thereof) since he was probably about 9 months old. It was then that we started altering expressed breast milk to add extra calories. We've always been aiming for the 75th% as far as his height to weight ratio, but have only come close at one visit and that was about a year ago.
(Frits Gierstberg)
Remove and let cool, then glaze.
WLB: Koa Misi; Gary Guyton; Josh Kaddu*
Steve Burgess, Scottish Green, had excused himself quite reasonably on the grounds that his wife is having a baby, which is the sort of thing that takes clear priority over a hustings. I had told Owen Dudley Edwards this when we were chatting over coffee beforehand, and so in the Chair’s opening remarks, Steve Burgess and his wife were wished every happiness and good fortune in the birth of their child. (Audience, startled but pleased; “Hear! Hear!” and a round of applause. I think Steve had just picked up several votes for not being there, which is unusual at a hustings!)
During the ritual I was able to be witnessed and supported in my grieving, my tears emerged from my bedroom where they had been welling for so long, and it was terrifying for me. I almost ran away, but something, some tiny kernel of courage and wisdom deep inside, wouldn't let me. I'm so glad I stayed. I felt the love and support of a group of people who I had only met two days before, and, crucially for me, felt strong and able to support them too.... through their grief. I felt openess and love filling us all and above all, connection ...to myself, to the people around me, to life itself. The tears were cleansing and releasing, a universal experience. It was a beautiful and life changing weekend.
The growing up of suburbs occupied solely by any individual class is bad, socially, economically, and aesthetically. It is due to the wholesale and thoughtless character of town development, and is quite foreign to the traditions of our country ; it results very often in bad municipal government and unfair distribution of the burdens of local taxation, misunder- standing and want of trust between different classes of people, and in the development and exaggeration of differences of habit and thought ; it leads, too, to a dreary monotony of effect, which is almost as depressing as it is ugly.
Jacob located his brewery near the Big Eddy Springs, from which poured nonacidic, nonalkaline water that the brewery uses without treatment to this day. . . . Water is the key to the brewing process, and most brewers have to treat their water in one way or another in order to make it suitable for brewing. Jacob never seemed to have this problem, and the brewery's water is still of high quality today (The Breweries of Wisconsin, 142.)
A stroll past those two summer street fair on both 5th and 7th Avenue made up for all the hardship accompanied in living in the Slope. Just walking all the way down to Crown Heights and seeing the differences in worlds was an eye-opener to me. Sometimes you simply know when you fit into a hood and when you don’t. I like to believe I have found my perfect match just here, in the quiet, overpriced Slope!
Blend carrots with water. Filter the juice through a sieve/strainer. Reserve both the carrot juice and the carrot pulp.
the wolf chose that
If I had thrown in the towel I would've missed out on this! And THIS is what I dreamed of as a little girl.
Hi folks...yesterday was a slightly manic day ticking things off the crafty list and getting organised for the "Altered Art" Night at The Papeterie and what a fun night we had with lots of lovely crafters...my snuggly warm bed is calling so I'll share all the Altered Art Crafty stuff with you on Sunday.
removed it.
These online lessons include Online Video Art Academy with 100+ art lessons, The School of Imagination with over 50 animated art lessons and, our personal favorite, Mini-Marshmallow lessons which are designed for the younger crowd.
bring it on monday, bring it on.
Each match takes place in an area that you may have encountered in the single player. You have a limited amount of supplies to use in matches. Medi-Gel will revive you when taken down. Thermal Clip Packs will reload your weapons. Ops Survival Pack restore health and shields/armor/barriers. The Cobra Missile Launcher can be used to deal heavy damage. You gain experience for each kill and performing feats like kill x number of enemies or surviving x number of waves without being taken down. If a player is taken down and doesn’t use a medi-gel you can run to their body and revive them manually before they are executed or bleed out for the remainder of the wave. There are three difficulties each spawning stronger and greater amounts of enemies.
THe Scrap Room April 2011 Kit
Bake until toothpick inserted in center of cake comes out clean, 45 to 50 minutes. Cool in pan 20 minutes, then turn out and place on serving platter (topping side up). Serve warm or at room temperature. (Cake can be stored in airtight container at room temperature up to 3 days.)
The sky stays blue - it's a day to spend in the garden. Over in Badnage Wood there's a lot of bird activity. A Jay squawks occasionally, a couple or three Buzzards soar over the trees mewing to each other. Then Ravens, big and black as night fly up out of the conifers, their cries metallic barking 'gronks'. They roll and tumble acrobatically in the sky; dropping, twisting and rising in unison. Such a joyous display - such dancing partners.
What do you personally believe the future of music distribution will look like?
I wanted it to be true.
My child rearing was a fly by the seat of my pants – never know what will happen next kind of affair.
The summation of the articles is that it's a listing of the "10 most literate cities in America," along with a bit of explaining of the criteria used to determine who made the list and some tidbits masquerading as factoids.
wet … drizzle. Still, with a bit of spray paint, some dry paper that we had stored a bit better, and a lighter, we could start a fire.
He was starting to become desperate, he needed to find her, she was his golden ticket. He shouted out the color of her hair. It was the only thing his mind could grasp onto in its churning panic. As he staggered through a thicket of underbrush he considered all the ways he could get his hands on some quick money for another rock. He didn’t like doing hold ups, the risk of getting hurt was a lot higher then riffling through some marks purse while she was in the shower. He had worn out his welcome with the bleached blond over in Iowa. So he couldn’t tap into that anymore. She had started complaining she was missing jewelry. She hadn’t out right accused him of taking it, but she had started acting suspicious asking too many pointed questions trying to trip him up.
2 - A case pack of 184 diapers will cost $42 (this is a sale price on diapers.com with a $1 off coupon. No tax added.)
We have a long road
Overall Place: 121/483
Hello Fellow Thrifters and Friends,
Follow-up I'm forever blowing bubbles-a!
It may be that Gingrich is growing more obstinate due to the calls from the public and Team Santorum to suspend his race as there is no clear way in which, at this point, Gingrich can win the delegates necessary to do much of anything – he is headed into Ron Paul territory with each primary or caucus. It is difficult to imagine that a politically savvy individual like Newt Gingrich would be doing this out of some sort of “spite”; however, one might see him doing so for political position. While these “rumors” of a Romney Gingrich (taking one for the team, so to speak) alliance pick up steam, the former Speaker is doing little to mitigate the mounting circumstantial evidence that he is either crazy (not likely) or in bed with Romney. It happened before, in 2008 Romney considered Newt Gingrich as a V.P. Running Mate, although a bit premature considering he failed to get the nomination(Desert News)
Here's the idea:
Doc: "Forgotten until I have to lecture you about picking up sports almanacs for gambling purposes."
If you have a rough performance evaluation coming up the best thing to do is to prepare for it. Facing a rough evaluation is stressful to say the least. Thinking of ways to defend yourself may be your first thought to get through it, but fighting that temptation will serve you better in the long run.
Here's a sample, laisse 150. First the original, then in modern French, then in Sayers' English (she attempts to emulate the syllabication and assonance of the original):
It is now!
What I miss: Being able to shave *ahem* down below without having to do some pretty amazing shower acrobatics. I have a feeling it's going to be all by "feel" from her on out... yikes!
This time, its gonna stay a while longer.
**If you're going to NYC anytime soon, I demand that you dine at and order the following:
Soon I pin her on the floor
33) De Librije (Zwolle, Netherlands)
For years Paramount would also be the home of Billy Wilder. Mr Wilder would make his American directorial debut at the studio with The Major and the Minor in 1942. Billy Wilder directed some of the greatest films released through Paramount, including Double Indemnity (1944), The Lost Weekend (1945), Stalag 17 (1953), and Sabrina (1954). Indeed, Paramount Pictures Inc. is as much as star of Sunset Blvd. as Gloria Swanson was, its back lot figuring prominently in the film. Sabrina would be his last film at Paramount and Billy Wilder would go onto even greater heights of success at other studios, but his long, illustrious career began at Paramount.
Back to Flight 001- I can’t tell you how exciting it is to go to a travel shop that has items that are all A) useful, B) practical and C) pretty. These guys carry everything from amazing luggage from the Parisian Lipault company (which will be my next luggage purchase) to funky toiletries storage to a travel humidifier. I ended up with a travel toothbrush that’s self encasing and covered in stripes and a souvenirs bag that folds into itself that’s handy for when you’re perusing a market (which i tend to do quite often). There’s a couple of locations in the US, and these guys have a website that ships luggage pieces for free!!!
Chard by the Yard, so poetic… WTF is chard? I have often heard reference to this apparent vegetable, but despite being a chef, I have never known what chard is. My interest piqued, I donned my thinking cap and off I went on my tangent once again. Tangents are so much more fun than bicycles, much more adventurous. You have to keep on your toes when going off on a tangent because they don’t have a seat like a bicycle.
All the way down here, butterflies kept flying right past my car. Not until about the 20th one did I realize, "Wow! There are a lot of butterflies out today!" LOL! Then it hit me ... they were from God :). I asked for an angelic escort when I got in the car ... I got one. I lost count at around 50 during the four and a half hour trip. Seriously...it was amazing.
especially women and gay men...
Details, pictures and reviews to follow!
I had an issue with the washing machine, however, and after a few months of living here I called our landlord. He graciously drove over here to find out why the washing machine agitator was not agitating, but only going in a circle. This is a problem, you see, because that means the clothes are only spinning around in a circle in soapy water, and not really getting clean. I had this dilemma at our old house, you remember, and I hoped that I could be the fix-it woman again. But the solution to this one was not as simple.
In the early years of Islam, after the Hijrah to Medina,there were 3 major wars that were waged against the Muslims by the people of Mecca i.e the battles of Badr (624 AD), Uhud (625 AD), and Khandaq (627 AD).
They hung their homes with evergreen;
So they said to him, “No, but we will bind you fast and give you into their hands; yet surely we will not kill you.” Then they bound him with two new ropes and brought him up from the rock.
“I needed to show my own vocal color. To be honest, I have a lot of friends who are good at singing. To be able to show my vocal abilities fully, I needed to practice our country’s ballads’ perfectly, and find a way to express the sensibility found in R&B and soul songs. The thing I was concerned the most about was the way to make my voice tone sound different than the other singers’.”
Almost up into the sky.
We have to continue campaigning until the whole Work Programme collapses.
On to my card and I'm sorry but its a picture overload as I just love it!!
would be hand Sanitizer followed by Soap and Water for
I want to eat
Through cookin' and the plates for two
So thanks for putting up with my insufferableness today! I hope you still come back and read my future posts. :) If it will make you feel better, please tell me in the comments: What are your pet peeves when traveling? Which behaviors by other passengers make you want to shove them into a suitcase?
I drink wine and I give blow jobs. Would you like one? I wouldn´t mind and you wouldn´t have to feel bad, I´m not a damaged person. In fact, I´m surrealistically undamaged, I grew up as one of the children in ”The Children of Noisy Village”. So when I say I´m game, I´m game, no strings attached. Liberating, huh?
The underlying premise of Sanctus is enticing - an ancient citadel in Turkish city that is possibly one of the old permanently and consistently inhabited places on earth. The citadel is home to a very reclusive order of monks who are rarely if ever seen out of the place. Rumours abound that they hold a very very dark secret inside the mountain that they have built on. One day a monk is seen standing on the very top of the mountain and suddenly he plunges to his death.
16 June NOTTINGHAM Sherwood Forest
But onanism of the mind is perhaps the cardinal vice of the guardians of truth and love, the liberals, and their even more truthful and loving offspring, the “progressives.” Of course, there are missing-cogs Neo-Nazi cuckoo clocks too, and there are the monomaniacal Elders of Zion minipundits and the Senders-of-the-blacks to “back where they came from” (involuntarily and 200 years before the ancestors of their would-be expellers). But these hide in the swamps of Idaho and in low-membership chatrooms.
we wish them well with appreciation for their companionship.
Gee, ya think? That never would have occurred to me — I operate dangerous power equipment around small children all the time and I’ve only had a few fatal accidents. (Well, actually, if the kids come out while I’m mowing my friend’s yard, I shut off the mower and take a break until their mom comes out, but that might be because I’m smarter than George Stephanopoulos.)
To start things off, I'd like to confidently predict that 2012 will be the year of the dress. Not just for me personally, but for the world at large. Primarily because of the V & A's forthcoming exhibition - Ballgowns: British Glamour since 1950.
2 tomatoes
Santa Fe Art Institute on the campus of the College of Santa Fe
We had a last minute BBQ to attend on Saturday and I needed a quick dessert to bring. I only had about 45 minutes to throw something together so I knew a trifle would be the easiest way to go! I also had a TON of strawberries so I decided on a Strawberry Shortcake Trifle.
(I'm told my last words to him made it into the 6:00 a.m. Channel Four News but I can't find a clip to prove it.)
Also, I hope that there is a positive subtext there. It is possible to reject the way that we've been led to believe that Christmas must be. We can always choose to do it differently.
In honor of this past 3 weeks of celebrating time, I created another digital collage with the theme about time.
And why am I blogging this for strangers? Because I have to talk to someone that will listen and have a reaction. Any reaction. I need to be heard.
The military is under-reporting the number of times that Afghan soldiers and police open fire on American and other foreign troops.
Sybil Barnabas exhibited some of the following behaviors:
Dr Judy Mikovits of the Whittemore Peterson Institute in Nevada and colleagues at the National Cancer Institute and the Cleveland Clinic emphasise that the finding only shows a link between the virus and chronic fatigue syndrome, or CFS, and does not prove that the pathogen causes the disorder.
If Ms Newton is indeed a Travel Assistant, then what does Lisa Ghany-Weeke’s do?
Thanks for playing and have a wonderful Christmas!
I cringed inside. I can’t help it. That was the million-dollar question wasn’t it? But it didn’t help us pick between our excellent field! I had to do a bit of past reflection and ask myself will they be able to perform the tasks that I have done over the year? Since my position’s purpose and tasks shifted significantly my successor is not doing exactly every single thing that I did in my way and I have to consider that too. After the minutes stretched we finally came to a final choice.
Since a year has passed, I'm thinking about changing the look of my blog a bit. I would love to hear any feedback (negative or positive) about what you think would look good. Same goes for my posts - what were your favorites or least favorites from the last year or what other types of things would you like to see me write about? Other than that, I feel like it's been a pretty successful year, and I plan to make the next one even better! :)
There’s no one else to call
In a few words we had to get the hell out of there and I still didn’t even setup any lighting.
You have to go all the way to the end of the story to find its sponsor.
Milestones-
online
Final total = $0.30 + tax
The hurricane outlook includes 3 hits in Gulf platform areas with at least 2 making a US landfall.
So to our neighbor
It's what I'm going to tell myself when I stand up in front of a group of strangers in April to give a presentation at a local museum.
It's patently obvious.
The perfectionist says not to go running until I can run every single step of every single mile I attempt.
On the same day, magistrate Thys Taljaard denied bail to constable Hlanganani Nxumalo, 28, saying VIP protection unit members had a history of "terrorising" motorists and were not automatically entitled to bail.
What's really unnerving/irritating is that due to Heston's presenting style, it's almost as if he knows how underwhelmed I am, instead opting to look slightly to the right, away from the camera. As if he's talking to his "real" audience just over my shoulder, ones not populated by nay-sayers and stick-in-the-muds. I'm being ignored by Heston because he hates me, and would rather make singing soufflés and exploding loafs for the likes of Caroline Ferraday and Jenny Falconer. That bald fiend. By the end of the programme you're left feeling cheated and confused. There goes an hour of your time, on a load of balls, not just any balls, but Heston The Cock's Balls.
Students in JOMC 457, Advanced Editing, are writing guest posts for this blog this semester. This is the 14th of those posts. Emily Nycum is a reporting major and art history minor. After graduation in May 2012, she will expand the professional photography business she started last year, Emily March Photography.
Jack Maxton Chevrolet will salute the nation’s active duty and retired service members in May by providing an exclusive “Honor” badge to customers who buy an eligible vehicle through the General Motors Military Discount program.
Eyes: Kawaii Floral Eyes-Green- Spalsh! ( Kawaii Fair Item)
Formatting: Formatting is really easy because Scrivener has most of the standard manuscript formatting tools... I've been finding that this isn't the case with many other software programs. For example, some programs don't allow the use of "Tabs" or double spacing, which are essential for paragraphs in manuscripts!!
Parents warned that white girls as young as 12 are being screwed by older Muslim men but Police and groups with responsibility to protect women pretend it is not happening or that this grooming our youngsters is not racial. Parents claim that there are networks to use our young girls while the authorities are frightened to do anything. The issue is not that they are having sex with under-age girls but that they are using our women for gratification when they have their own women.
The attack on our constitution and our freedoms are led by the spokes hole Nancy Pelosi. This time she wants to change the First Amendment of The Constitution. Pelsoi and the rest of the elites, the Left, the evil Obama, and the Democrat Socialist Party want to restrict what can be said and can‘t be said by business’s that disagree with the policies of the Left and those in power.
The refunded money went into her long-term savings account for a car further down the track.
But ultimately light takes over darkness. We are assured that all is not lost. We hear Jack’s yearning whisper, like a prayer: “Keep us, guide us, to the end of time.” In the eternal scheme of things, shown by the display of the magnificent cosmic visuals, we see all members of the O’Brien family reunite and bathed in a warm bright light. Jack once again embraces the ones he loves, his mother and his brothers. He also stands shoulder to shoulder with the one who has inflicted in him the mixed emotions of pain, anger, and love, his father, now reconciled under the brilliant light. The third part.
Assalaamu alaikum wa rahmatullah,
Well, I’m a little nervous as I think about she’ll react when I tell her she’s getting one, but I don’t let on. To be truthful, as we get started, it puts me in a good mood because I like spanking her. I find that any anger I had usually goes away very quickly when she makes herself vulnerable by putting herself over my lap. As I spank, I am claiming again that role of HOH and I remember that I am responsible for her and I’m to take care of her. And I love her.
Occasionally, apps won’t play nice together. If they are sitting on your phone turned on only when you need them, this isn’t an issue, but when they are TSR (Terminate and Stay Resident) living in the background or foreground together, they can be worse than siblings in the back seat.
Because of this tragedy and loss to your father, I named you after his boss, Tom Haney. So today the memory of that time is carried on each time I speak your name. Honor the memories!
You've seen the funky side of a makeover, now here's a "dressy" version. This table, although very well made, was a bit dated. Who could pass up the versatility of it though...from apartment size, lift the two large dropleaves, then add two leaves...and you're ready for holiday company!
It is dark out, but there is a pale glow to the west. We pass by farms with horses and cattle, then barren fields, and beyond those, it’s trees as far as the eye can see. This is exactly what Henri wanted, a quiet place to go unnoticed. Once a week he scours the internet for six, seven, eight hours at a time to update a list of available homes around the country that fit his criteria: isolated, rural, immediate availability. He told me it took four tries—one call to South Dakota, one to New Mexico, one to Arkansas—until he had the rental where we’re going to live now.
Thank goodness the sibs are transported to the safety of Narnia, the magical haven of their childhood. Wait--on lost, don't the survivors of the plane crash wake up on a magical island?
The day after I wrote that post I remember walking home, thinking about the tutorial in reference to my Shimer experience. I thought about that post being put up on the Shimer blog under the label “Best of the Shimer blog” and how I knew it had gotten that because it oozed the exuberance of a Shimer student in love with Shimer. I thought about how I was genuinely that student when I wrote it. I thought about how there are bright shining moments when Shimer is exactly what I dreamed it would be.
Brooklyn Decker – “Wow… that’s super sad and kinda pathetic. Whatever, I’m over it. Let’s bone again, and then why don’t you get rid of that ring... And then let’s get married.”
School/work/life/blahblahblahboring.
I´m going to try something new and tell the truth. T says I lie when faced with an audience and he´s right, but only because the audience respond to my stories and if I make them better, funnier, larger than life, I´ll get such incredible feedback and that´s obviously better than crack.
into His safety
It is time for another edition of The Session, and this time the theme is smoked beers. I have very little experience in smoked beers, so I took a visit to the nearest Vinomopolet outlet. There I found Ächt Schlenkerla Rauchbier Märzen - a German smoked beer from Bamberg.
So close yet so very, very far.
I was pleasantly surprised by their selection. I lucked out and found a floor sample that was on sale.
Hatch M, Molen J. Women, work, and health. Am J Ind Med 1997; 32: 303-308.
South-west district police chief Supt Mohd Hatta Mohd Zin, when contacted, said police were investigating the case under section 13 of the Anti-Human Trafficking Act 2007.
LOCAL SLF: Decatur vendors the SLF will be branching off into a new Decatur Local Favorites Group and I encourage you all to get in on the ground floor here. Memberships are limited. We will be meeting May 22 at 6:00 so feel free to email me mail@sjanephotography.com for more information on how to get involved.
They are new every morning; great is your faithfulness.
I found this fabric a couple of years ago and knew right off the bat that it must come home with me! I bought 2 yards thinking that should be enough, it took nearly 2 years to finally get brave enough to make the 1st cut.
*Link up Crafts, Goodies, any DIY Projects, Printables, Recipes, etc... You get the point! Keep it fresh and try not link up the same thing every week.
This is probably a good thing.
But she did not tell me what to do when you meet yourself, a complete stranger
Our spring chicks that we ordered arrived a couple of weeks ago. We ordered about a dozen new laying hens and a couple dozen meat birds, along with a few turkeys. Baby chicks are always fun to watch as they grow.
So this past weekend I felt the pull of summer sun and wandered down Fulton Street...
3. Skipping Class: Sometimes you just have to.
Should you consider or reconsider organizing your brand, planning your posts and figuring out the best keywords, the best audiences to push to, the best ways to build and develop your message so it can be seen online?
The wife returned the children to their beds, tucked them in. I looked out the window to ensure that the house was not ablaze. This seemed like enough at the time. I turned on the television, hoping to get an update on the weather. Our oh-so-reliable Time Warner Cable...was out. It took the internet with it, as we soon discovered, when the wife tried to pull the radar up on her laptop. We called Time Warner Cable, told them what happened, and then decided it was time for bed.
i've shown you mine, now show me yours!
So you just bought a new home and you may or may not know the history of the previous owner. Smudging your new digs on a regular basis, with white sage smudge sticks or a simple stick of lavender incense, purifies and cleanses your home of these unwanted energies.
We can also see the suicides of those in the imperialist occupying armies as politically motivated.The US military has lost more soldiers to suicide in its invasions of Iraq and Afganistan in 2009 and 2010 than it lost in combat. These suicides are just as much the result of political oppression and repression as those of the freedom fighters of the resistance movements they are sent to fight.
I used the punched cardstock as a mat for my other card, a American Craft's twofold.
Then the Lord said, “My Spirit will not contend with humans forever, for they are mortal; their days will be a hundred and twenty years.”
The first album was recorded in spring 1980 and during the recording they discovered that Cathrine also could play the piano, and had real talent for it, so soon after the release of the first album a synth was bought and Vacum had found its form. Most of the material was based on ideas of Cathrine that all the others contributed too. The first album opened a lot of doors and the band started touring a lot and the second album was recorded in MNWs studio in Vaxholm. They pride themselves of writing a lot of material which resulted in about 150 songs. The aim was to have a new song on each local gig which resulted in long long rehearsals and to top that a lot of gigs which started to wear the band down.
EAST RAND: Department of Education hastily backtracks on a letter to schools on “Apartheid genocide”.
It was the emo phase, and everyone in high school at that time went through it, even if just for a moment. Even if it just meant picking up a Panic! At the Disco album, we all joined in. We thought we were cool; we were just silly. But we have the photos and buried CDs in the back of our closets to prove it.
274 3. “‘Private’ Gambling and Public Morality.” Congressional Record, August 1, 1996, pp. S9499-S9450 (entered by Senator Paul Simon) (abridged). (Source: Item D-III/25/1996. Incorporated in Item C-1997(7), below.)
Dan: Hi AJ. no no, we’re awake… I was just thinking about you.
Remember the post I did about my son’s communication device being broken at school? The device was broken at the end of March. We sent it to Words+ to be fixed. My husband called them and got the address to send it to, and an estimate on what it will cost to repair it. He packed it up and shipped it out. We waited for a phone call that never came. You would think that they would call us when they received it. No. It just sat on a desk. It was looked at, but that was it.
But there is a greater and more immediate danger: Even if Spain and Italy are fundamentally sound, there may not be two years to find out. The level of Greek interest rates shows that markets believe that Greece will default very soon. And even before that default occurs, interest rates on Spanish or Italian debt could rise sharply, putting these countries on a financially impossible path. The eurozone’s politicians may learn the hard way that trying to fool markets is a dangerous strategy.
hovering unwanted, that sound in your ear,
such things as fire and other unexpected events.
1. Sam Lacour (O) 39; 2. Carmin Garrity-Gemei (O) 41; 3. Tyler Gillman (CH) 48; 4. DJ Fredrich (CH) 53; 5. Dan Habilo (CH) 54; 6. Andy Perez (O) 54; 7. Joe Pugliesi (CH) 61; 8. Billy Vlad (CH) 63; 9. Nick Rodwell (O) 63; 10. Steven Daprino (O) 63.
4. I Walk The Line
SECTION 1. The existence of war between the United States and other countries of Europe and Asia, which involves the Philippines, makes it necessary to invest the President with extraordinary powers in order to meet the resulting emergency.
At night Lord Key met alone with his cousin Araxo to play some chess and to talk of their venture should the captain not be able to return from Sasserine. Obviously Count Tydan had put alot of money and faith in Rennaud only to find out it was a personal quest. Lord Key was torn between cutting their losses and turning back for Port Torvin or dealing with the Crimson Fleet for the sage themselves. Araxo mulled this over and other ways to be rid of his meddling cousin, but knew they were at the mercy of Captain Cassidy until then. The peaceful interlud was interrupted however as the ship shook violently and the crew cried alarm. Rushing to the deck they all saw the massively thick coils drawing around the vessel. Off the port side a serpentine head crested in black, rose from the depths to bare its fangs at the hapless defenders. Cuahto had heard of this beast only in tales, the dread sea serpent of the Amedio coast: Black Fin.
Downstairs in our library, amongst a gaggleous mountain of books, we have a large shelf of records crammed together so tightly that it's almost impossible to pry them apart. Looking for the album cover, I started at one end of the shelf, then worked my way toward the middle, prising and peeking.
Great Egret 1
Assalamualaikum and hello. Of all the "kueh" that I have shared in Tea With Umi, this is my favourite. So, I am sharing this kueh again with you my readers in umidishes. This kueh is called Cucur Badak ( Sweet potato fritters with spicy coconut and shrimps fillings). This is also another winner for breaking fast.Some people prefer to place a shrimp onto the kueh. The sweet potato dough can be replaced with tapioca. My late mum preferred tapioca dough. The tapioca has to be grated and the liquid squeezed before it is turned into dough.
Via TDP (Texas Democratic Party):
Anyway....it is also my favorite food time of the year. New Jersey field grown tomatoes, peaches, blueberries and sweet corn are something seriously special. If you don't live in these parts, if you ever get to the east coast in the summer, make a special day to come to New Jersey and eat corn and tomatoes. They are THAT good. Anyway, it is also the time of year where I go all "urban homestead" and make jams and jellies, pickle and can things, and generally get very much like my grandmother. You know, because you should crank the heat up in the kitchen as much as you can during the summer months. While I spend the day on my feet doing this, I am not being active, and as you may have gleaned, the heat really saps me of my motivation. It hasn't helped that since June 1, New Jersey has been 90+ degrees ALOT. (Girl who loves to eat+not motivated to exercise = static waistline number/annoyed with myself)
A very good ending to this show, especially Storm’s promo. I still believe they should have given him the title win, but I am willing to watch this unfold, because make no mistake about it, Roode Vs Storm will happen again. The question though is can they hold this off all the way until Bound for Glory, or short-term at Slammiversary?
The image I have used for my cards is
The background was made with watercolours and acrylic paints. The Scroll butterfly heart stamp was stamped in black ink and embossed with clear embossing powder. Image was coloured with watercolour pens and paints. Really love this stamp.
I want to pick 3 winners again. So I’ll ask you what your favorite items are from the rest of them, and the first winner will get 4! The next two will get 3 each. Last time I was able to give everyone something they wanted, so it was pretty fun!
I'm the type of person who doesn't sort of make decisions or have epiphanies in one fell swoop. So I would have to say there were a number of moments when I sort of realized that I was in love with Julie... I think when I had a wonderful moment when I had this gut reaction was when Julie had just gotten back from the airport from visiting her sisters, and she had all her luggage, and she just looked so beautiful and she had this big smile on her face and we hugged and she gave me a kiss on the cheek and I had that butterfly feeling and I started thinking about dating Julie right at that very moment. I had liked Julie before that but I hadn't sustained the emotion before that previous moment. I had thought about it before, but I hadn't known. But then that moment, when you walked in, you were radiant and smiling and I felt all light hearted and I couldn't think about other things for awhile and I was just thinking about you.
The book is now closed on the case.
Will the NHL learn? Will Horton? More importantly, will YOU?
224K m3 of various (PI) Planetary Material.
Once the image has dried, I cut the paper to create a border adhering it around a empty ribbon spool.I punched two small holes along the top to add twine for hanging
Mahabharat offers a variety of characters whom we in this present world could relate to and I would be trying to give my own understanding of the characters as time goes on, hoping to find some answers myself too in the process. Additional to that I can say Business Sutra reignited my interest for it providing a different perspective and a deep insight into Mahabharat. I enjoy the Business Sutra very much started on CNBCTV18 in which Devdutt Pattanaik talks about mythology. I can honestly say that it is a delightful experience listening to him. I have rarely seen someone describe and enlighten people about Indian manuscripts and old age text like he does and use it in terms of management.
You must carefully continue to follow the gluten-free diet. When untreated, the disease can cause life-threatening complications.
I balance a tightrope every minute of every day and it's become so automatic, I forget I'm even doing it. More importantly I forget it's actually a full time job.
Protect and Enforce
On Saturday 18 February, community members are invited to join Conor at the Lovett Gallery and hear him talk about the stories featured in the exhibition. Also on hand will be distinguished photographer Robert McFarlane to engage in a wider discussion about documentary photography.
How to get there: I took the train to Richmond (from London Waterloo or Clapham Junction, with South West Trains), but could also have caught the District Line or Overground. Then, from the bus stop just outside the station entrance, I jumped on a 65 bus towards Kingston, alighting at The Dysart Arms; the 371 runs along the same route. The bus stop is adjacent to Petersham Gate, a pedestrian-only entrance into the Park. At the end of the walk, as it was a pleasant evening, I strolled from Richmond Gate down Richmond Hill back into the town centre, but if you’ve walked far enough the 371 stops just outside Richmond Gate. Alternatively, turning left and walking down Star and Garter Hill takes you to the Dysart Arms bus stop to pick up the 65.
Am I silly to feel this way or is it normal? I know I will enjoy it when I get there and yes not having to run the girls around and walk the dog and cook the meals and tidy up and so on will be very relaxing. The fact still remains that our little family just doesn't work right apart! This is fueling a desire to really make changes in our life (more on that in the future). I want radical change but we all need to agree on that one.
Whenever Sinful Colors go on sale for .99 cents, which is quite frequently, I load up. I know that some of their colors can be hit or miss, but for the most part, I've had pleasant experiences with their brand. This spring, they released the Cast Away collection, themed after a luxurious Greek vacation.
Mythbusters
This pattern was verified by a much more rigorous analysis in the peer-reviewed journal PLosOne last year. The authors broke the laws down somewhat differently, into four levels (no provision, abstinence covered, abstinence promoted, abstinence stressed), and plotted them against state teen pregnancy rates, like this:
Eva Hughes (Lab) 1696
When your potatoes are mashed add to the flaked salmon, and mix thoroughly.
Mind you, I saw several doctors and none of them were able to figure this out. Oh no, it was me that figured it out. Do I get paid $175,000 a year for it? Like fuck I do.
It's election day and hopefully everyone across the country is getting ready to head into voting booths to pull the lever for their favorite candidates. I used to work on political campaigns so I am always filled with excitement and pride on this very special day. For campaign operatives, there is little to do the night before the election but just wait it out until the next day for "get out the vote efforts." I used to have a hard time sleeping the night before election day and had to do something with my nervous energy. For those of you who knew me during that time, you probably remember what I did. BAKE! I would bake away my big chocolate chip cookies all night and then bring them in the next day to share with the whole campaign team. In honor of my old tradition and election day, I've attached this great election day cookie recipe that I found from the Taste of Home site.
I look to all this stuff, the books, the magazines, the style sections and sites to open my eyes to how to do it better. Not just decorate, but create a home for my family and friends. When I see those rooms all lined up like shoebox dioramas on a schoolroom shelf, it makes me want to open my scissor and drag the blade along the fold; to set the house in order.
- All work is seed sown. It grows and spreads, and sows itself anew. ~ Thomas Carlyle
There’s a word in my family which ignites head turning, eye widening and altogether belly-happiness. I am rather ashamed to say, that for many years I thought the name of this dish was completely made up to entertain small children. I wasn’t completely wrong though, it’s an amalgamation of two Dutch dishes stamppot and hutspot.
Invert the cone-shaped wedge and set it, pointy side down, flat side up, in the crater, and gently press it into place (if needed). Using a chef's knife, trim the sides of the cake to the original shape (in the event reconstructing the cake has made bits stick out, you can trim it a little to make it round again).
There is no doubt whatever your musical tastes, this is the online music podcast for you.
The cap helps distinguish Westys. This beer alone has created a black market because of the ultra limited supply/distribution, insane demand, all coupled with the Monk's strict moral code that 'the beer is not to be commercialized.' In order to buy this beer, one must first place an order weeks in advance, travel to the St. Sixtus Abbey's drive up service station - typically waiting in very long lines, and finally are rationed out only a few cases per vehicle. The price of a case (4 six-packs) at the abbey typically run $48 but I have seen a single six pack on eBay run $170. Expensive? Well, yes - but remember, it is typically only the globetrotting millionaire who can afford one bottle of some of the world's best wine, which can start in the upper hundreds, if not thousands of dollars. I've seen friends and family not blink to a bottle of simple Dom Perignon (by the way who was a French monk) for $200+.I traded for the above pictured Westy 12s through BeerAdvocate.com. This is a wonderful way to get beers that you cannot get and to allow others to try local favorites that you are more easily able to acquire.
Happy Spring y'all!
on the back, a sweet barrette is hand-stitched to hold it in place - they're really sturdy, and i love the contrasting bright colors. such a cute idea!
Off to work now but before I go............
She always wanted a view of this field. We talked about it before, sitting on the porch drinking lemonade. She’d tell me, “Burt, plant me right up there so’s I can always keep an eye on ya.”
Fever Book 5
Second, television and films. Need I say more? I think we’ve all noticed that best sellers read like they’ve been written to be made into an action/thriller movie. And if they are, then they’re actually composed with different elements in mind than a writer puts into a story made for reading only.
Another thing...
My daughter was three and a half months old when she caught her first cold. Old enough to not panic us (after all, she was our second child! We'd been through this before!) and yet new and young enough to completely panic us. (She's so snotty! And unhappy! Hon, do you remember C being this MAD about not being able to breathe through his nose?)
I'd be lying if I said I didn't miss you. I miss you incredibly. The beautiful mornings we woke up to Frank Sinatra in the background and the sleepy nights we slept to Norah Jones's songs playing on your phone...the holding hands and kissing and love making... At times I think I want to just let you go. But then some memory of our time together creeps into my head. The time we spent walking in the art museum in Amsterdam..or that cold night we walked the streets of Paris with your arms around my shoulders. You standing among the crowd in the airport...waiting for me with a smile on your face. The taste of your lips when we kiss for the first time after months being apart. The look on your face when we said goodbye as I boarded the train. You muttered the words 'I'll miss you...' with a helpless look on your face...and tears were streaming down mine. Our walks by the river...in the park...at night. Sitting close and talking to you in that crowded, cramped American restaurant...with their lamp dangling so close to our heads and the very loud music...but I felt so close to you then. And all our other kisses, sometimes not really caring who saw us. Those passionate kisses. God.
Some of you expressed concern about the sheep being eaten.
Heat oven to 200 degrees C/180 degrees C fan/ gas 6. Remove pork from the marinade and put on a small baking tray lined with foil. Roast for 15 to 20 minutes.
They had the power to change things but did not. They are beyond shame which is no surprise for they do not understand the concept.
Baby Girl, I love you but could you please make some room for my lunch?! My mind thinks I’m starving but my belly thinks otherwise.
I had been traveling a road with no yellow line and it was time to refocus.
“Everything was happening without my participation. My fate was being decided without anyone so much as asking my opinion.”
I really liked Prof. Kouvelis. He was so cute with his tidy sport coat and slacks and slick Italian shoes. I had a little crush on him. He was fun. Smart and quirky with this great subtle sense of humor. He wrote this formula on the board one day, then turned and looked at us. "I would say it's all Greek to me, but..." he deadpanned.
“Development and progress of the Mekong region is the key to development and stability in East Asia,” Noda said at the fourth Japan-Mekong summit.
I pulled over into a parking lot and the other car followed me. A teenage girl got out of the car and looked at me like I was an idiot. I asked her, "Didn't you see me?" She flipped out and started yelling, "ME see YOU?! Didn't YOU see ME?" Umm, well, no actually. I didn't. I turned away from her and dialed 911. Actually, I didn't so much dial 911 as I punched 911 as my passcode to unlock my phone. Shockingly, it didn't work. Duh. I came to my senses, unlocked my phone and dialed 911. Isn't that what you're supposed to do? What ARE you supposed to do in an accident? Call the police, right? Or are you just supposed to trade insurance information. I have no idea what to do! Ugh, I got through to 911 and told them the info. No, no airbags deployed. No, no one was hurt. At least I didn't think anyone was hurt. Crap, I didn't even ask to make sure no one was hurt! What's wrong with me? That's the first thing you should do, right? Ohmygosh, my brain wasn't functioning at all.
But under my feet, baby, grass is growing
Seaweed: It wasn't until recently that I discovered how much Heidi and Piper like seaweed. I've tried it and find it tastes too much like sushi without being sushi for me to fully enjoy it. But for them, a whole package is just not enough. They literally stuff these sheets into their mouths while simultaneously asking for more. They're worth a try, if you can find them, and they are also one of the more healthier snack options out there.
Reporting:
No! I’ve participated in the Bout of Books readathon twice and the Dewey 24-hour readathon. Love them!
The One S has tested better than the Note, the Droid 4 and the LG Spectrum in both Browsermark and Quadrant. Quadrant tests everything from the CPU to the memory to the graphics, and while all three of the aforementioned Android phones stayed well below the 3,000 mark, the One S scored an impressive 4,371.
1 x (11)Gardenia Original Classic Jumbo = 3.40
And I know that a loss is a loss, and I didn’t do anything to warrant a higher number, but it’s still disappointing that I let an opportunity to lose more weight slip by. I did a good job of maintaining, which is an improvement from my recent pattern of overeating due to stress. So progress is happening. Part of the stress I felt this week could have been avoided if I had done the grading in small increments each day. But I let myself have too many off days, and then got stuck in a situation where I HAD to get the papers back to the students by the date I’d promised they’d have them.
4. This promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, Facebook. You understand that you are providing your information to the Annotated Horror Blog and not to Facebook. The information you provide will only be used to notify you if you win the contest.
So I noticed that throughout my life all I did was gathering knowledge and very rarely applying it in my reality. Most of the time throughout my world I kept things for myself just being an observer of reality rather than active participant. I would only share myself with few closest friends and otherwise just be the normal silent me. What that did was that I have internalized the conversation in my head thus developing quite complicated mind network where I can and do get lost sometimes.
Since Matt & I have our hands too busy already with processing & shipping art prints & original paintings every day, our assistants Amber & Chris will be handling the orders, payments & shipping from our Midwest Shipping Location through our store Magical_Figurines on eBay. Amber is my sister, Chris is her husband - they are also our employees (and parents of baby Willow and Fox!). As always you can expect the same great service, packaging & fast shipping you get from my art prints/original painting eBay store (Strangeling) - but if you have questions about Cameos, Dogtag/ID Pendants, or have special requests, etc. you will need to contact Chris directly at celpainting@hotmail.com since he'll be processing & shipping orders.
This year wasn't a real active one in this space and I attribute that to Face Book. Posting at FB became my substitute for blogging, but I've decided to become more active up here. If for no other reason, blogging provides an outlet for journaling and that's a good thing.
While such emotional reactions probably feel good to the reactionary spouting them (who is, by the way, trying to articulate perfectly legitimate concerns about something having gone terribly wrong in this country), they ignore some simple facts about the Constitution itself. Without going into all the details about the facts which support a Hamiltonian power grab (Boston T. Party does a fine job of this all by himself in his “Hologram of Liberty”), splitting hairs about “of” or “for”, or devolving into yet another academic Spooner tug-fest, we can let the Constitution speak for itself.
Our attention has been drawn to this narration. Because the Lumbini archaeological finds, particularly the Lumbini Ashokan pillar inscription does not support that the Buddha was born in an Indian kingdom. No literature on the Buddha says he was born in India. We believe this is not right information media like PBS would disseminate to the public. The information requires to be corrected before it reaches to the general public – we believe.
5. Coat grill rack with cooking spray. Place skewers on grill rack and cok for 2 minutes on each side, or until the shrimp is no longer gray.
As well as a random winner being chosen each challenge one lucky player who has used a Whimsy Stamps image (rubber or digital) will have the opportunity to be a guest designer for a future challenge. The guest designer will be able to choose a digi stamp of their choice from the store to create their guest card too! Does that sound good?
This is probably my last post of the evening, but I will be back tomorrow!
April 9, 2011 2:30-5:30 Gypsy Welded Shape cards
*See if there is a homeschool sports league in your area for your older students who want to participate in football, basketball, baseball, etc. Often they will have fundraisers to help deflect the burden of costs to families who participate.
50gms/2 ounces butter
So, thinking maybe he was confused, I showed him mine. Then explained that he'd have no trouble drinking on any post or base he might be assigned to. . . AND that if he didn't like the law, he'd have to first REGISTER TO VOTE before his voice really would be heard.
I've been drawing again - this time I've done a few images which I really needed for my own cards and hope you'll find them useful too. I send a lot of Get Well cards, and needed some images which could be used for both male and female cards. This one is "Bunch of Grapes" and I've already coloured it in green, dark red and purple and am pleased with how it looks.
Then, by other curious twists of fate, Ajit and Subodh move to Delhi and Chandigarh, respectively and so we are back to the duo.
“Elles” a French film about student prostitution was released 3 days ago. It is the creation of feminist film director, Malgorzata Szumowska who attempts to stamp out western attitudes to prostitution, and instead of constructing repressed women forced into sex work, Szumowska tells us that sex is a commodity, bought and sold in ways that go beyond traditional prostitution. Instead it is the suburban housewife who is trapped, trapped in a marriage where sex is sold for her domesticity, and the student prostitutes are the ones who are ultimately freed by their unashamed sexual liberty.
Each orc clan has one banner and King F'Yar carries one as well. Expecting the greatest losses at Kachas Pass, I attached the King to that front to try and mitigate losses due to Crisis Tests.
- "Sixteen Saltines" was the second single, released on March 13, 2012.
The good news is: it’s a long weekend! And we get to celebrate it by cleaning and doing load after load of laundry! We should be almost back to normal by Monday… Happy weekend, everyone!
Cycle Rotations:
I've just consulted my writing diary (not half so grand as it sounds) and this week I seem to have given myself a lot of submission deadlines. However bearing in mind my new mantra to be hypercritical on myself that might get whittled down while I review endings etc.
But if you encourage other teachers (AND your students) WHILE you're experiencing the classroom, you become a living inspiration as long as you don't break your professional ethics of confidentiality and privacy and you keep your dirty laundry in the closet where it belongs - it HELPS us other teachers who are living it.
Unfortunately, we’ve been tracking a set of emails that falsely claim that the 2010 health care reform legislation (which contained a burdensome 1099 reporting requirement, now repealed) imposed a 3.8% sales tax or transfer fee on all home sales in 2013. There is an element of fact underlying this rumor, but for the most part this claim is false.
Of course there’s no intrinsic need to take either representation or inference as derivative of the other – both concepts could be explanatorily fundamental. But Brandom thinks he can show that reference is derivative of inference – thereby going against much of the modern analytic tradition.
It is estimated that, approximately 2% of the betting public in the UK and Ireland make a profit from horse racing which is quite concerning, so it’s important to find a product that gives you a good return on a consistent basis and the Sprint Lay Expert certainly doesn’t disappoint in that department.
So take a piece
Le Manoir de Kerledan is situated in cenral Brittany and provides a fantastic base for visiting the region. If you'd lke to know more about staying there just drop Penny a mail, and she'll give you the details.
According to her father, genius skips a generation. Claire feels terribly slighted and jealous of her daughter. She yearns to be named a genius, to even see some evidence that her father thought her talented. By talking with various people in his life and searching through his negatives, she eventually comes to terms with her relationship with her family and her daughter and also comes to some self-realization.
Option #5: ??? What do you suggest?
I swat her away. “Not me. Never, if you make me do that I will hate you for it. You realize that this being so important to you, it makes it seem like you have given up on me.”
Son of Linda and Paul
* 6000 volunteers
And finishing up our exciting day with ice cream! Twelve of the kids ordered Blue Moon, by far the most popular flavor. We also had four individuals who ordered vanilla, chocolate, cookies and cream, and cookie dough. As usual, the ice cream was delicious.
Rather, you must grow in the grace and knowledge of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. All glory to him, both now and forever! Amen.
There are events and fun things planned throughout the weekend (to be announced…but, I know with Sue there…it’s gonna be BIG junk fun!), and FOLK Magazine will be all set up with 15 vendors in their very own barn – one more reason to visit! Stop by their facebook event page.
The old man wasn’t lying when he blessed it with luck. A year later, my house was burglarized and all my jewelry was stolen, except this charm. While the burglary was horrific, I am quite thankful there was enough luck for one thing to remain untouched.
Pretty impressive resume for the “sort of Manager” of one of the biggest football clubs in the world. This game (and the Champs Final) will probably serve as a fitting end to the Chelsea career of Didier Drogba – and what a way to go out. Drogba is one of the best scorers in the history of the club but the reemergence of Fernando Torres (and his ability to play better off the ball) makes the star striker’s salary demands untenable. (Drogba has already said he will simply go where the money is best) The team has gelled at the right time by riding its old guard for one final dash into the sunset. AVB attempted to integrate youth into the squad and the friction caused ending up being the cause of his demise.
I like my princesses in paper bags.
Terms to Know…
The 13-fight card flew by quickly, with nine first round finishes, and only two fights going the distance.
McKay’s refusal to actually apologize is held against him by, among others, lawyer and legalization activist Douglas Hiatt, who told SW that the former prosecutor has never faced his "moral culpability." But that doesn’t seem to bother Emery, whose harsh words are reserved for activists like Hiatt who are critical of I-502.
More blind blind auditions:
I am grateful to the Catholic Church for contributing to that part of my education concerned with soulcraft, which was largely absent in public school and a wider American culture rooted in values that are first and foremost money-oriented. Whatever shortcomings the church as a whole can be blamed for, my local parish at least was the only community in American society (besides my family, relatives and close friends) where I did not feel invisible.
There’s a movie coming out soon called Babies. It’s a documentary about four babies born to different families around the world. I am hopeful that watching a baby take a bath in a bucket with a goat nearby it will reset the standard American moms’ expectations on what is safe and normal. There’s always hope. — Julie
Elisabeth Sladen - Sarah Jane Smith
The flavor and texture of tomatoes that ripen indoors after being repeatedly subjected to outdoor temps in the 30s are less than ideal, but they're much better than no tomatoes, and still miles above than anything you can buy in the supermarket, especially this time of year. Quickly roasting them coaxes out lots of flavor without taking hours of oven time.
Until then, as they say in Oklahoma, see ya'll later.
In the middle of both final chase scenes, (one of) the vehicles our heroes use to flee from the Terminator/T-1000 are toppled over.
Hello! What a hideous day we're having! Hopefully all the people in the north reading this are tucked up snug indoors!
“For you maybe, are you so eager to be a grandmother? You don’t even look like one.” I try that angle to get her to back down. “Besides, I don’t even remotely like any of them half as much as I would need to… to…”
So, now it has come to this: drugs for fat dogs. Just say "No," America. Scientists being what they are, with their Rube Goldberg-type brains, they might not have noticed something very obvious, which I am ever so happy to point out to them: pet dogs don't feed themselves. That's right, someone with opposable thumbs, and supposedly a brain, has to feed the useless shites. I know this as a fact, as I have had many dogs, and they have all been completely useless at getting their own dinners. I did have one Lab that apparently had been genetically engineered to have the stomach of a goat, as he would eat aluminum cans, rosebushes, poisonous plants, and whatever else came along. I have heard about sharks that are caught and cut open, to have their stomach contents revealed to have items such as license plates, tires, and engine parts inside. Damn, now I'm hungry....
PICTURE BOOKS: I’m only interested in professional illustrators who can also write, so Santa, if you’re not keeping your portfolio up to date, you may want to skip ahead. But if you’re sharing this letter with any author/illustrators out there, I want to meet the next great children’s book character(s). I’m finding situational or plot-driven picture books are a tough sell, but a great character that can eventually be branded like Olivia, Fancy Nancy, Skippyjon Jones—that’s what’s working best right now. Also, I want high concept books like IT’S A BOOK or THE QUIET BOOK, which seem to be hitting the mark as well.
4) Go for a walk to test weather resistance of new outfit.
Next week: David Bowie, what a c%£$!
In most cases, investors who buy a rental property are left to their own devises. REITs, on the other hand, give investor the opportunity to have their properties managed by professional investors who know the industry.
I had the unmitigated joy of taking mominbox to the department of transportation for her driver’s license renewal.
My daughter wanted to play tennis.
But part of honest Afghanistan testimony includes a message of progress and success. Given the recent war reporting, such a message will very likely strike a discordant note to many Americans.
Cosmetics and…….. digestive medicine (laughs).
- Chart of Roman, French, and British History (42nd Ed.),
Cornell always does interesting things with the Brigadier. We get to see how much he admires the Doctor as an embodiment of English virtue. Perhaps in tribute to Barry Letts, Cornell reveals that the Brigadier is a Buddhist. The Brigadier believes that the Doctor is a Bodhivista, one who has gained enlightenment, but who remains in this world to help others. This is a fascinating spin on the Doctor Who mythos.
I keep all things dear to your heart close to mine
"The first rule of the game is to not get killed by the bad guys. Cause if you get killed, you're dead. And that's bad."
Just when you thought it was over… It seemed like this season was never going to end (not that I’m complaining). A few weeks ago my buddy RJ convinced me to sign up for the Xterra 17K in Laguna. The race profile showed some serious climbs but I really had no idea what I was in store for!
But imagine what could've happened had I let pride win that day? Well, you might not be able to imagine, but I can. And it ain't purty. Not at all.
For example, since he is 6, he gets $5 per week. He has to split up the allowance into three categories: charity, spending and savings. Additionally, any gift money he is given will be equally split between spending and savings. Each Sunday he divides up his allowance and puts the money in the jars. He gets $2 for spending and savings and $1 for charity. While he is still young, we are stipulating how much money goes in each jar. We may allow him to choose the allocations as he gets older.
And yet, many of those emotional needs are only listed as "mild," which in translation means the kids are just ordinary teenagers who are more than a little shaken up over having been in a bad home--with deadbeat parents--and are now in a foster home and wondering why nobody loves them.
Ken is kind with his descriptions of himself and others, while maintaining humor and realism, which makes this book very readable. A brief section at the end of the memoir provides introductory information about becoming a voluntourist.
When we really work on this third question in relation to our entire life we begin to gain personal integrity. It helps us choose what aspects of life to focus on and respond to…..what is important.
I said to my RE today “going through this month after month piles up after a while, that one of the key things in trying to deal with the stress of it is trying to think of each new cycle as a new beginning.” He agreed.
-1000 families
1 heaved
So, one wonders what kind of Quran does this ignorant mufti is reading from? There are hundreds of verses in the Holy Quran urging Muslims to resist and oppose oppression, so why does this so-called mufti overlook all these ayas? Isn't he by so doing displeasing the Almighty in order to please the decadent Saudi family?
Oddly enough, this doesn't frighten me. I am curious about it. Curious to see where it leads. Curious to see why it was an unexpected window rather than what lay behind one of two doors. I have peace about it. I am not worried, or anxious or disturbed. Simply content in the knowledge that even though I don't know what lies out there, jumping out of it feels right.
Trust me, getting a perfect score in your least favorite subject when you least expect it is the greatest feeling of all. Very well, Math, I think I might give you another chance.
Raw/Somebody Else's collaboration beer of unrememberable name
But true love don’t come along every day
While I love watching numbers go down on the scale, I go orgasmic when I see sizes in clothing go down. THAT is my meter of success over everything. I should clarify something… just because the tag says it’s a lower size and it’s got 6% spandex and you KNOW it will stretch literally 5 inches in the waistband, that type of clothing is not a good measuring stick. I could also get into how some clothing manufacturers size clothing in order to appease you, but I’ll save that for another time. I’m talking about walking into the usual store you buy clothing and you can now fit into the next size down jeans (without the “paint it on me with spandex” look to them). Know what I mean?
long-hair, small waist, bare feet.
Week 2: Social Media (Part 2)
Well today has been scientifically and mathematically calculated to be the most depressing day of the year.
8 Shakespeare's Sister
We have a special on this show with heaps of Patterned Papers reduced to the low price of any 3 sheets for only $2.
“Whappo” said the
Her primary function being, cooking and taking care of her family with three kids. She was always over-powered and over-shadowed by her husband (my dad), and I never realised she was being neglected. She had never complained.
When we first got Luke, we were warned that German Shepherds were territorial around their homes, the cars that they routinely rode in, and their food. Luke never lived up (or should I say down) to any of those labels. Labels are dangerous things. They don’t have to be at all true for our subconscious minds to accept them (especially when we are very young) and then we tend to live them out. I’ve met brilliant people who believed that they were only marginally intelligent, thin women who believed that they were fat, responsible people who believed they were untrustworthy….and the examples could go on and on. We’ve all met “them”: people who believed lies about who they really were, and so were destined to live out these smaller existences, constrained only by a false idea.
These local representatives would would be elected to act on strict mandates from their voters and be thrown out if they vote against their mandates, so that the working class majority in Auckland would control the running of the city.
But it’s not persecution! It’s prodding; provoking you to righteousness. All those things are biblical and the only way to thoroughly equip us for every good work. In other words, it’s the only way to become a useful part in God’s plan to bless the world and redeem it through Jesus Christ. Time to grow up!
Or the week before that - it was all my pencils.
If you've made a batch of lemon curd, try spreading maybe 4 tablespoons across the crust with a pastry brush or the back of a spoon. Arrange the mango pieces evenly in the crust -- it's okay if you don't have quite enough to fill it. (If you didn't use the lemon curd, you could use a couple tablespoons of the mango syrup to help fill in any gaps.) Spangle the tart with the berries, then fold the loose edges of the crust over the filling. It doesn't need to look perfect -- rustic and tasty is what you're going for with this thing.
In San Francisco, which Occupy described as ‘a playground for the rich’, protests started last night.
I hope that you are all well and in the next few days will try and catch up with you and your lovely blogs........
It’s pretty labour intensive but delicious! You can actually make this as a meal by itself and cook them in tomato sauce, to be honest they taste just like cannelloni but without the pasta tummy ache afterwards.
Ally Condie's Matched was one of the hyped releases at BEA. I was able to hear her speak on the YA panel, and was so impressed by her. She's the kind of person I think I could be friends with, but more importantly to this work, she gets teens, in spite of the fact that she knows she's not one of them -- a hopelessly uncool adult -- because she's a high school teacher, and she remembers what it's like to be a teenager herself.
This book is free and given out by Pulmozyme. I contacted their customer service line and was able to get a book sent to me. Another way to get this book would be to contact the CF Clinic's Pulmozyme representative.
Mix dry into wet, then add 3/4 cup chocolate chips
I admit there were times when it was daunting.
I guessed that we waited about 20 minutes before we were called back. We went in to the back where the nurse checked us in and had us each get on the scale to check our weight. The nurse asked me to get on to check my weight I told her that I weighed more than what the scale went up to.
It’s the Tuesday after our first men’s conference for 2012, and I’m still excited! By God’s grace, more than 1,000 men experienced the presence of God’s Spirit in a very masculine way. Let me describe what happened. Most of all, I will pass along direct quotes from others who were impacted by the Promise Keepers (PK) 2012 “Called Out” men’s conference.
Does this scare me? Yes. I am not sure that the kid inside me wants to have to deal with situations like that, but I know the man inside me will step up when asked. I know when a hug is needed, or just a quick hand squeeze. It’s not even a question to me; I know the reaction my body and soul will take. Therefore, last night, when I really wanted to be a kid on my final dead day eve , I stepped up. I do not believe it was a full declaration that I was ready to be done with childish things, but I know in my heart that it was as close as I am going to get for a while.
Can we choose to be a certain way, or are our natures determined? (Can I choose to be something I am not?)
6:00 head to the hospital
The last time I looked at the official site I couldn’t determine much information by way of subscriptions but, what does it matter when (I’m so excited anyway? Plus, WoW, Lineage II (before going f2p), SWTOR, Rift and even Aion (again, before f2p) were the standard $15/mo with possible discounts if you paid for more months in advance. A few bucks in either direction would be okay with me to at least get my excited little hands on this possible gem, so lack of information never concerned me.
2 tablespoons of vegetable oil or real butter melted
(The guard exits. King takes out his sword and begins to examine it.)
prayer — added to the show at
So there you have it. These are some of the foods I buy and eat on a weekly basis. If you’re still looking for help in the grocery aisles, let me know how I can help by leaving a comment here!
called,"One Love" by Cedella Marley. I am so excited about
Good balance, the finish is clean and the acidity is only supporting. Very fresh and long with apricot and tangerine on the finish – 92/100 points.
The relationship between me and Noel are getting stronger and stronger. We're very connected and I trust him completely. We've had to sit down and discuss how to tackle our common friend, who is yet again in a very depressive spot but is also letting everyone who wants to listen know about my personal life. I don't in particular want the whole village to know about my abusive past, and well now they do. I don't in particular want them to know everything about Noel that he's told our friend in confidence. But now they do. So tomorrow we're going to sit down together and try and put an end to the gossiping that has started thanks to a very big mouth. Well at least stop the source. I can do nothing about the rumors that are already out there. And frankly I do not care.
As usual, she hits the nail on the head.
It used to be that economists argued that outsourcing wouldn’t be problematic here in the US as long as we had enough growth in spite of the outsourcing that Americans would still have jobs. In order for that to happen, we would need to stimulate the economy – preferably through monetary policy. As it is, fiscal policy is crippled because of politics and monetary policy is crippled because of an overly conservative Federal Reserve unwilling to bend to the need of the unemployed.
#8. Good times and grilled hot dogs at Tri City Park with a boatload of family all around for Grandpa Stu’s birthday #85. He’s the Best!!–we all agree on that. After a little celebration and a lot of Grandpa’s famous hugs, Ani & Brian were off to SF and Laurel embarked on her 7 week/7 city cross country road trip.**
Impress Press-On Nails (110 Joyride, 080 Ex on the Beach, D060 Over the Moon, D030 Holla) $2.99
Now, how to deal with this type of situation. Thanks to Spock, it gives you registerMetaClass () method in Unit test case which you can use in the setup block of the method and all the meta magic would roll back after completion of every test case.
The town was a center of activity during both the Revolutionary and Civil Wars, although no significant battles took place there. Trenches were dug on the property of the Weems-Botts Museum during the Civil War, and many soldiers from both the North and the South passed through here. The house was likely used by officers during this period; it probably was not used as a field hospital, although the Henderson House up the street was. Approximately 9000 Civil War soldiers are buried in unmarked graves in the area around the museum and under the nearby interstate. These soldiers died while camped on and around the property, mainly due to measles; they were all Confederate and hailed mostly from Alabama, Georgia, and Texas.
Orange Chicken (in blue, as Kyo): What?
Christine Okken
“He encountered several individuals in South Florida who he confided in regarding his criminal activity in the Pittsburgh area. This resulted in the aforementioned information being provided to the Pittsburgh Bureau of Police. During his arrest a large sum of money and two weapons were also recovered by the FBI in Miami,” Michael Rodriguez with the FBI said.
The Carousel Bar at the Monteleone is a hub (figuratively and literally) of activity during Tales of the Cocktail. During the day it’s both a convenient meeting place and a handy spot for a quick drink to fortify yourself before venturing out to other watering holes. This makes it a very busy place during the day, and finding a spot to sit or even stand takes a little effort and patience.
created by David H. Everett/Chicken Lips
The clock is ticking…
Vidhi
Rumfoord is merciless in his machinations and effortless in lies. He sacrifices lives to save humanity, but the same time he’s indifferent towards everything. His omniscience and potency to alter on a massive scale are traditionally traits of the storyteller. Rumfoord has become God and the Devil, but is also lesser when compared to the alien Solo. Clear indication that no matter how much power a man accumulates he’s insignificant when facing space.
These things happen. My husband is philosophical. We will replace it, the new tree will grow. I’m not sure I want to replace it. It was a living link with that happy day. It was the last tree my husband will ever plant with his own hands. It can’t be replaced.
Hello Lovelies!!
He trailed a finger down her cheek. “I remember no coercion. Come on, I have something for you.” The Gypsy King grabbed her hand and led her behind him into his wagon. Briana hesitated, so he added, “I don’t bite. You can leave whenever you want. Gypsy honor.”
Another plus to this activity is that the child creates a pictograph at the end. Sophie immediately identified it as a pictograph when questioned, because we've been talking about them all week.
How much time a day you think about that you should do something else, for example should do sport, should relax, should drink 3 litres water, should meet your friends, should eat more healthy foods etc? Many months, years went by in my life without stepping forward in "should do" cases. When it became ripe to act.
Josh, the Marlborough born Kiwi from Moa took a flight up to Sydney from Melbourne to be our special guest in Darlo and it turned out to be a memorable night with a lot of new faces and a great Q & Ale session.
Remember everything those God-damned bastards did to us.
Here are a couple of pics with her baby in the bassinet.
Unfortunately, another series of events occurred as I slightly cut my finger while cutting up veggies for lunch. It wasn’t too bad, but I still thought that having a bandaid would be a good idea since I will be using my hands a lot in Body Pump training, and Brian and I didn’t have any bandaids at the apartment.
couple chunks fresh ginger
Spread the news too! Please invite your followers to join the fun at Guylou's Inimitability.
OMG – it has been awhile since my last post as I have been battling a bad case of the flu and pneumonia…it was a killer. But I am back! Well almost back…. I am slowly but surely on the mend and dying to get back to making some fun clean foods and the gym. Oh how I miss the gym!
Mya god bless you
This book is definitely a must read. I am sure you will be touched by these lives, and would want to find more about India.
monday with tate.
emptied the entire closet and went through and decided to get rid of some of the sheets, pillows, etc. that have seen their better days.
"Every week."
If anyone has any suggestions, I'll be glad to hear them. But in any event, there was tee-tee today in the potty, Her Majesty seems interested, and I'm hopeful that "Potty Training, Part Deux" will not be the debacle that it was with Wonder Boy.
4:00 PM Baby Steinberg
And the startled little waves that leap
The Kitten's Whiskers is a blog by Laila, who is currently making it her mission to buy all her clothes from charity shops, so her blog is choc full of amazing finds and charity shopping tips. I'm a huge admirer of her ethical shopping mindset, and I fully intend to make more effort to shop in charity shops from now on, partly inspired by her little blog :)
I can't help but get a little weepy looking at this photo. My parents were in their mid-50s when the grandkids started coming. This little guy will never roast hot dogs on the beach with Oma and Opa, or go sailing with them out on Seneca Lake or hike along the railroad tracks with them and pick up treasures. But hopefully he'll still get Opa's stories and Oma's sweet songs, and the certainty that he is well loved.
father, mother, and four brothers “quit
Start over. Use the formula that I've yapped about endlessly. It's in the archives.
Let me preface this by saying I never run in the early mornings. Like never ever. Well, maybe 7 or 8 am once in a blue moon but never 5:30-6:30 in the morning. I'm just not a morning person. That's why it's worth noting that today I ran at 6:30...in the morning! Crazy. You see at about 6:20 I awoke from this terrible nightmare (and of course, I don't remember even a bit of it now) and did not want to go back to sleep so I decided to go ahead and try to get in as much as my run before having to get the boys out of bed and ready for school. I was dressed and on the treadmmill by 6:27. My training plan called for a 20 min warm-up with 4x1600s at an 8:17 pace. I knew I wouldn't have all that much time so I got in about a 5 min warm up and 3x1600s instead of 4. And then a 5 min cool down. So, a run that would've normally got me 7 or so miles ended up being 4.2. I'll take it!
He wasn't taking any chances, he later told me when we met up later for a cup of thermos-cool tea and a sandwich, as he didn't want anything like that happening to him, demonstrating a strange take on working-class solidarity.
I was concerned about Karena's horse's being scared to death of there new barn buddy and for two reasons i grabbed a bag full of Lenny's hay bedding before we left. Some hay for his new bed to bring him comfort at his new place and to sack out the horse's. I suggested to Karena she toss in a hand full of Lenny's bedding in there stalls to get them used to his scent.
Me: Now, H, remember, chocolate milk isn’t healthy. It isn’t food, it’s a treat. We drink regular milk for lunch.
I know that this is a bit of an old book, but it’s been sat on my mountain of books-to-read for a little while now and this morning its time came.
Date of Origin Saturday June 11th, 2011 approx. 03:30 PM
In addition to this lesson, I'm hoping that Wiola is going to be able to come out again to continue working with us on the straightness issue; I really feel that there is little point in spending lots of money on lessons that only work on the horse, until I have sorted my own problems out first. The lady that owns the yard I keep Echo at was really impressed by how well Echo was moving during the lesson - and we were barely concentrating on her - it just shows how vital it is to make sure you are sitting right in order to make the horse go well.
So this year I’m going to try to make a real effort to see some of these ancient monuments. This isn’t a travel blog, but that’s fine. The ancient castles and buildings have been part of the landscape for hundreds of years and in many cases have had a major impact upon the rural economy and surrounding countryside. That, and those moody battlements and damp dungeons, is what interests me.
But many ancient cultures believe in the periodicity of events and carefully marked the periodicity with deadly mathematical precession. The natural periodicity gave them the idea that life also follows the similar periodicity which gave them comfort in the continuity of life forms with certain cyclical periodicity symptomatic with larger natural cyclical periodicity. This continuous form of life in one form or others led to the theory of reincarnation of life forms. They believed that many life forms are part of larger natural cyclical periodicity which gave them an attitude to respect to nature. This theory helped people to watch their actions as their consequences may spread over next life times also and helped societies deal with complex issues like criminal justice, decriminalizing certain aspects of human behavior. Prostitution which is a worst translation in to English a very positive term from Indian languages –Vyabhichara Vrithi or Jara Vrithi or Bhoga Vrithi-was decriminalized and legalized long time back. The Term vyabhicahara is used to designate wavering budhi that leads to the chains of actions and consequences-the judging faculty of life forms differentiating right from wrong- as done in Bhagavad Gita which dictates that one should have budhi avyabhicharini-single pointed thinking process. From Chanakya to Kakatiya Kings the state considered vyabhichara as a profession (both male and female no discrimination here) and taxed the incomes at 10% and used this money to maintain law enforcement agencies. Many western countries like Netherlands (Holland) are following the same path.
What made you decide to focus on writing historical fiction?
- Blair's Mum had a heart attack and died three days later, horrific time watching someone slowly die. Family arguments afterwards resulted in Blair not talking to any of his family since April.
Everything I used here was from the Sunshine kit that I bought from Scrapbook Steals, of course, my favourite place to buy my My Minds Eye collections from! Only thing I added was a tiny bit of white Bazzill basics cardstock. The text was printed onto some Sunshine paper from a 6x6 pad I bought previously from Scrapbook Steals.
I seriously could not be more proud of these kids! I was almost in tears congratulating them and telling them they did so good! Not only did they do a great job, they tried hard, had fun and are totally learning about healthy activities for now and in their future! It makes me even more proud of where I am now compared to a year ago. I would have really struggled to run a mile with them last year at this time...and to think not only did I do it, but I am teaching my kids something so important! Being healthy, being active and having FUN together!!!
Reason for Recall: Health Hazard - E. coli
Yup. I've got to get myself on a better schedule and quick! I'm going to be a zombie once school starts if I don't get myself to bed by 1:00 or before.
I spoke to my dad the other night. As I looked at his photograph on top of my mum's television cabinet, it was as though he was really there, really looking at me and really smiling. It was an incredible emotionally charged moment for me as his face came to life through the glass frame. My dad; my hero. Whenever I go to stay at my mum's house near Bolton, I always tell myself I'm going to make time to go to his grave. I want to kneel at the stone that clearly states his name and imagine the shell that is his body lying just a few feet away from me. But I haven't been for many years now, because I feel closer to him when I'm here, at home.
Don’t forget everyone- you can see “To the Arctic” at Fernbank now! You can also buy Florian’s book “To the Arctic”! We have it and it is full of even more amazing pictures and stories. If you like the “Welcome to the Arctic” Facebook page, you can get a discount on the book!
I can't worry about the big picture. All I can do is what I can do right now. And right now all I can do for this baby girl is give her a safe, warm place to grow.
beg = beginning
YES, Christi did mention this about her mom, whom I have met, and Christi's dad and Christi's niece, and Christi's chickens and her fuzzy cats, who, if we were objective about it, are very well loved but perhaps, um, a little naughty by some standards.
Tip Number Three - Use good quality embroidery floss and an embroidery hoop. Click here to watch video demonstrations of the hand embroidery stitches used in this pattern.
So onto today's workshop.The lovely Sue arrived with a card for me. I was decidedly nervous, and rightly so...
I’ve attempted pitching ideas a few times, and always felt the light going out of me as I tried to make sense of an initial ghost of a feeling about a play out loud….so I found this section useful. There are some suggestions on how to deal with the system. Rather than rules, these are pointers on how to approach the problem and are followed by the statement that sometimes you have to have the courage to say ‘I don’t write like that’ and hope you don’t lose the job.
Look, there goes my rainbow
"I have learned how to be content with whatever I have. I know how to live on almost nothing or with everything. I have learned the secret of living in every situation, whether it is with a full stomach or empty, with plenty or little."
I colored Patsy with my Copic markers and used NitWit Collections Happy Born Day & Summer Splash for my DP (decorative papers). The ribbon, sunflower button, swirl & bling are all from my stash.
"Much of the current weakness is due to a generalised loss of confidence in the ability of policymakers to put in place appropriate responses," the OECD said.
Granted, there aren't a lot of brown-colored people in hockey, and not too terribly many in those freakishly cold and god-forsaken countries (e.g., Canada, Russia). I suspect a good reason for this is that brown-colored people are smart enough to realize that the cold and ice are not aphrodisiacs and any countries where winter is defined as “not July” are not worth living in. But seriously – I can't respect a sport where a 1950s sentiment is not atypical.
That is the idea one person posited to me. In fact, they went so far as to say that weak heroines were the villains and do not belong in fiction at all.
It brightens my day when someone takes time to read and “like” the blog post of the day.
Running (if we can call it that) on the eliptical, staring through the glass doors, off into the distance, I could see myself back in the summer of the waning days of my early life. Driving home late at night. The windows open. The roof open. The cool, humid night in Ft. Lauderdale. It was the summer of '88 and I was back at home. Working two jobs. Working harder than I'd ever worked before. But loving it just the same. All my friends were home that summer. Indeed, 1988 was the last summer we all came home. Sometime the previous Fall, I'd signed up with Columbia House and ordered 12 tapes for cheap. And because I liked Magic Power, I included Triumph in my order.
“The government’s influenza countermeasures headquarters proposed measures for local bodies such as closing schools and maintenance of medical systems, starting on Saturday, when the first case of the influenza at a location other than a port of call was confirmed. However, following the sudden spread of infections, measures by local bodies have started to affect residents, with Hyogo and Osaka prefectures closing junior high and high schools for one week. Fears have also started to emerge that institutions designated to handle infectious diseases may face a lack of beds.
Arrange your lamps on either side of your light box, if the stands poke under your box -as they do in mine - then stand your box on some books to make it flat. Some people prefer to just use one lamp, but I find using 2 will eliminate all shadows and shows up the details on your work much better.
The boys will be at their daddys and mummy can have some mummy time
At the same time, Junsu…
Fishnets should be in every woman or man's hosiery wardrobe, and in at least 3 colors; black, brown and nude. Then of course the season's fashionable color.
Wal: Ok so here’s the thing. I came to know recently that the polar bear was interested as well. And you know…. I kinda have a thing for her…. And I dunno… Not like I realllly want to do this you know. Anyway, I have endured this camp easily enough and can easily claim a place in the wagon for myself. I dunno.. I think I should let her continue the job the Narwhal did.
You couldn’t hear him
Whose change are you helping to pick up? Whose helping you pick up your change? As a body of Christ, are we are all on our knees together, picking up the change together, so that together we can run again, laughing with joy? It’s not change that makes life difficult, it’s the attitude we choose to bring to the tile.
Mile 14: Stopped to take off our shoes and enjoy a short nap on some dude's front lawn. Been passed by several 75 year-old ladies, and two pre-teens running with stuffed teddy bears under their arms. Glad I'm not wearing anything that says Army, because Uncle Sam himself might suddenly apparate and rip my stripes of my sleeves for being such a wussy.
That fits my favorite definition of insanity — “Doing the same thing over and over again and hoping for a different result.”
It’s all a bit messy, what with Andrew Wilkie out there trying to get even for the betrayal, and let’s not forget the spectre of Tony Abbott as PM on the horizon. If he resigns, then surely it puts an early election on the agenda for the government and of course the chances of the ALP wining that are miniscule.
- 2 cups roasted (w/ olive oil, s&p) beets & carrots, chopped
Tonight we are welcoming the new Commander's wife and other spouses of the new command team. I'm not sure what the Army protocol is for an incoming Commander's wife (I even looked it up in the Army etiquette book to see if it had any helpful hints - it didn't), but I wanted to take a small gift.
I still enjoy Commando today, even amongst all the fabulous publications I’m privileged to read as part of my job. It just goes to prove that Commando’s brand of action and adventure resonates across ages.
Bug was sure glad that Mommy let her wear her special Halloween outfit that Grammy Lu had given her a week or so before so she'd be sure to radiate holiday spirit. It was a close call, since she was hard pressed to remove that owl shirt (whooo! whooo! she says) from her frame AT ALL, let alone long enough for a whole wash cycle. The girl's got preferences, I tell you. I had to hide the Halloween costume because she wanted to wear it all. the. time.
Format: Trade Paperback, 112 pages
The other night at dinner I was looking at his pants, and they had received quite a lot of wear that day. There was dirt on them, and creases, and they were looking rather bad. But then I noticed that these were also his best dress pants. And he had them on with a few-years-old golf shirt that he likes to wear on more casual days to work.
Our Chapter member, David Heneghan, CPLP, elaborates more on the importance of onboarding new employees. We’d love to hear from you, either as a new employee or as a key partner in onboarding new employees, what your experience was and what worked (or didn’t work) for you. Feel free to comment or send us your thoughts.
“I’m just so thrilled to hear that,” said Briget Meaden, Valentine’s main caregiver at Bear Valley Animal Hospital, when she heard a 17-year-old Lucerne Valley teen had been arrested last week and charged with animal cruelty and arson by the District Attorney’s office. “She’s just such a happy puppy and so full of deep love even though she’s been through so much.”
It was NOT me that rather than being angry with my daughter smiled when I saw that she had colored on every drawer of her dresser. It did NOT give me a little bit of pleasure as it hit me that "I'm a mom!" and this is what mom's deal with. (And if my daughter DID do such a thing she would have wisely chosen to do so with chalk so it was easily wiped off with a sock).
The Key To Time Management is T – I – M – E – (E). Stay away from Toxic Relationships. Show Integrity in your actions. Manage you Habits and Actions. Evaluate what works and what doesn’t. Evolve. Do these things and you are on your way to taming your Time Trash.
Mentioning three Old Testament personalities in this one verse; Cain the brother of Abel whom he killed and rejecting the way of God; Balaam who led the enemy of Israel to cause them to sin; and Korah who was a rebel along with Dathan and Abiram, against Moses and Aaron in the wilderness journey (Numbers 16). Still we see the need for discernment in the Body of Christ.
I post, you decide! Poor Obama, more and more revelations are coming out about his past and how he conned his way into the White House. The latest are internal emails showing that John McCain was informed about voter fraud committed in Pennsylvania and Ohio during the last election. McCain chose not to reveal this....as any good liberal would. The emails also shows that the Obama campaign paid Jesse Jackson a 'six-figure' amount to buy his silence on what Obama intended to do about Israel - stop them in their tracks. It also shows how Obama received millions in donations from the Russians. No wonder he was so eager to please his masters when he was caught during the open mic scandal. It's all starting to make sense - and to show Obama as the treasonous dog he is. Many have believed for a long time that Obama was born in Kenya and now his released birth certificate has been outed as a forgery to which his own lawyer has admitted to.....and then these allegations. No one was prepared to vet Obama apart from 'extreme Right Wing' bloggers, because to vet him would be tantamount to being racist. There's that political correctness working once again. And now America sits with this impostor as their POTUS. The question is: Are they going to be able to get him out of the office he's been groomed to invade and destroy the country from? Hmmm.......
Congratulations! Please email sponsorptt@hotmail.com to claim your prize and winners badge. Please put PTT#63 & the name of your prize in the subject line (Ex. Winner PTT#63-Bugaboo). Thank you. Please claim your prize by April 30th.
well we had our first meeting today with our home builder and it went pretty well. we discussed with him the types of finishes that we want, showed him the floor plan and the house that we like, and talked to him about how the process actually works. from what i understand, he will give us an overall budget with individual budgets for each thing. we will have a flooring budget, lighting budget, cabinetry budget, etc. because a lot of the things we like are different than the normal custom build, he said that we will have the flexibility to purchase a lot of the stuff from places that we choose. of course he does have vendors that he will use for plumbing, electric, counter tops, cabinetry. one great thing that is going to save us a lot of money is the fact that carol, my amazing mother in law, sells flooring. this is going to save us tonnnsssss of money when building since we will be able to get all of the flooring at cost (we plan on doing wood for the downstairs and carpet for the upstairs). t
My bad action shot of the day is really bad.
Annie: “Who is that?”
And those words stuck in my head like a crumb in a throat
Goodbye.
but I still want to make sure that you are well.
I was thankful for the breeze. My Celtic blood can only handle so much hot weather before it starts to cry, so the breeze was lovely and soothing. The minister standing at the church gate thought so too.
Irrelevant is a word that describes me best. I wish to be free, but I am a prisoner of my own state, a prisoner of my own mind.
Does anyone else find these things disturbing?
I enjoy writing these week-end simple posts; while the suggestions are French-inspired, they are easy things that anyone can do here at home in the US.
The conservative majority were in fact ingenious in their intervention, the implications of which will take quite a while to tell. They also conceal a potential for real change. For so many political debates in our country get mired in the surface details. But the debate that will now occur over the relation between corporations and politics will redefine precisely what gets to count as politics in this country.
I went into something of a depression for the next few months, grieving until we found another cat, Juliet, who is a perfect angel-baby and nothing like Spooky in the slightest, except that she too is particularly beautiful. Bear says that it’s because I paid for all my life’s sins by having Spooky for all those years and God figured I was owed a break.
where we were…when
The Crop and Cow Iron Horse Tour started in Virginia City, MT. this year, leading the bikers through Dell, MT. to Upper Mesa Falls, Idaho and back again.
Goodreads Summary: Weird as it is working for the International Paranormal Containment Agency, Evie’s always thought of herself as normal. Sure, her best friend is a mermaid, her ex-boyfriend is a faerie, she’s falling for a shape-shifter, and she’s the only person who can see through paranormals’ glamours, but still. Normal.
And the instant next, he ascended the keep – valiant Lord Aaron
During these days, Barbra was like a teenage gypsy, traveling around with a cot, sleeping on the floors of friends' apartments, while she pursued her dream of being a star.
Me, and collisions in me do bring a sense of orange safety, the color of protection
From Jaibalito: Catlin, Ian, Carol, and Hans
I had been dozing in my seat and stretched to get a bit more comfortable. Cool air was blowing on my face but I was nice and warm having wrapped myself up in the blanket that was provided. I opened my eyes and saw the wee lights they have on the roof of the plane twinking away like stars so decided to open the blind and have a peer out the window. The sky was split in two by a band of deep orange....the bottom half was a smokey blue/purple colour.....exactly like the colour of black grapes, above it was the band of deep orange and above that was a cloudless dark blue.....and the best bit.....I could still see a tiny sliver of crescent moon. (I found a pic that looked similar)
Like fizzing TV’s.
But if this kind of thing appeals to you, rest assured that there are some wickedly funny one-liners sprinkled throughout, and that Linda Lavin is the expected force of nature as the gleefully selfish matriarch.
Did you know So Delicious Coconut Cream is an amazing substitute for heavy cream in any and all recipes? It doesn’t taste much like coconut (at all), but provides the same creamy texture. As an added bonus, So Delicious Coconut Cream has no fat and only one carbohydrate per serving. In a 1/4 cup (as in, the amount of milk you’d put in your morning Cafe con Leche), there are ZERO points. That’s right, morning coffee is ZERO points. Double woo-hoo! Right, chicken tikka.
Justin Urich & I decided it was time for some warm water fishing.
The bank’s board, led by President Alexandre Tombini, said it sees significant structural changes in Brazil’s economy that will allow for lower interest rates, according to the minutes from its Jan. 17-18 meeting published today. The monetary policy committee, known as Copom, also cited a budget surplus before interest payments that will allow the ratio of public debt to gross domestic product to fall and slow the pace of credit market expansion for their decision.
Week 7: Thursday, Oct. 18, at San Francisco, 5:00 PM
This is the first visualization I saw of this, from Margaret Mooney. Fisher and Frey are also strongly associated with this idea, and their Google book preview is extensive. I was introduced to this by Dave Coffey (of course) and he has a very nice explanation on his blog. Rather than repeat what he wrote, I'll share what it means to me. Sometimes it's a framework for a single class period, sometimes for an entire course, depending on the scope of the objective.
Pioneer Woman cowboy steak sandwiches :: apple orchard :: BWW's :: trip to ER for Ty :: apple pie :: Halloween decorating :: Bella's birthday (the big 04 says Jake :)
Mommy: No peanut, Mommy has never seen a blue dog before either.
"HALLMARK ENTERTAINMENT" WESTERN
This past weekend I used the Challah bread recipe from Wild Fermentation. The bread turned out pretty nicely, but a bit denser than pervious challah loaves I have made. I think the starter would be better suited to a rustic italian/sourdough loaf; but it also may have helped to let the second rise go a bit longer. All in all, we do have some tasty bread for the week. And it looks pretty too:
This card looks very simple, but for me it meant a little bit of maths to figure out just how wide those three stripes had to be, and how much border needed to go around the panel. I adhered the pastel stripes onto a piece of card, and then trimmed the edges to make sure they were all neat. THEN I stuck the whole panel down on the black panel. The black panel is up on foam to give it some depth.
But hoped for nothing hidden,
Paula Williams. Fast becoming the name to go with Teresa and Della when it comes to short stories and serials. Paula took this year's class on short story writing.
Still single.
Also, increased gas prices allow you to give an excuse to why you can’t make it to that person you secretly hate’s birthday party/wedding/get-together. “Sorry Billy, I can’t make the quarter-mile hike to your house because the gas prices are just too high. Do me a favor and say fuck you to the kids and wife because I hate you and your stupid face.” Oh that would be splendid wouldn’t it? Also, it decreases the chances of your bum uncle coming to your house and threatening to shit on your porch if you don’t give him money for crack.
But, it was worth it. I think.
one square of a grid
just yet.
I’ll admit, not being a slave to the education system has done wonders for my body and health. I’m probably in better shape now than I was when I was 17. Oh also, the severe lack of stress helps too. But hey, I’m not bragging. I sacrifice for it. I don’t make as much money, can’t (but don’t want to) raise a family, and I live in a rather small place. I’m not exactly in the ‘hood, but I’m not exactly living in Stepford either. I am, however, thankful for living so close to so many sushi places. Someday I want to move out to the country where there’s less noise, less light pollution (I love the stars – LAME I know…), and just less people overall. I will definitely be giving up quick access to raw fish and rice. Fuck.
Considering the weighty responsibilities of the members of the College of Cardinals in assisting the Holy Father as his closest co-workers, even “to the shedding of blood,” I am more than ever conscious of my own weakness and of my total dependence upon the help of divine grace, in order that I may fulfill worthily and generously the responsibilities which will be mine, God willing, as a Cardinal of the Church.
Memory cells?
A truly great Android game knows how to play nice: how to fit seamlessly into the system of apps, services, and UI features that run on Android devices. In this multi-part series of posts, Android Developer Relations engineers who specialize in games explain what it takes to make your game play nice.
These cakes work well with almost any topping, but I really do like the fresh fruit and the dark chocolate coffee!
it's sea glass hunting time again! i've had good luck lately and just this weekend found another very rare piece of red glass! when i spotted it, it was under water, and a wave was coming. the only thing to do was wait and hope it would still be there when the ocean calmed, it was! the above photo shows some of my best pieces i've collected over the years. and though i like them all, the turquoise and aqua colors are my favorites. i found this book pure sea glass by richard lamotte, this weekend too, at the sea glass festival my sister and i went to. it's a fantastic reference. it describes where different colors may originate from, it could be that these pieces started as a bottle or dish or even a lantern. i'm so happy to add this to my library, if you like collecting sea glass, and would like to know more about it, i think you'll love this book.
The evening the first snow falls, their mood unaccountably changes. In a moment of tenderness, the pair are surprised to find themselves building a snowman – or rather a snow girl – together. The next morning, all trace of her has disappeared, and Jack can’t quite shake the notion that he glimpsed a small figure – a child? – running through the spruce trees in the dawn light. And how to explain the little but very human tracks Mabel finds at the edge of their property?
Partners In Crime - 8.4m
This was recorded just prior to the Admiral Fallow gig at PJ Malloys, Dunfermline on 30th April 2012.
To participate simply leave a comment on their facebook page - Strident publishing saying why you'd like the book... The contest will end next Friday 27th August when they will choose 3 winners at random.
mc = make cluster made from 3 treble stitches
Lite Cool Whip - 20 calories or 1 point
and it is not going to work.
(4) Landlords will be entitled to defend attempts to change rents if they can demonstrate rents being based on costs incurred on the premises, though a defence will not be available based on existing bank loans.
Have a wonderful Fall (even though it will be in the 80s here) weekend!!!
* Orlando Jones as Alexander Ribs
CHILD SEXUAL ABUSE
He also jumped on the table while Mr. G. ate a roasted chicken leg and with the speed of a flash catched it with his paw and wanted to escape. Mr. G. just had time to safe his supper ! Of course Arthur got some pieces.
I had a few upholstery class at my studio.
So, I have been slacking a bit, with blogging and with running. Naughty tortoise.
-Visit my friend Stefanie's blog for some amazing stories and links and videos and more. I have shed quite a few tears reading her posts and hearing some more heart baby stories.
Relight Rule No. 10: Proceed with caution — finally, are you getting back together for the sake children? Think long and hard. Of course your children would've taken your breakup badly. And maybe they're finding it hard to adjust to the status quo.
below small knobs of dried, dun
But the whole world’s turning brown and who cares?
The fire will
of the flock
Now I'm fifty.
Continue from the previous issue, we are still now at the alleyway called “Trok Long Moo” or “Soi Sukon 1”. I personally call this alleyway as a “stomach feeder” area. This area in not only full of good food, but also 24/7 for food! In the morning you can find one thing. In the night, there will be other things to eat. From late night to early morning, you also can find another thing which is also eatable and riches taste! This alleyway is also really close to the Hua Lumpong train station (approx. 10 mins walking), china town or Yaowarat (approx. 5 mins by bus) so if you plan to visit the restaurant, there is also a lot of place that you can visit before or after the meal.
When I left New York to move to the UK to be with Wifesy for her last two years of school and to try my hand at comedy around the queen’s nation – one true thing happened. I lost A LOT of friends. Even though, I tried to guard against it. I had Skype already set up on my computer from a million Skype sessions between myself and Wifesy. In what I thought was a smart move, I decided to bring my Vonage phone with me. Now, if you don’t know about Vonage – it’s fantastic, if you’re involved in any kind of international lover affair. You can buy these packages where your entire country and one other country are bundled together. Every time you call the other country it becomes just like making a local call! This was a godsend for me when Wifesy when we first started dating. Before Vonage, my first phone bill was $1200, just about as much as my rent. (Yikes.) So, after a year or so, once I decided to move across the pond to be with her, I spoke to my Vonage representative and was told I could take my Vonage phone with me! “This is great!” I thought. “I’ll stay in touch with all of my friends!”
Sadly, I was not able to go in more than once, as my hip decided it couldn’t cope. So, I had to walk around the outside and watch the fun instead of joining in “insert very sad face”.
As a result of the cuts and the government’s failure to communicate or deliver its big society aspirations, much of the goodwill civil society groups initially felt towards the project has now evaporated, says the report, published by the thinktank Civil Exchange.
It’s almost Christmas. With the global holiday days away, the people of the world should be turning their attention toward celebrating peace and goodwill, but tension between humans, vampires, and væmpires is at an all-time high. Desperate for solutions, King Brant schedules a secret summit deep in North America’s Northern Forest. Along with Queen Anne, Princess Cassandra, Daniel’s family, and the human president and First Lady, the vampire leader seeks to reaffirm the ties between humans and vampires, while brainstorming ways to respond to the growing hostility among væmpires.
For when you look into my soul
Who trusts her partner and her son with a Trust so fierce that it’s hard to ever feel unsafe.
“Life doesn’t just happen to us. …The truth is we decide how our lives are going to be. …And the magic wand that makes it happen is our expression. …When we fully realize that we are spiritual creators, life does become our dream.” Pg 170
Born in Baltimore in 1929, Rich was the elder of two daughters of a Jewish father and a Protestant mother – a mixed heritage that she recalled in her autobiographical poem “Sources.” Her father, a doctor and medical professor at Johns Hopkins University, encouraged her to write poetry at an early age.
Jimmy warned her that this choice was risky because of the narrowness of the melody. It’s true that it did not allow her to show her range, but man, did she ever bring explosive energy and power to it!!! Once again, my country girl does it….. she has gotten me on board, and I’m there for the long haul!!! I love to watch her and listen to her and experience her. Good job.
If you can't leave a comment in the comments below, feel free to head over to my Blog Facebook Page and leave a comment there telling me to enter you into the giveaway. I will make sure your name gets added!
At a recent blood drive at Liberty University, the American Red Cross attempted to lure potential donors with the posterized tagline, GIVE BLOOD LOCAL. KEEP IT LOCAL.
In the next story, Mudd is back, and this time he has found a planet of abandoned high-tech androids that have been waiting for a human to serve for over a million years. He quickly molds them to his liking (including hundreds of identical fem-bots "programmed for pleasure"). The bots, however, want more humans to study and serve, so Mudd sneakily gets the Enterprise crew onto the planet, where they find it very difficult to leave. When the bots' plan to take over the universe and enslave humanity in a web of pleasure is revealed, Kirk and his crew use illogic (even Spock!) to get the bots' circuits to lock up so they can escape (there might be an ad at the start of this video, but it is worth it):
6. All deliveries will be given a tracking number. Tracking numbers will be sent to buyers and posted online.
counting down the days till I can quit working, mostly because I have
One Family Sized Can of Cream of Chicken Soup
Cast : John Marley, Lynn Carlin, Richard Backus, Henderson Forsythe, Anya Ormsby, Jane Daly, Michael Mazes, Arthur Anderson, Arthur Bradley, David Gawlikowski, Virginia Cortez, Bud Hoey, Robert R. Cannon, Raymond Michel, Jeff Becker
If you go:
At least the bathroom floor was fairly clean.
I thought it would be fun to put together a style board of essentials to bring on a Parisian honeymoon ...
Facebook likes: 30,685
Cotswold Premium Lager comes in at a more expected 5%. More mention of the German purity law alongside the information of 4 weeks lagering, Liberty & Hellbruker Hops & Maris Otter malted barley. I’m not going to become the type of geek that recognises the differing flavours of hop & malt varieties, but heh, it does add an air of sophistication.
the assumptions we make bear the fruit of
The traditional filling for this bread is an English walnut filling, but we were allowed to choose our own flavours. Keeping with the nutty theme I decided to use ground pecans and chestnut puree. As the swirls created inside the bread reminded me of cinnamon rolls, I also added raisins and cinnamon which together with the nuts gave it a wonderfully flavoursome and festive flavour.
So with all these avenues available to pay for your journey, I believe our passengers get a lot of opportunities to do the right thing.
This request is merely wishful thinking. Spoiled by PC gaming, I have gotten comfortable playing in 1080p, with 60 frames per second. Modern gaming consoles run at 720p, and rarely hit the 60fps mark. The Wii U may be able to change that. While achieving both may be a difficult task, graphical options can be placed to accommodate this. Players should be able to wager the visuals for smoother gameplay. Due to the nature of computer gaming, every PC game includes this feature. It’s time for consoles to catch up.
My great old friend The Gap bag inspired today's outfit.
You continue to amaze me with your empathy at such a young age. You always ask “you okay” if I make an ouch. The other day I cut my finger while you were having a snack in the living room. I screamed, Ouch! You responded from the other room, “you okay?” and you came to check on me. You are so concerned for me. You jump to my help just like I’m there when something happens to you. I am proud and touched all bundled into one.
It's so odd to me that I already had Wilson sleeping through the night in his own crib already, at the same age as Callie.
Ears listening for the magical sound of your voice,
Timothy G. Byrne, 36, Manhattan, N.Y.
- I was still bald and exhausted, BUT +, Craig and Seth came down to help me take the twins back to the beach.
Back to being constantly amazed...ry LOVES books. I usually have to read her about FOUR books at bedtime, and even after that she says, "mommy, read da book!" and gets mad when we're done. We typically read Green Eggs and Ham, a Tinkerbell book, I Love You Through and Through, and Goodnight Moon. That's a LOT of night night story time!!!
And as for the CRAZY chaos in my living space...my dear friend, Shari (aka the librarian), lent me the book Clear Your Clutter with Feng Shui by Karen Kingston.
I’m deformed. (OK you hardly know me so you want to be spared the details, please try to read on, it’s not horrific).
The pain never really goes away,
With so many fun and affordable options, I think we'll have a difficult time deciding what to purchase with the discount. These preppy pink and green wine glasses are only $18 each (link HERE). Wouldn't this make a perfect hostess gift? A set of these would go a long way towards getting you invited to the party again, that's for sure.
Recently, light therapy has also been found effective in the treatment of such nonseasonal forms of depression as bipolar disorder. One 2001 study found that bright light reduced depressive symptoms 12–35% more than a placebo treatment in nine out of 10 randomized controlled trials.
And I’ll hope Cetaphil gets with the program and removes the parabens and sulfates, as a lot of other beauty products have followed suit too.
(Austin, left. Logan, right.)
As someone who was the caregiver for two aging parents, both of whom lived into their nineties, I found Feeding Mrs. Moskowitz and the The Caregiver: Two Stories by Barbara Pokras and Fran Pokras Yariv ($19.95, Syracuse University Press, softcover) a delightful experience. It is a candid and humorous look at aging. With 4.3 million Americans now taking on the role of caregivers to loved ones, there are plenty of stories to tell and share. The book is two novellas in which we meet Golde Moskowitz, an elderly Russian-born widow living alone with her memories and, in the second we visit a fictional upscale assisted-living facility in Hollywood and learn about it through the eyes of Ofelia Hernandez, a young Latina caregiver who relates the lives of those living there. It is well worth reading whether one is a caregiver or not, aging or not. This is a slice of life worth visiting. A Sacred Walk: Dispelling the Fear of Death and Caring for the Dying($15.95, A&A Publishing, softcover) by Donna M. Authers addresses the fact that all of us will die at some point and that all of us will be called upon to help a parent, spouse, friend or other loved one make the final journey. Helping them make the most of their last years, months or weeks can provide priceless memories, despite the fact that it will test you in every way. This is Authers’ personal story, but it is also ultimately everyone’s story when faced with this final stage of life.
P.S. Be ready for the debut of my new blog once I get back from the Honeymoon! I will be transitioning you all into my new blogging home as I start my recaps!
DM *knows exactly what I'm writing* Lots of people do that you know. Eat roadkill.
(Music: Forget About It-All Time Low, Get Back Up-TobyMac, Six Feet Under The Stars-All Time Low, Small-JJ Heller, Mood Rings-Relient K, No Heros Allowed-Mayday Parade, Our Song-The Spill Canvas, The Story of Us-Taylor Swift, Oh! Darlin’-Autm)
If you're one of those kind of people that likes to put on trance inducing drone out music before bed time Sex Church MIGHT be up your alley. Might spelled in all caps though because if you find some certain types of that kind of music give you really messed up dreams where you end up feeling somewhat disturbed the rest of the day because of what you saw in your sleep-Growing Over is probably not the album you're going to want to put on before entering slumberland.
Q. Have you ever looked at a book's cover and thought, this is going to be horrible? But was instead pleasantly surprised? Show us the cover and tell us about the book.
How satisfying or unsatisfying would it be if eventually the aliens leave not because we beat them or because they’re allergic to water or because microbes gave them colds, but because they had finally taken everything of value? They’ve exploited the world and ripped away everything they wanted and now it’s not so profitable anymore. Sooner or later they decide it’s Peak Oil from here on out, so they cut their losses and go.
Unnamed farmer's wife 20020817 killed in firebombing on unnamed farm (Sapa), Tzaneen, MPL
Today's Prayer: God, thank you for the power of laughter. Please help me find humor in stressful situations. Give me the ability to make others laugh when they need to. I am so appreciative for my wonderful marriage, keep us laughing together throughout the rest of our lives.
Thank you Lord for working in ways I cannot see!
We went canoeing, launching from some friends' dock into a river and using their canoe. At first, Madelyn did not want to go; the tipsy nature of the boat made her uneasy.
and prune out the sick limbs of this country America
Here's the during and after pictures of my balcony. To all my friends (I'm not calling you bloggers any more. We are friends now.) who were here thank you so much for coming. Extra special fuzzy happy teary thanks to Kylie who came all the way from Australia and made it happen. It was truly a weekend to remember.
Now for those of you who aren't familiar with Sarah, she's a quilting angel (don't be mislead by the whole sweatshop thing ). She has a group of quilters who make quilts for the ministry and people in need. Just a little something to show there's someone that cares and tries to warm their hearts. I know she's warmed mine. Sharon at Vrooman's quilts (another quilting angel) had a great idea to donate your blocks to Sarah's cause. That is definitely not required, it's just one angel thinking like another and a great idea.
But then again, you also got bullied if you were timid and fat. Anything that made you different made you a target. I can only imagine the torment a young adolescent or young college student faces if a bully finds out you are gay.
I had a revelation today. Yes, my own revelation, written by me, for me. Oddly enough, this revelation is true. 100% true.
When I moved out to San Francisco back in 1996 I was invited to ride in the cockpit for part of the flight, courtesy of a friend of my fathers who worked for the airline. I can't imagine my children will ever get to do that. The children are seasoned travelers though. For them it will always be normal to remove your shoes at the airport, to walk through body scanners and to pack tiny ziploc bags of miniature toiletries. We all moan about the inconvenience, but to be honest, I have got used to it. Perhaps it has already saved us from other acts of violence. We probably never hear about many of the near-attacks that are prevented.
So, now on to the new Challenge. This time around the challenge is "Happy Birthday"!!
As Marx sets out what characterises the actual material conditions of workers under Capitalism is not a natural collectivity or solidarity, but the fact that “disunion of the workmen is created and perpetuated by their unavoidable competition among themselves.” That competition exists not just at the individual level of one worker against another, competing for available jobs, but at every level. It exists at the level of one factory against another (mirroring the competition between the actual owners of those factories), one industry against another, one area against another, and one nation against another. That is on top of the other divisions amongst workers that Capitalism can exploit – sex, sexual orientation, ethnicity and so on.
The moon will officially become full Saturday (May 5) at 11:35 p.m. EDT. And because this month’s full moon coincides with the moon’s perigee — its closest approach to Earth — it will also be the year’s biggest.
The thing is, she's right. It seems Mr. Revere personally wrote an accounting (spelling original, emphasis mine) of his famous ride (via Massachussetts Historical Society):
“I am entitled to my own opinion which might be different from yours. Singaporeans should stop always complaining about influx of workers. Singaporeans must know that we have a low birthrate. Singapore’s economy is not sustainable by a ageing population unless Singapore’s birthrate goes up! Since Singapore herself cannot ensure a healthy supply of workers, Singaporeans should stop complaining about influx of workers to keep our economy going!”
As you can tell, it’s a great place for people of all ages (it also has a 36-hole golf course)! It’s a nice place for families! You can go and enjoy the park during the day and then not have to drive home. My ONLY and very tiny complaint about the whole place is the long walks. Here is a picture of the hallway that our room was on. I took this at the end of the hall to demonstrate that I’m not just being your average lazy person. Hehe! However, I definitely think if that’s the only thing I could find wrong with the place, then it is really awesome! The long halls wouldn’t stop me from visiting again (actually, I would love to go back and experience the outdoor waterpark). I just want my readers to feel like they’ve actually been there and seen the whole place. Wilderness at the Smokies provides a fun experience for the whole family and even has a friendly staff! The check-in and check-out were quick, easy, and painless! I would definitely go back there!
… But nowhere to live.
Taylor Swift – “Safe & Sound”
From breakfast to light lunch and beyond, these simple, tasty dishes are among those favourites prepared and served everyday by Natalie and her family in their food store and at home. The recipes offer a fresh look at how to eat well every day, in the signature Dulcie May Kitchen style.
TE: R. Gronkowski 33 points (160 yds, 2 rec TD, +5 100+ yds)
I believe I am forgiven.
"Pevan!" Notia didn't need to shout, but her voice rang back from the roof of the Hall, harshly reminiscent of a pick breaking stone. When Pevan didn't stop, the other woman scuttled up alongside, fell into an uneven, sideways walk to keep pace. "Who gave you authority to go into action without me?"
If you are thinking on challenges for scholars the answer is not so simple. The problem is multifaceted (just like a number of Slavic gods). First, there is an obvious bias in academic community. Scholars of social sciences in most cases regard Slavic religion as anachronism, a surpassed relic, a primitive and barbaric set of customs and superstitions rather than religion and culture in full sense of the term. The trouble is of course lack of Slavic pagans in academic community that would represent fairly and without bias the legacy of our ancestors. The scholars that are adherents of Christianity, in most cases follow the views of religious authorities with outright hostility towards Slavic religion (infamous statement of patriarch of Russian Orthodox Church given in September 2010 to the Russian state TV channel “Россия” on Slavs before Christianization is illustrative example), while atheistic scholars in most cases deny even the very existence of Slavic mythology (statement of certain professor from Department of Ethnology and Anthropology of Belgrade University in which he, not only claims that Slavic mythology doesn’t exist, but also denounces the scholars that research it as “freaks” and “tellers of stories for children”) or regard it as backward, something that has no place in modern society. Those scholars that present their findings (based on archaeological, ethnological and other evidence) regarding Slavic religion face hostility among their peers (e.g. the recent case of Professor Đorđe Janković, renowned archaeologist, who has been prevented from further teaching on the University, after publishing his findings that are clear and indisputable proof that Slavic people on Balkan peninsula continued to burn their dead long after the official history claims they were converted to Christianity).
just when you think you've caught her
“Heaven help us if the li-berry caught on fire, and the volunteer hose brigademen had to whisper the news to Maaaaaaaaaaaarian…”
Entree:
Wegener’s approach, through Samplify, is to compress the data so you don’t need to move as many bits between the processors and memory. Hence the Samplify slogan: “…simply the bits that matter.” Wegener’s argument is pretty simple. Assume, for example, you could compress the data stream by 2x, removing half of the bits from the memory stream. That’s the same thing as doubling the existing memory bandwidth, which is like doubling the DDR data rate once again or doubling the width of the memory interface. What’s it cost to do that? About 100K gates says Wegener. At current lithographies, that fits under a bond pad, he adds.
" Do these guys not have a home?"
A quick reminder: OC Fashion Week is next week! Be sure to purchase your tickets today for the OC Fashion Showcase! Click the pic to go there now!
It’s meant to be fun, so I hope you do a couple whenever you feel like practicing!
It was just the two of them, and a very stormy ocean raging behind, that accompanied the day they decided to get married. Away from prying eyes, and in a ceremony on the beach to seal their love in a private moment, Alison and Owen eloped, and then headed on the rocky moody shores for some photos.
If you require any further information please contact: Northgate Payroll Helpdesk 0870 0668695
“Gopher?”
Now that Drake’s Take Care has been out for a couple weeks and we’ve all had some time to consider our emoooootions. It’s time to get back to real fix-the-economy business and rank the field of Drake Memes because, I don't know, because I just spent six million dollars on myself and I feel amazing?
Bleary-eyed, Sharia tried to focus as the first blade came careening back from where it lay out in the darkness beyond, shattering another column in its path to Zagnazerak’s open hand. Skeletal fingers closed about the hilt, and the glow of the blade intensified, sword and eyes pulsating in rhythm. Sharia reached for the blade that lay atop her. She found the rudimentary hilt of obsidian, which bit into her fingers when they closed about it, drawing blood as she gripped the sword with all her strength. Though she couldn’t focus her eyes or her thoughts, she somehow managed to drag herself to her feet.
Each book will now cost just £6.00, plus £6.00 in total for delivery.
Time to sit back and stroke your golden goose, France has a benefits program that will make your toes curl. The healthcare options are outstanding. Being American, I appreciate this even more. It’s a great comfort to know that the financial burden of being ill has been lifted. Having kids also brings another bundle of joy -- tax reductions and government checks!
If you're wondering why the unicorn has been silent all week, that's because I have a new book out. (In case you haven't heard me shouting about it online all last month, it's over there on the right.) That means I need to tell people. And the best people to tell are those readers who might enjoy it, so I've been visiting Welsh schools to meet some of them.
No one else has got your eyes, can see the things you see
If you are addicated to Pinterest - and frankly, how could you not be! - join me every Monday for our Pinterest Party to show off your favourite pins.
Last week I went with a couple of actors to talk to youth in a drama club at IRCOM (Immigrant and Refugee Community Organization of Manitoba). They are coming to see the show next week and we wanted to introduce them to the play first. They had such great questions about theatre, both the profession and the behind the scenes magic. They were shocked to hear how long I’d been working on the play. To date they said the theatre they had seen was boring. We certainly don’t think they will be bored by EDEN, so I challenged them to let me know afterwards what they think. One young man replied that it would be horrible if it was boring after all the years of work I put in. Others jumped in by echoing something I had said earlier, as artists we learn from all experiences and the only way to develop our craft is to take risks and learn from them. In fact, I just read an interesting article by Nicholas Kazan (Elia Kazan’s son). Apparently Arthur Miller was told to make many changes to Death of a Salesman because it was unproducable with the flashbacks. He decided to go ahead as written and if it failed at least it would fail as he intended it rather than making changes and never knowing if his initial impulses were right. Such is the leap of faith we make as playwrights!
Do it, because a girl who reads understands syntax. Literature has taught her that moments of tenderness come in sporadic but knowable intervals. A girl who reads knows that life is not planar; she knows, and rightly demands, that the ebb comes along with the flow of disappointment. A girl who has read up on her syntax senses the irregular pauses—the hesitation of breath—endemic to a lie. A girl who reads perceives the difference between a parenthetical moment of anger and the entrenched habits of someone whose bitter cynicism will run on, run on well past any point of reason, or purpose, run on far after she has packed a suitcase and said a reluctant goodbye and she has decided that I am an ellipsis and not a period and run on and run on. Syntax that knows the rhythm and cadence of a life well lived.
Are palace communicators (e.g. Edwin Lacierda) biased towards ABS-CBN?
The end of the academic year looms large at the moment, and I’ve been taking some time to produce the practical coursework that will be required of me on Thursday. What you see in the picture is a full over full wax pattern, which will be used to make two plaster moulds. Those moulds will be filled with high-impact acrylic to make two dentures ready for trimming and final finishing, and I’ll be doing that tomorrow.
Week 6
-Its not easy to smash them in to small and even pieces.
DEAR BENEFICIARY :
When the SWAT team is called to an emergency they bring an arsenal of tools with them, and one of the most effective is explosives to breach, or help open doors quickly.
My older sister, when she say my pre-debut pictures she said “Hey, your pre-debut photos are all on the internet! I didn’t even know”. Even though she doesn’t really talk about stars, she still seems to be really proud of me.
“Everything else — you make it yourself. These are both meditative training, and self-control in regard to emotional states. Our emotions — are the states of ourselves (as consciousnesses). Emotions — they are just the states of consciousness, rather than facial expressions or electrical processes in the brain, those are only external reflections or after-effects of emotions!
It's been another tough week for The Ranter in more ways than one. However, at work today there was a wee pleasant surprise.
On to business.......
SJM? Well, they upped their target price to HK$20.7, a 3.5% move and moving it to 9% above where I consider it easily tradable, although it makes me wonder if I do have to add a rung to my 15-17-19 strategy. 8.5 EV/EBITDA though, 6% dividend yield and previously discussed extremely poor win ratios which is entirely luck based. Also, the P/S here is amazing compared to anything else in Macau, and a string of better luck plus some more mass-market gaming that helps the satellite casinos looks like a bargain.
In addition, the fourth quarter earnings conference call will be broadcast live via the Internet.
The recessions hit, and Julian’s business was the first of many businesses to flounder quickly into that American cesspool I referred to as Bankruptcy. Now our combined income was just shy of a little more than a grand a month-thanks to unemployment. Our home still remains in our possession but facing Foreclosure any minute. All services have been cancelled. Both Hummers and the Caravan had been repossessed-we now commute around in a 1998 silver Toyota corolla sedan. All credit cards-except for one-have been maxed out and charged off. Both checking accounts are ridiculously overdrawn, and what is a vacation anyway?
A GREAT passion of mine has always been the martial arts and traditions of Europe, from Greek ‘all in fighting’ (called Pankration), to the sword fighting of the Renaissance and the Age of Enlightenment. In fact, thinking back to my childhood, like most kids I had a phase of sword fighting with my brother and friends that started early. But, unlike most kids, I never really stopped; I’ve just got more sophisticated. Once I would swing wildly with a plastic lightsaber, now I practice and research the arts of sabre, rapier and medieval warsword. So when considering what to write for a blog dedicated to 18th century living, it didn’t take any time or reflection to realise that for me it had to be about the martial traditions of that period.
For added taste, squeeze the juice of one medium or two small limes. Adjust the sugar accordingly.
And northward near the tar sands, beneath the permafrost
However I've decided that, as gorgeous as they are - they just don't go with my dress and really wanted something with a bit of gold in. I actually couldn't find anything I wanted but kept going back to the beautiful designs at Mignonne Handmade. I decided to email to see if they could make me a few bespoke hair clips and they can!!! I promptly placed an order and I'm waiting for them to arrive. they are to have pearl and gold centres to tie in with my necklace...
motherhood. i always do. but more-so as mother's day approaches.
A poem is more like a plankton than like a vigilante. Whoever thinks of plankton as particularly active? But did you know that within the plankton are the seeds of the clouds?
and pretend i’m at a café somewhere
4. The material can be reviewed as much as needed.
Hubby(clearly obsessed and running to the computer to search): I CANNOT believe I dropped that plate! Damn you ebay…..I can’t find that exact model.
This new novel will shortly be made into proofs, and face the copy-editor's pen, and although I am immensely relieved I shall also miss the story - having been immersed for two long years. So, to make up for any sense of loss and to show some of the art that inspired my work I'd like to make a 'picture post'...
all in all not a bad day, just a nondescript type of day with nothing much to share.
These chairs have been with us for almost 6-years. They're comfortable, but huge. The scale has never been good for this room, and while I've known that since we moved them here - there wasn't much I could do to change it without spending money I'd rather spend on something else. Not only do they not work in any other area of my room than where they are right now ... they certainly don't work for the Sally Wheat inspired space.
Now onto the actual colours. Before they were released there was some speculation based on the photoshopped pictures that they were repackaged like her eyedusts (people thought of Stargazer which does have several good dupes for the colours) but this is absolutely not true. The lipsticks may possibly be private label but are not just repackaged. The Candyfuture range features several unusual colours as well as some bog standard pinks and a red. Claire managed to get 3 of the 4 colours that i would actually have been interested in trying (the other being No She Didn't) Airbourne Unicorn, D'lilac and Cosmopop.
I’m starting off the New Year like I ended 2011, by working. After a great weekend with the Hubby, family and friends in Del Mar, Ca, I am back in my office working on new artwork. January 10 will be the anniversary of my decision to delve into the world of art licensing. It’s been a fun and educational year for me, culminating with my agent, Jan, from Painted Planet Licensing taking my portfolio to the Atlanta art licensing show for the first time.
Instead, he called. And I emailed. He drove out to see me. I agreed to run sound for the musical he was stage managing. We went to concerts. We watched movies. We held hands. We kissed in the driveway of his ex-girlfriend's house. And at the beach. And in the lake. And at concerts. And at the movies.
Back to the van... I removed everything, and I mean everything from the van... I even found my favorite lip balm that had gone MIA a while back. How's that for finding the silver lining?
Please note that there will be spoilers. If you want to follow all the discussions please visit this page. Let the fun begin!
Some reputable legal scholars, like Akhil Reed Amar of Yale Law School, have made similar historical arguments. But in Skousen's view, the implications of this history are radical: Skousen would encourage the states today to require "universally accepted" religious teachings in public schools, as long as they don't favor one denomination over another. ...
are being assailed furiously as enemies of women. The facts of the
2) We are most likely pawns in a sick little experiment. A group of men in white coats are watching me on screen from their lab to find out how much provocation it will take to achieve total meltdown status.
With Earth Day 2012 upon us, it is once again time to draw attention to the environment. Although this should be a given in today’s day and age. This blog post is my second Punk Rock Wisdom post here, and will identify three punk rock songs that have brought attention to climate change (and one bonus video at the end)
Petra sides with Baird, the geeks and other High School brainiacs. The Gems, an exclusive girl group and the High School President lead the rest of the survivors.
Please feel free to contact her for any guidance. Discover good health.you can leave comments which I will forward to her but direct communication is better. Do pass the blog link to all friends if you believe in Energy Healing and get benefited.
Surgeon Cut Off Testicle 'By Mistake' At Bury Hospital
So hopefully that tooth will pop up soon.
I am careful when I walk my dog that she does not interfere with others enjoying the facilities.
Jean Dujardin plays George Valentin, one of the world’s biggest movie stars in the late 1920s. Our introduction to him is in a spy film (not unlike OSS 117) being interrogated and screaming “I WON’T TALK!” Oh yeah, there’s a lot of that kind of humor. The Artist is not especially subtle. Anyway George meets cute with an aspiring actress named Peppy Miller (Bérénice Bejo), who slowly starts to make it in the film business. Then the inevitable happens. 1929 comes and the studios make the shift to talkies. George refuses to make the leap. Even the studio head (John Goodman) agrees that George is a “silent film star.” To George, this means making more silent films. To the studio, it means finding new stars. Stars like Peppy. With his trusty dog Jack (Uggie the dog) and his valet Clifton (James Cromwell), George sets out on his own. It’s pretty clear from his first scene with his wife (Penelope Ann Miller) that the marriage will not last until the end of the film (especially not with a young ingénue waiting in the wings). Over the course of the movie George sinks lower and lower, not unlike in a Frank Capra film. Capra’s heroes (think It’s a Wonderful Life) tend to find themselves falling lower and lower and lower until they finally get a happy ending. For George to get his happy ending, he needs to sink pretty low.
that irresponsibility is evaluated by the same person as innocence & therefore naivity
flower frog & bowl set I found for just 99 cents!
In late February 2012, African Sports Monthly, the only Digital Sports Magazine for Africa, will be offering its first Print Edition for the March 2012 Issue Subtitled ‘Nations Cup Special Edition’.
Artein is a recent release by Glenmorangie. Per the ad copy, "Scots Gaelic for stone ‘Artein’ is an intriguing assemblage of 15 and 21 Years Old Glenmorangie, extra matured in ‘Super Tuscan’ wine casks." Those wine casks are said to be Sassicaia, a Bordeaux style Tuscan wine.
Yesterday, on November 8th, our lovely Miss Chatterbox turned 7 years old. Since her birthday fell on a weekday, she will be celebrating it with her close friends this coming Sunday. It was so cute that she chose fifteen of her closest friends--all girls (Thank YOU, Jesus for that! lol).
Time: 18:30 to 19:00
What I Plan to Read This Week:
Today, I am sitting in this computer, crying hysterically
Bask bask in the monolithic glory of Adam as the original man with the power-tool and be moved by the way Epstein captures nature and monumental force out of a hulk of alabaster. It's an encounter with our own essence, not a moment for "shame" or an act of withdrawal. I asked my friend, a nearly fifty year old artist if he felt "embarrassed" by the sculpture and he confirmed he didn't. Its power draws you in, there's something vastly majestic, earthly embracing and sexual about it, something you want to move towards, anti-repulsive. Unlike Damien Hirst's fly-traps of rotten barbecue and whatever else.
Through a mildly convoluted series of events, she’s forced to leave L.A. and go to New York to bail him out of jail for prostitution. Not only does she not tell him upfront that she’s his father, but she also fails to tell him that she’s a transsexual. It’s a credit to Huffman’s performance that it doesn’t occur to Toby that something’s a little “off” about her and the viewer doesn’t question it either. (Of course, maybe that’s the genius of casting a woman in the role in the first place.) It's also noteworthy that Toby is presented as the far more troubled of the two - in the "fucked up" department, Bree's pretty normal next to her son.
The dumb asses go for walk up the road until they get to a road that is lined with white crosses (upside down apparently) and still keep going when they find bags of human bones hanging from trees. They come to shack which has some ugly local leering at the women. They impatiently asks for his help or a phone and he rudely tells them no. They try asking nicely and offering money but he still refuses to help. Eventually after wasting even more of our time he chases them away with a shotgun. Now they are wandering through lost through the woods and they start bickering and one woman treks off in huff. This a waste of more time since next scene she back with them again.
Without a reason?
This is a case of making two 'A' shaped parts, one for each side of the kitchen.
What about alien abductions and cattle mutilations? After Dawn Lucifer rebelled against Yahweh’s Throne of Authority, others followed. A group of angels from the Celestial Order abandoned their posts in heaven and materialized on earth so that they can mate with humans. Their offspring were the Nephilim. During the Global Flood, these fallen angels did not perish because they simply shed their human vessels and returned to the spirit realm and became spirits again. Upon their return, Yahweh took away some of their powers, including the ability to materialize. Satan knows science is the key to unlocking his chains. Anything mankind envisions and then becomes reality, that is Satan’s inspiration. Guess what is on his agenda? Newer and stronger hybrids - from bringing back the Nephilim to human-animal hybrids. Put two and two together, can you see why they are interested in reproductive science? The Devil and his human confederates are getting their arsenals ready – the elite human army with advanced weaponary and genetic manipulation will gather to make war with the LORD’s Army. Points #6: Genetic manipulation is used by Satan to create super soldiers for Armageddon.
There’s a lot of feelings that remain since you’ve been gone. I guess you thought that I wanna put it all behind me. But it seems there’s always something right there to remind me. (2)
Bonfire Rauchbier
I’ll never forget that day, or everything he did for us, for as long as I live. That kind, generous old man completely restored my faith in mankind and gave me a reason to keep meeting life’s challenges with my head held high.
Books!! I love craft books, just flicking through them is so relaxing. I can't wait to try making a bag, my finishing has always left a lot to be desired so I'm hoping now that I have access to the proper techniques I can make a bag that looks lovely! I also received some stitch markers from my mum, but I forgot to take a photo. I'm sure you'll see them on a WiP at some point :) I also received lots of other bits and bobs too like chocolate, a very pretty dress, a lovely cardigan, some strawberry and cream tea, a couple of fiction books ( the Thursday Next series if you're interested. I highly recommend it!) and many more lovely little things :)
Little Bird, Night Owl is my new project. I start new projects once in a while to keep me creative and to explore new ways to express myself and help others. Welcome!
"To play a part in keeping this Club in the Premier League is all I ever dreamed of - but getting these awards is the icing on the cake.
___________________________________________________________________________
There is a parent maintenance act but how many are aware of it or avail its benefits. The fact that we should need a maintenance act for our own parents is such a shame but it does help those who are neglected and abused.
Too close to the scene? I honestly don’t think that’s possible, but it doesn’t matter anyway because they don’t write about the scenes that they are in as musicians. Dóri writes about computer games and Bjössi is writing about the past. As for me, I’ve always been a musician and a journalist, and I’ve done OK so far. Maybe it will put some people off my music, but that’s not important to me anymore. If people are unable to divide my art from my day job, then that’s really their business, not mine. It’s not going to stop me making music. If the music paid for my meals, I wouldn’t have to do this job, but unfortunately that’s just not the case. And besides, I’m not really a part of the music scene that I want to focus on here. I want to focus on the new generation and what they are doing. Not old indie-farts who have been around for ages, like myself. I get enough exposure elsewhere; this paper will always be a bit more open to upcoming artists, rather than the established ones. If we don’t think the artist is doing exciting stuff, he will be ignored rather than slaughtered.
And of course Diana..If it wasn't for her and her great invention & the love for Magnolia stamps..we wouldn't be here either. Diana has the ScorPal site and the Magnolia-licious store and blog. You can find links to each on the side bar.
We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.--That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed, --That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness. Prudence, indeed, will dictate that Governments long established should not be changed for light and transient causes; and accordingly all experience hath shewn, that mankind are more disposed to suffer, while evils are sufferable, than to right themselves by abolishing the forms to which they are accustomed. But when a long train of abuses and usurpations, pursuing invariably the same Object evinces a design to reduce them under absolute Despotism, it is their right, it is their duty, to throw off such Government, and to provide new Guards for their future security.--Such has been the patient sufferance of these Colonies; and such is now the necessity which constrains them to alter their former Systems of Government. The history of the present King of Great Britain is a history of repeated injuries and usurpations, all having in direct object the establishment of an absolute Tyranny over these States. To prove this, let Facts be submitted to a candid world.
Oh wait... That's right. In a very round about way, this has actually happened. Dura Den is effectively closed and look at the hassle and frustration it's causing everyone. Fuck you NIMBYs and fuck you Fife council. We all pay council tax, we all pay road tax and we all pay through the roof for fuel. The least you could do is bother your lazy arses to keep the roads open.
If you do much outdoor photography, I’d recommend getting some polarizing filters early on, especially before you’re really comfortable doing post-processing on your images. They can give your image a punch and give you some control that you might otherwise be lacking under a lot of shooting conditions. You can tame glare and reflections, saturate your colors better and more evenly across the whole scene, and tamp down the risk of losing shots because they end up way too washed out or ruined by haze. I can’t wait to get out with mine and experiment some more. Just remember to take them off before you try and do any indoor/nighttime/dim light shots!
Overall = 3.6
Right now I’m going through a time of pearl gray days scattered with storm-cloud gray moments. Though I’ve done the work of grief in my own way, I have had one great benefit that many people don’t have — that grief support group. Because of their support, because I know someone is paying to attention, I have felt free to embrace my grief fully without worrying that I’m crazy or that I need therapy. Because of them, I know I am coping well, I know my grief is normal, I know I am completely sane. I just haven’t finished with my grieving yet, and it’s possible that I may never be completely finished. And that too is normal.
Now I don't want for a second to compare me saving few bucks on a posh chicken (could I sound anymore wanky middle class? Um, no not really........) with people who are really struggling with putting any meal on the table , especially at this time of year. I was thinking about this on my spin through the aisles , as the Remuera Rotary club had joined forces with the Auckland City Mission to get more food for the foodbank by handing out flyer's as you went into the supermarket. You were encouraged to buy an extra item or two with your shop (they provided examples such as cereal, coffee, tinned food etc), to deposit in their trolley by the doors as your left after checkout.
The problem with this idea, is that it was just an idea. I didn’t have a real coherent concept behind it, so while I could come up with a couple of cute quips, I was basically doing what I was criticizing. There wasn’t any real insight to what I was writing, so I was just super rambling and unfocused. It never really came together
Sorry, not much on narration today... but if you have any questions, feel free to email me or comment and I'll try to get back to you soon! Oh... and a lot of people ask me what Copic color combinations I use, so I added a tab at the top of my blog HERE. It isn't a complete list, but it's started at least :)
After 20 minutes of careful scrutiny of my fallen arches & gimpy gait, Ryan touched Princess. Let me note that Princess is very sore and does NOT like to be touched. I had cautioned both the podiatrist and the orthopedist during both their assessments that Princess needs to be handled very lightly & gently.
leaning stone known as “Satan’s Lamppost” and local residents never venture near the granite oddity when this spectral illumination is sighted. Many discount the lights as the product of swamp gas, moonlight on low clouds, and even large congregations of fireflies, but those disbelievers suggest these explanations a comfortable distance away from the ancient stone.
To sustain a loss without sinking under it: How Aimee remembers Jaguar
This is pretty much my day in chronological order. Insert a bunch more crazy stuff and performances in between some pictures though.
Toback: Doesn't matter. You did what you had to do. Greatest city in the world, and it's turned into an open sewer. Everybody's stealin', dealin'. Look at you, you can't work because you did your job. Good news is you're not the only honest cop in town. The special narcotics bureau in Washington is not a dog and pony show. They are sincere. I know this because they want us to orchestrate it and I want you to head up things here on our end.
Dr Mercola is sharing a marvelous interview with Dr. James Oschman on EARTHING. Actually this is one of David Wolfe’s favorite topics, so I am very familiar with the subject and been wishing that I could avail some of these tools. But you know, the way this doctor is explaining it, we don’t have to go buy something, if we would just take this advice and do a few simple things – no money at all.
I glance backwards once before disappearing into Metro City’s maze of streets and skyscrapers. He shrugs, apparently unconcerned with my sudden departure, and heads for the fire escape he used to climb up there in the first place. Even though nobody else is around, he’s talking. Then I realize that he probably knows the exact range of my hearing. He’s not talking to himself – he’s still talking to me.
17. Bunnies (Auntie Cheryl has two of them)
She suggested they include some photo memories of Scott as well as the
Is everyone keeping busy this summer? Sheesh! Ever since Mr. Yarnworks returned from Afghanistan in May, it's just been crazy around here! Between Shepherd's Harvest, spending mad quality time with Mr. Yarnworks and the kids, toting the kids to and fro to basketball camps, dance camps, and outdoor camps, and getting Mr. Yarnworks' ACL and meniscus repaired (finally -- he injured it a year ago!).....well, let's just say that I took most of the summer off from most everything except my family. And I enjoyed every second!
The sesame seeds in the cake (it’s called a cake but shaped like a muffin) give it a nice smoky flavor and textured mouthfuls. And yet there’s sweetness from agave. And while some vegan baked goods suffer from funky consistencies — they’re either so moist, they’re wet (eww), or so crumbly that they fall apart before reaching your mouth — this one gets it right. It holds together just as if loads of butter were binding the ingredients.
The day after, I was meant to be driving up north for a short break in the flow country (I still haven't got round to actually going on that holiday) but as the weather predicted, it poured with snow all that afternoon so unfortunately, the trip had to be cancelled. The A9 would have been even less fun if we battled through the snow. Still, the Idlewild b-sides gig was a nice 21st present, even if it was one I bought myself. Who has a sad violin handy?
To banish your defenders; till at length
She didn't fly backwards and land in crushed boxes
Her face scrunched up. "Still the one with the pee baby?" I'd read a passage to her during last week's coffee date -- a most stunning description of a baby covered in her own urine: "a little white sardine still fragrant with briny pee."
Gravel roads aren’t that bad if you are the first one in line driving down one, unfortunately everyone left the reservation about the same time so the road on the way back was like clouds of white fog, dust permeating everything – heaven help the lungs of the poor guy we saw in a convertible.
“Well, I think you saw it in Avengers. I think that’s one of the many amazing things Joss Whedon can do. I think people are going to be surprised by how powerful Scarlett is in this movie, and how evolved her role is. We have already planned her next appearances and where to take that character because we believe in it and we believe in her in a big, big way. When will there be a standalone? Both is what we’re heading toward. A lot of it is that we’re only going to make two movies a year, maybe sometimes it’ll be one movie a year like this year, maybe someday it’ll be three movies a year just depending on what comes together. But really, it’s two movies. So there’s kind of a backup on the runway right now in terms of when can something go. We do like when some of the characters appear in other people’s movies…that’s probably where you’ll see Black Widow next. But my favorite scene in Avengers is when Loki and Widow are having their scene together and Loki’s in a cell, and he’s trying to rile her up by mentioning things like “the hospital fire.” Who knows what those things are? We haven’t seen any of those things in other movies! What were those things, what do they mean? I love that. I’d love to explore that deeper.”
Here is a view of the Nile at sunset from the hostel we stayed at:
★ Highlight text
Pictures Step by Step
"The brewing community has been really supportive," adds Greg. "Craft breweries have enjoyed a lot of success lately, and have been great about giving back to the community." Santa Rosa's BBQ Spot will be serving food while The Nate Lopez Trio will provide the music.
Now the needle goes back into the fabric on the middle guideline. It is going to go into the fabric between the two threads making up the slanted stitch. It will go in on the middle guide line slanting to the right. The needle will emerge on the right guide line:
The point?!
Then it sells the information to the highest bidder. And sometimes to any bidder at all...
People marched and were hit in the face with rocks to get an Education, and now we've got these knuckleheads walking around.
It is not God doing this in these preachers but Satan and their own flesh; added to their love for the world, and the things that are in the world.
What I think is useful about this dichotomy is that I think we can use it to evaluate our way of being in the world. Is this action or that, this choice or that, this lifestyle or that, promoting health, growth, and strengthening or is it promoting disease, decay, and weakening? What I like about the growth/decay metaphor is that growth is not easy, it takes work and energy and it often involves pain. Decay, on the other hand, is very easy, simply stop working. Decay is slow and persistent, and it requires nothing from you except a lack of attention. Decay is a word that connotes a kind of numbness on our way out of being. According to Hindu scripture the end of the world comes ‘not with a bang but a whimper’ when Krishna withdraws his hot-blooded force from the universe. To put it another way, in the words of Stephen King, “Get busy living, or get busy dying.”
Wow! Talk about a crazy two weeks. I am just now starting to recover and will probably catch up on my sleep sometime around Christmas. :) In the mean time I am going to try and recap our wonderful trip home.
Our first stop was the
Aside from the lack of kale (cue my tears), I have become obsessed with the amazing variety of root vegetables.
For Comic Con.
Hold out. He is faithful. Don't settle for anything less than the peace that comes when you're with the right one. It isn't easy to watch friend after friend walk down the aisle, and I get that. But be patient. It is well worth the wait.﻿
Classic films came thick and fast; Hell is For Heroes, The Great Escape (also for John Sturges), The Sand Pebbles (for which he was nominated for an Oscar), The Thomas Crown Affair, Bullitt, Le Mans and Papillon being just a few.
Don’t get caught off guard! Make sure you keep your eye out for these events so you know what’s happening at the Magic Kingdom on the day of your visit.
Mind you, there's an obvious paradox here. As so many have already remarked, why offer Ring time on your own news programme if you don't think he should be given more free publicity? It's a fair point, and I suppose it might even be held to justify Campbell's abject on-air apology to Ring the day after their argument / interview.
All of this is unimaginably fabulous.
ignited, flamed by fiery passion
Also, it has come to light that for several years Tom White ignored repeated godly warnings that VOM was becoming increasingly and dangerously ecumenical.
Look, transit is good, right? The easier and cheaper it is to get to Boston or DC by bus or train, the less likely people are to rent or own cars. And buses are good; what I've been complaining about recently isn't buses, but people telling me that we should only have buses and not trains.
VALVETRONIC, Double-Vanos and High Precision Direct Injection. The combination of a high power output and a simultaneous reduction in emissions is achieved by VALVETRONIC variable valve timing and Double-Vanos variable camshaft timing. The latest generation of the VALVETRONIC system features a faster-acting, optimized stepper motor with integrated sensor. Seamlessly variable control of intake valve lift dispenses with the need for a throttle butterfly. Instead, the air mass is controlled inside the engine, resulting in faster response. At the same time, pumping losses have been reduced to a minimum.
I see angels on Ariels in leather and chrome,
My thoughts postpone,
Those of you who have read Bancroft know that anger is not the abuser’s real issue, and therefore anger management strategies are like water off a duck’s back. In fact, they can even give an abuser another excuse — his anger, and whatever it is that supposedly made him an angry man.
But he let him write no further;
Oh. You look more like a 'Patty' to me. Well then why is it called The Little Book of Anxiety? It looks fairly well sized.
Let us consider some numbers. If a single passenger aircraft carries 250 people, then 4,000 flights can remove 1,000,000 people, approximately the Muslim population of the Netherlands. At ten flights a day, this process would take a little over a year, so the gross physical plausibility of the scheme is easy to establish. Furthermore, the legal issues involved in such a mass deportation are irrelevant, as any country embarking on a scheme of this nature would already be far beyond caring about such niceties, or about what derogatory comments might be made about it at the UN.
You have to learn to manage your stress to get to bed too! If you are stressed you release stress hormones that put you in fight or flight response. You won’t be able to fall asleep because your body is preparing for fight or flight! Sleep is the last thing on your body’s agenda! Make sense? Corticotropin-Releasing Hormone impairs your sleep. When the balance of GH and CRH are off it is associated with aging and depression. When you are stressed you have less immune function. You have less ability to cope, and you have less ability to kill off changing cells. Everyone has cancer cells, with healthy immune function your miracle body is able to keep up and kill off the mutant cells but as your immune function lowers it’s harder to ward off and cells can multiply to rapidly for your immune system to keep up with. NOTHING IS MORE IMPORTANT THAN THAT YOU MANAGE YOUR STRESS. NOTHING ROBS YOU OF YOUR VITAL ENERGY FASTER THAN STRESS!!! STRESS STEALS THE VITAL ENERGY YOU NEED FOR YOUR BODIES REPAIRING AND INNATE HEALING RESPONSE TO WORK OPTIMALLY!!!
- Sewing needle
1 out of 5 (I considered 0)
lot of them partials upgraded to fulls. Even had one agent tell me my opening chapter was one of the best she'd ever received. (I don't say this in a cocky way at all, I'm only trying to convey how hard it is to have your hopes so high only to fall and have them dashed) So each time I thought, "This will be
the mail and drugs and gays
see ya
I find this intensely frustrating, because it means that each time I want to go swimming outside, I have to carefully weigh up the pros and cons in the style of a complex maths equation. Is it worth the discomfort, or should I play it safe? During our stunning holiday to Spain several months ago, I went with the former. The consequences were always worth it to go snorkelling in the clear water, with a whole micro-system of multicoloured seaweed and shoals of fish like iron filings beneath my nose. Magical.
The jury of the 5th International Fine Arts Prize, presided by Felipa Jove Santos, consists of renown figures from the art world, such as Rafael Doctor Roncero, historian and art critic; Antón Lamazares, artist; Iñaki Martínez Antelo, Director of the Museo de Arte Contemporáneo de Vigo (MARCO); and Vicente Blanco, winner of the previous iteration. Marta García-Fajardo, Director of the María José Jove Art Collection, rounds off the panel of judges.
A Texas oilman grew interested in Cayce. It looked good. Cayce would help the oilman find oil reserves and the oilman would help Cayce to build a hospital. However, Cayce’s readings on possible oil sites failed again and again. The oilman only wanted money. He was not really interested in building a hospital. The partnership dissolved. Cayce realized that his abilities could not be used for commercial interests.
Wild Rose Studio papers ~ Milton & Co - Milton (second card)
Sasha the talented toymaker, who captures an individual personality in all she makes, filled her stall with creatures large and small. To catch up with Sasha she'll be at Clutter City in Norwich on the 10th December.
I made my way to the doctor, who resembled Norman Rockwell’s interpretation of an elderly physician. I answered a few generic questions and then I was then asked to get naked so I could participate in the old turn-and-cough check. I normally don’t object to getting naked in front of strangers.
Hi Aneesh!
The recent emphasis on diverse characters such as lesbian superheroine Batwoman, Hispanic hero Blue Beetle and African-American adventurer Cyborg (who will be a core member of Johns and Lee's new Justice League) also will continue.
I’m really touched, thank you all for their support, I love you all.
I will be here (will you be here)
But they were startled and terrified and thought that they were seeing a ghost.
Ahoy!
Me: "Hell ain't soundin' half bad to me right about now."
After finding a suit that fell within my price range ($10 more than the Rock Bottom prison Release issue) a Double Breasted Slate Grey affair, measurements were made and it was sent to be altered. Mind you, my fashion statement is all about dressing down to the point of Sloth, but I do know what looks good. As they were shuttling my selection to the Tailor in back, I was told to take a look around for a tie.
I just so happened to see the freshly pressed post about Positano, on the Eat and relish blog, so I couldn’t help but snoop around for more-which led me to another great post about Rome, and a few more on Italian dishes and recipes! Make sure you check it out! Loads of fabulous photos as well, which, for me, really sells it when it comes to travel and food blogs! I know, I’m a sucker for pretty things! Definitely gonna keep an eye on this one.
KEEP THEM.
The Presentation
#2 doubles Tim Niehart and Eddie Adkins defeated D. Frantz and M. Hall (6-1) (6-2)
We then catch up with Richie arguing with his wife, Laurie (Carla Gugino) because she wants to move to Las Vegas, bringing their kid, Michael, along with her. He claims Vegas isn't a good environment to raise a kid and she argues that having the kid around him and his friends isn't any better. Their argument is interrupted by some teenagers breaking glass after Richie asked them to "be cool." He takes a break and threatens to shoot them if they don't settle down and pick up the glass they broke. Laurie points out that he doesn't have a gun afterwards and remarks affectionately. "You're crazy, Richie." and then tells him she'll see him in court. He tells his son he'll see him next week and Laurie takes off. Richie gets to his apartment and studies his law books. and takes a test later on at school.
_____I was looking to buy some new sneakers last night and the guy at the shoe store asked if he could interest me in some running shoes. I laughed until I threw up then left.
-We can parent them emotionally from the start
The world is a very different place now. Film, music, TV. Everything is available at the drop of a switch. Jammy. jammy, jammy bastards, the kids of today. Telly programmes were shown once or twice and then gone forever. There were no videos or DVD's. If you wanted to watch a film, you had to go to the cinema or wait five years until it was shown on TV.
AND autographed bookplate! with bookmarks for upcoming books
Yet I feel some warmth for that lonely old house
I used to ride my bike to City Island and go back and forth, up and down his street, hoping for a glimpse of him. I never got that glimpse while riding my bike but I did get to finally meet him when he gave a talk at my med school. Dr. Sacks is also the author of "Anthropologist on Mars" which features the story of Temple Grandin, a controversial figure in the world of animal rights activism.
MAUNA LOA, HAWAII – The scientific world was rocked yesterday by revelations that the theory of anthropogenic global warming, commonly known as ‘climate change’, was founded on an inaccurate measurement made by a work-experience student early in the 1980s.
For you see, it often seems there is a gaping hole where a confident Labour movement should be (and indeed, from a different angle, where a confident small ‘c’ conservative movement should be too). In surging forth with its robust analysis of the statism the Labour movement had come to embrace, drawing upon much Red Tory analysis and language in the process, Blue Labour has thus far failed to make a convincing and positive case for the state, at least in any serious and sustained manner – thereby neglecting what Anthony Painter has termed the trump card the left has to play against the apparently anti-state coalition.
I’m not Heroman. I’m just a dude.
Just for now.
Or so it seemed
Reveka’s father falls for one of the princesses and I didn’t really believe it. We’re not exactly guided to hate her father, but we aren’t given a whole lot of reasons to like him either. So when it’s revealed that he and one of the princesses have feelings for each other, I just didn’t care. Nor did it seem to really add a whole lot to the story overall.
32 Janne Haavisto & The Farangs - Dig My Shoes
And here below are the ATCs I made for the month of OCT 2011..... For the first ATC (India) held on THE Indian Craft Room....... :D
Concerned individuals and groups have alleged that Umno Baru has let loose its mobs and thugs all too frequently to disrupt, sometimes violently, legitimately organised meetings and forums by civil society groups and NGOs. The Apcet 11 forum at a hotel in KL was disrupted by an Umno Baru mob that threatened the participants and smashed tables and chairs to stop the proceedings. When the Suqiu organisation submitted its 17-point plan for the betterment of the country, an Umno Baru mob threatened them with “rivers of blood” outside the Chinese Assembly Hall, KL, if they did not withdraw their 17-point plan.
Love this idea of volunteers from local schools organising this evening:
While the "not so tropical" part was intentional, in the course of baking this recipe I had an unintended crumble fail. In the end, my dessert didn't bear a very close resemblance to the way I imagine this recipe was supposed to turn out.
Santorum says he would enforce US obscenity laws that Obama ignores
We all act according to our identity, or the perceived identity of ourselves, or by the identity by which we would like to be perceived. If the Gospel identifies Christians, then we act/speak according to it and about it. And true Christians are identified by the Gospel. Christians are the people of the Gospel. Christians believe it and proclaim it. Christians love it and are not ashamed of it.
It is a kind of balance that is his glory. He rides the drifts like an escaped ski. His course is the caress of the hill. His track is a drawing of the snow in a moment of its particular arrangement with wind and rock. Something in him so loves the world that he gives himself to the laws of gravity and chance.
GET INTO IT,
Hannah Wilke (2 gelatin silver, 1978)
I get back to the Bean home and start shivering - this is a bad sign.
On the same day for the last six years, I skipped class to sneak into the intern’s lecture. I had the procedure perfected now. When the morning’s cleaning staff finished their last sweep of the castle, I was already in the shadows outside the giant double doors. I counted to ten. Then I hurried inside and slipped down the hall to the left.
However, the 99% concept isn’t without its flaws.
In general, under U.S. copyright law, any person who creates or produces a work owns any and all copyrights to that work. The exception to this rule, is when the work is created as a ‘work for hire’. If working under contract with an employer (as an employee or paid contractor), and any work created or produced is deemed as ‘work for hire’, the creator (employee/contractor) forfeits any copyrights, and they are granted to the employer/client who commissioned the work. In such an arrangement, the contractor (freelancer) will be paid a flat fee upon completion of project and will hand over all finished works and related documents/etc to the client. The client may freely use, reproduce, market, share the project as often as they see fit, with no additional acknowledgements and/or commissions paid to the original author/designer/creator. Usually, the contractor is discouraged or disallowed from advertising the creation as their own as well.
You feel kind of crappy when you don’t write.
This is the NHS that I joined as a Junior Doctor 36 years ago.
After that my next party will probably be the biggest party of my life. The best bash I have ever thrown. No detail will be overlooked. No expense spared. This will be the Best. Party. Ever. Who is this grand bash for, you ask?
“We did not know that they (opposition leaders) were going to speak. I cannot control what they say,” she said amidst reports that opposition leaders had incited the crowd to breach the barriers at Dataran Merdeka during Bersih 3.0.
This means that this eclipse will have an effect on the United States in about six months time, which will be, of course, at around the time of the elections. For a detailed prediction concerning the US Presidential Elections 2012, see my post here:
CHAPTER II THE NEW PROPAGANDA
The colonel disappears behind a screen, but Lucy can just see his eyes watching through the slits between the panels. How she wishes this were all over and done. But now the house is silent, waiting. Someone is approaching along the verandah.
I went to the Etude House event at Mall Taman Anggrek last week. They were re-launching their boutique, it was crowded but all the girls looked excited. Too bad I forgot to bring my camera, I can’t show you how pretty the interior was. All I can say, everything is very girly, white and pink, with a beautiful shiny crystal chandelier hanging in the middle of the
my friends have 3 year olds and i am like a 3 year old.
Added some fruit to go with this cereal
I immediately went to the "Cocktails" tab and started looking through the recipes for alcoholic drinks. Dealing with customers every day has turned me into quite the alcohol connoisseur. They have a recipe called a Peanut Brittle Caramella that looks good but I didn't get that flavor of syrup in the package so I couldn't make it. Not until I buy the right syrup for it. Hmm...clever marketing tactic, Torani.
Bye bye C’ya!
If my day is dark.
Keep your eye on the ball. Everything depends on that.
677 D-VIII/27/1974. “On Greece Today” (with George Anagnostopoulos and Ernest Vardalas). Studs Terkel Program, WFMT-Radio, Chicago, Illinois.
David Levithan is the author of many acclaimed young-adult novels, including the New York Times bestselling Nick & Norah’s Infinite Playlist (with Rachel Cohn), which was adapted into a popular movie. He is also an editorial director at Scholastic. Follow him on Twitter @loversdiction. You can also find him online at http://www.davidlevithan.com/.
Pasta with Sausage and Kale
GRAND PRIZE
Foster Wheeler AG, Alternative Energy, Deal Details 11
We life in a time where there are guys telling their wives that they don’t want to have children because that would mean they would need to step up to provide for their families and stop acting like children themselves.
One act of nature had changed the face of this town.
So she set up mini outdoor portrait studios in eight public parks throughout Brooklyn and made portraits of hundreds of Brooklynites, for free, which are now included in the portrait collection, and which are on display in postcard-sized prints at BRIC’s gallery.
­Julius Malema has been linked to another failed construction project – a collapsed R2-million taxi rank in Limpopo.
In your dreams you saw a steady state, a bounty for eternity
I hope it comes back again soon.
When the pie is done, let it cool completely for at least 4 hours. I made this guy way ahead of time, let it cool for day, and then refrigerated it for a day before leaving it out the night before serving it.
Hell’s Angel
No point in hanging about admiring the plumbing and the rigging - off we go. We head southwards along the coast of Corfu - seeing our eventual destination, Paxos, in the the far distance. We then turn east and over the Ionian to mainland Greece where will moor overnight at Plataria.
Specific jurisdiction is now a very hot topic in copyright law, following the American Buddha case (more on American Buddha here or scroll down to the bottom of the blog and select "American Buddha"). The issue is whether New York or California long-arm statutes will permit an exercise of jurisdiction over out of state infringers, so it is an example of federal courts relying on state law for their jurisdiction. The test is "due process" and the citations are to cases that are the bane of first-year law students. In the American Buddha case, the Second Circuit certified the question to the New York Court of Appeals. We are seeing an expansion of effective remedies for New York and California copyright owners for serious infringers who are located out-of-state.
Needless to say the jeans didn't stay up for long and we had a bit of fun playing with it. Well Mitch did. I had fun dancing around from foot to foot.
I have four children.
· Keep up-to-date on design and product trends in order to contribute products ideas to include in the monthly kit and ideas of how to generate more sales.
Her mother Katy, a speech pathologist who is married to Michael, another speech pathologist, said that most people don't believe their infant is a reader.
Life formed from the light of her own song
Now her own protector
Three things I love doing: reading, writing, watching. I have a quite number movie and TV series collection. During the May 1 holiday, I’m able to watch the old movie, “Gone in 60 Seconds.” It starred Nicholas Cage supported by Angelina Jolie and some others.
Dark deep
As a child, I, like many of my peers were compelled to put a religion down on paper. At the start of every school year, they sent home a form that required the specifics: race, religion, denomination. There was no room for ambiguity; a binding pen on paper commitment was required. It was a matter of priority for annual timetables afterall.
Putting down the remote he walked out of the office and down to the bedroom. She was still laying on the floor panting. He leaned against the door frame and watched her. Turning her head towards him she smiled, "You never said the pillows were off limits."
Nikka is well known for its blends and pure malts (vatted malts), and one of the whiskies which appears to be headed for our shores is an expression of their well regarded Taketsuru pure malt.
Gregory: interesting perspective
I'm worried about our kids.
in a tomb or some mass grave
The hard part is getting people to read your blog. I have no idea how you go about doing that, but knowing my awesome readers, they'll write their tips, advice, and experiences in the comments of this post. Check them out. I honestly just got lucky. I placed an auction on Ebay accompanied with a little story and people read it and passed it along. People asked me if I had blog and I directed them here. Before that auction, I got around 5 hits to my blog everyday. I made a couple pennies on my ads every day. That's it.
I don’t know… I feel bad for talking like that about her, and it’s her business, and her body, not mine. What do you guys think? Do you push yourself to your limits when you exercise, or do you prefer to go a little easier (and if so then why)? I’d like to see the opinions of others, and see if I’m the weird one here haha.
Do you have alternative methods of communication?
projection of return on investment.
3. Shine On You Crazy Diamond (parts 1-9)
or by means of good or bad luck.
Sprinkle chopped coriander leaves on top and serve hot with steamed rice.
Last on the list but not the least, Portuguese debutant ‘Tuxedo’, features a trippy-tech tool aimed straight to blow up the mind. ‘Nightfly’ is a psychedelic strength-piece that takes us in a multicolor journey by surrounded landscapes. A futurist track aimed straight to peak-times and AM DJ Sets.
I miss you all
Hell...I need a chicken who will jump on a plane with me and have a carefree weekend in Vegas...we will call it "therapy"!
As I said, it's a simple recipe (and I used a single-infusion mash, too). The Scottish Ale yeast attenuates well, and brings out some malty notes with few estery issues.
I have a show coming up at the InSight Gallery. This painting will be a part of the show.
Just detach yourself from all negativity
The tire tracks in the snow reminded me of all the times I pretended to be a train when I was a child. When it snowed, I dressed in my fuzzy one piece snow suit and snow boots, and I would then run around through all of the car tracks making train noises. My train would stop and gather passengers, take a right at the fork in the tracks, and chug on back to my house when I was finally cold through and through. Well, today I did just that. I threw on my winter gear and walked through car tracks, my camera in hand to snap shot my silliness. And when my toes were sufficiently frozen - it didn't take long - I was back inside enjoying the fireplace and feeling perfectly satisfied with my walk down memory lane. Perhaps tonight, hubby and I will make a snowman for date night.
I had a fun and mostly carefree childhood. I always had the good fortune of having great friends no matter where we lived. My friend Darlene when I stayed with my grandparents, Cynthia & my beloved Scotty at our first house in SJC and then Michelle, Asha, John and many more off of Ortega Highway. And when I wasn't playing with friends and came to work with my Mom, SJC was a much safer place. I could walk to the library alone and spend hours reading. I could walk down to the candy store this little old lady ran and get some cheap treats. Go to the butcher shop for the worlds best beef jerky. I knew the owners of every business around the mission in San Juan and could spend hours looking over the cat merchandise, beads, or doll house miniatures.
Moving on to the next darker shade, I use R83 coloring each petal from the bottom to just below where I ended with the last color. Here I colored only the top full rose and rose bud so you could see the difference where the new color was added.
Let us present to you, THE COCKNEY REJECTS!
I knew I had reached that point one day when I turned to ask Doug to handle another last-minute assignment and could see the frustration in his eyes. He had not only been handling his own responsibilities well but also had been picking up the slack for other team members whose performance was lagging.
This is what I am planning this year but I may change my mind depending on what you share. I can't wait to see your gift ideas!
I miss you, Baby. More than I ever thought possible...
In honor of National Tourism Week, Visit Bloomington will be celebrating our local tourism industry with a reception and awards presentation on May 24th. The highlights of the reception are the award winners, tourism professionals in our community that have done an exceptional job. Please nominate someone you know in the tourism industry (and that includes hotels, restaurants, shops, & attractions) that deserves to be recognized. Click here for the nomination form and send to Julie@visitbloomington.com or fax to 334-2344 by May 4th.
The breakdown in the blogosphere is similar: from Ezra Klein to Matthew Yglesias to Mike Konczal and beyond, nearly all of the most prominent leftists are concerned with the technical details of public policy. Mainstream media pundits are no different: Paul Krugman occasionally ventures into justifying a left-wing vision for the future, but he is usually content to demonstrate the empirical debility of various conservative canards. E.J. Dionne’s communitarianism stands out as a lonely example of left-wing commentary with a vision.
Why I'm seeing ugly politicos looking at me?
- You have amnesia that you just got in trouble for calling people an “idiot” and act like you didn’t know your not supposed to.
“We saw a female looking extremely thin,” she said. “She’s a reproductive female who had a calf in 2010, and now she’s just not looking well. The animals aren’t looking as good as we might hope. Their condition and their nutritional fitness has declined.”
In section 1 of Republic Act No. 342, approved on July 26, 1948, it was categorically declared by the Congress that “since liberation conditions have gradually returned to normal, but not so with regard to those who have suffered the ravages of war and who have not received any relief for the loss and destruction resulting therefrom,” and that “the emergency created by the last war as regards these was sufferers being still existent, it is the declared policy of the state that as to them the debt moratorium should be continued in force in a modified form.” The President, in turn, in his speech delivered on July 4, 1949, plainly proclaimed that “what emergencies it (the Republic) faces today are incidental passing pains artificially created by seasonal partisanship, very common among democracies but will disappear with the rains that follow the thunderclaps not later than November 8 of this year.”
Another Nail In My Heart
And if we need to construct a concrete bridge, we can always hire a guy.
I send you this, dear Mum and Dad'
to remind us of our shared friendship and special times together.
Fresh plump blueberries are best.
The following points must be addressed and prioritized in order that people will go away with a positive feeling and will shout the praises of Brasov to the world;
I woke up yesterday in a pretty gloomy mood. Went to get my blood drawn and kept having these thoughts that I had just been there a week ago with such a radiant smile and glowing heart because we were actually pregnant! Now, I was going back to check how my beta was progressing down…Or apparently up
The Drudge Report yesterday (January) feature titled “Foreign company buys U.S. election results reporting firm.” The article documented that SCYTL, based in Barcelona, acquired 100 percent of SOE Software, the leading software provider of election management solutions in the United States.
So I became great and surpassed all who were before me in Jerusalem. Also my wisdom remained with me. And whatever my eyes desired I did not keep from them. I kept my heart from no pleasure, for my heart found pleasure in all my toil, and this was my reward for all my toil.
27And when the sun went down, they were taken down from the trees, by Joshua’s orders, and put into the hole where they had gone to be safe; and great stones were placed at the mouth of the hole, where they are to this day.
Robert Alvarez Senior Scholar, Institute for Policy Studies, Washington, D.C. (USA)
They fought through many days and nights.
I pulled those little teeny balls of yum out of their shell and stuck them through my now one finger tip width of a space.
This report details the costs to society as a whole in just one state. multiply this by 50% and it is not hard to see why we are broke. Our broken educational system is not just drain on us financially, it is becoming a national security issue. It was just 40 years ago that we had the highest rates of high school and college graduates in the world. We now rank at 21st. That is how far we have fallen is such a short time.
Mother's day is approaching this weekend! Since May is the month for mothers, it seemed like it might be fitting to have a Pals challenge devoted to our mothers.
London… every teacher of English dreams to visit it at least once in their lifetime! I had been dreaming about it for more than 25 years when, eventually, in December 2010, my dream came true!
But bad means bad, and it can only get better, right?
Gov. Charlie Crist personally signed off on his former Republican Party chairman's confidential fundraising role with the state party, according to Jim Greer's attorney, whose allegation contradicts the governor's statement that he "didn't know anything" about the deal now part of a criminal investigation.
So we have made it to Shanghai now. I have recovered nearly all the way, and we both slept very well last night. We met our guide, Stephanie, again this morning and she took us to some popular tourist sites here in Shanghai. Scott was so pleased because he was able to eat this dish that he had been wanting to try- it's like a dumpling with sweet pork inside. We both agreed it was fantastic!
The plan above seems elaborate, yet I will aim to break this down to simpler steps and the inclusion of what needs to be accomplished daily to maintain pace towards the bigger purpose. As I develop these plans a question, “What skill, if learned to the best of your ability, would change your life?” and an article published in the Harvard Business Review will guide my personal and professional development. Consider how a roadmap might aid you in reaching your potential and enhance life satisfaction.
4.Tag your entry EBWC. This is how we find your entry. Please test this tag by searching "handmade" and "EBWC" on Etsy. If your entry does not appear in this search within an hour after listing and tagging it, please contact a moderator for assistance. Please do not apply this tag until after the previous challenge poll closes on the 15th, and remove the tag after the voting poll closes, so entries for the next month’s challenge can be featured.
It’s my party: Tulisa arrived at The Rose Club to celebrate following her performance
I'm begrudgingly back in the groove at work. Still cross-training on MRI scanning but enjoying the change in scenery. It is amazing what science can do these days in the field of medicine. I've been at work almost every day since we've been back from vacation, whether it be for a few hours or an entire 12 hour shift. I tried to take my first "sick day" of the year and stay home to help the family with some stuff. Wifey was sick and kids had science projects and church treks to pack for. Sure enough, one hour into my "night off" and I was called in to work. My replacement for the night shift doesn't know Ultrasound scanning so, by default, I was still on call even after calling in sick. So, I went to work for about two hours and quickly scampered back home.
Any woman who loves fashion or who loves to look great has seen them: delicious designer handbags that are very easy to covet. We look at these handbags and drool over them, secretly wishing that we had thousands of dollars that we could spend to purchase the type of designer handbag that we have always dreamed of owning. We look at handbags from designers such as Louis Vuitton, Fendi, Christian Dior, Chanel, and many more. We watch celebrities tote them around as if they’re worth less than a cheap handbag that can be found in any department store, and dream of owning something as beautiful as those handbags. But what we don’t realize is that the designers who create these bags, these masters of craftsmanship, are actually intentionally stealing your money.
These very winds forget their way,
I was worried about the tufting on the chevron, but it looks great.
anyway since it’s been such a blast on okl i thought it would fun to share some of the things with who better than you? so if you’re into ephemera leave your name and we’ll announce a winner on monday. till then, have a great day and start of a tres bon weekend!
this week was a chaos week.
Love her bird and pig!
6 tablespoons soy sauce
- olive oil cooking spray
Karena always has something to giveaway, so be sure to check her site often.
Reflection
Are you a bully? Do you think it would be fun to be a bully? Do you believe that bullying behavior is only part of “kids being kids” and that they will grow out of it? Statistics tell a different story.
This year Tazawako Beer Restaurant has been welcoming the guests with a special lunch deal: 500 yen pasta or pizza meal!
The Possible- Summer and School
List of Items needed:
This plan for food combining is relatively simple and follows eating in a specific order for satisfactory digestion. This does not mean that all of these categories of foods should be eaten in the same meal; it means that the categories should be eaten in a specific sequence. The best-digested meals are in fact very simple ones, including a maximum of three foods per meal.
Lord, forgive me for taking so many things in your creation and in my own little world for granted. Thank you for blessing me with things I’ve never even appreciated. Thank you for telling me over and over that you’ll never leave me or forsake me…because I need you always, and especially now. Bless me with your peace, so that I can cast all worry about of my mind, and so that I can learn to be content, and in the moment. I ask for your blessings in my life and the lives of those who love you – grant them, and me, the desires of our hearts. In Jesus’ name I pray. Amen.
For my layout this week, I chose to do another Florida (2 pg) layout. Every time we go, Keith gets the kid's out in the ocean and they go on a treasure hunt to see what they can find. This time was really cool. They ended up with their shells AND a baby jellyfish!! We kept him for a small bit and had a good (safe) look at him and then we released him back to the ocean. Pretty cool!!! I created my own backgrounds on these layouts using sand photo's and adjusting the 'opacity'! COOL huh??
Heal grief. Our old memories of loss and pain can keep us trapped in the past, so it is important to work actively to heal those wounds and free up the energy they store. Use journaling, counseling, group therapy, or a letting-go ritual to help release old grief.
Domino Dancing
I was with my client preparing for trial Wednesday and in trial from 10 to 5 today. Last night dinner with Dad and strep-mom; tonight dinner with Dad, step-mom and nice friends. So only few minutes internet time.
Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
That the sins of Sodom & Gamorrah which was not homosexuality as so many have espoused but rather a failure on the cities to care for the stranger, the traveller (inhospitallity is never clearer than desiring to gang rape to travellers let me tell you)…this is coupled then in the Gospels when Jesus sends out his followers 2 x 2 and tells them that towns that won’t welcome them in (being hospitable) and the theme is once more picked up again within the letters of John.
The proposals – part of the Africa-EU Partnership signed in Portugal last December – also warns of the negative effects of mass immigration and calls for “better integration of African migrants”.
Stamps - CTMH Love You Forever
05 These Days (Live from the Lyceum, London 29 February 1980)
Prepare a heat safe dish by lightly buttering it (I used a baking sheet) If you are making more that one flavor, prep said amount of dishes. Also lightly butter a spatula for each flavor, and have each flavor and food color ready.
You have the cool, clear
For you Creative Times readers who enjoy learning more about the brilliant minds and hard workers behind the scenes of Sesame Street, here are all the posts in one convenient spot.
75 9th Ave (between 15th & 16th Street)
Tells me not to stop.
The anarchists’ understanding of the intimate relationship between ends and means is one of the themes of the final chapter. This has led both to a principled rejection of parliamentary politics and the aspiration to take power in the state – for benevolent or other purposes.
see you all soon
I have sent out an email and if there is no reply within 48 hours another winner will be drawn.
“Hmm, so it would appear that you didn’t do this thing the right way the first time around.”
What have I had to learn, over and over again, and yet I still don’t have that absolute understanding – that mastery? I keep coming up short, and making the same mistakes, time after time.
I'll be back to write for you lovely people next Friday
Fine gifts~ from the sweetest of families!
On her website she notes that the house had no bathroom either, "which was fortunate because it meant that Jeanette could read her books by flashlight in the outside toilet. Reading was not much approved unless it was the Bible."
My personal experience is that men who truly are heterosexual and comfortable being heterosexual have absolutely no problem with gays. However, those that are not secure in their sexuality seem to prove to be squeaky wheels, or at least they were being squeaked. Again, I ask when is enough enough? When do we stop rewarding bigoted behavior? When will companies like Nike say: “sorry, but we don’t want homophobic bigots representing our company? Click here to see the full article.
Johnson comes through in the biographical essay mostly through quotes from his letters and publications. Here, for example, is Johnson's take on having to write a regular column in one of his magazines (advice which may also apply to the occasional blogger): "He that condemns himself to compose on a stated day, will often bring to his task an attention dissipated, a memory embarrassed, an imagination overwhelmed, a mind distracted with anxieties, a body languishing with disease: he will labour on a barren topic, till it is too late to change it; or, in the ardour of invention, diffuse his thoughts into wild exuberance, which the pressing hour of publication cannot suffer judgement to examine or reduce."
I wish he’d have quit me years ago but I wish he wouldn’t leave so often now.
Now the Romanians claim that Vlad Dracul was unfairly maligned. They insist that he only ever bit women in the normal rough-and-tumble of coital frenzy. All that stuff about chasing English virgins and drinking their blood was revisionist history dreamt up by Bram Stoker. The real Count Dracula was the leader of national liberation movement. He slew Turkish invaders without mercy, impaling their bodies on well-greased skewers like so many kebabs. Crooked merchants and cantankerous women were punished more severely. The historical sources agree that he was sadistic but fair.
A new set of faces to get to know and love, to sit beside us in our circle in the candlelight, to hear the sacred stories, and to ponder with us what they might mean.
I have been asking for a new trashcan for about 2 years now. FINALLY....it is mine! And, it is no ordinary trashcan. It be fancy. It be Simple Human. I exclaimed to Beau, "I can't believe it is Simple Human....you really went all out." His response, "What my baby wants, my baby gets."
The word ‘cock’ in Pretending Things Are a Cock had to be censored (to ‘c*ck’) on the image used in the Fringe Programme because the word was deemed to be offensive, though the image itself (see above) was not.
What page 69 does convey is an air of the slightly odd. We are shown an organization, the Checquy, that is not at all standard-issue. A group is meeting in a luxuriously appointed room with a lavish buffet, there are strange customs, and for some reason, several of the people are dressed in purple. The main character, Rook Myfanwy Thomas (‘Rook’ is apparently her title), is taking all of this in, and she is approached by a large man of obnoxious demeanor.
IT’S been a week of high entertainment on the White, with strong caddis hatches most days and bunches of fish, including plenty of fine browns coming to hand.
Romans 1: 26-27, 1 Cor. 6: 9-11, 1 Tim. 1: 9-11
08.Red Over White
The travel soap box I had was solid white and boring -- so I decided to give it more pizzaz! Working on a non-stick craft sheet, I used Tim Holtz felt applicator and dabbed on TH Adirondack alcohol inks in various colors/shades: Latte, Butterscotch, Cranberry, Current, Eggplant, & metallic Silver. I did a lot of experimenting with colors, so there could be more. The master of alcohol ink (Tim Holtz) makes mention in his techniques that you'll have to know when to stop--he wasn't kidding. Ha ha... He's got some great tutorials for using alcohol ink -- here's a good one to get your feet wet ---> HERE. You're gonna love what all these inks can do!
With the Pantone colour of the year being Tangerine Tango, orange hued everything is, well, everywhere. While I already have a bunch of these lip butters, I couldn't help getting Tutti Frutti as well. It's a great introduction to the orange craze as it can be worn sheer or layered for more of a pop. The tone is also really wearable as it isn't too bright.
cupcake basics- sat 30th June- 9.30-3.30, $275
I thought about it for a second and said, I’m going to do it. I knew by that time in my life that if I ever got a great adventure idea I better do it or end up saying someday, someday. Three days later I told my brother John the idea and he said, we’re going to do it right. I said, we have to set a date. John and I really wanted to do it but setting the date made sure we started. He was graduating from the U of M on June 15th and we set the date to walk out of town Saturday, June 20th. 1970.
5. Black Widows tale of Hawkeye could be a movie.
You cannot force salvation upon a person; it would not be genuine faith. Our unsaved husbands must come to the Spirit-led decision to convert through the divine guidance and intervention of our Lord. So persevere in your prayers and be watchful of your words and actions. Remember what the Bible says about wives being able to usher along their husband's acceptance of the faith through her kind, soft words and actions. Persevere, ladies. Persevere in prayer and through strength in the Holy Spirit. I can only imagine how difficult and frustrating it can be, but God blesses our faithfulness.
I am wondering where she received this information as it is certainly different to what I was told by UKTI in a meeting a few weeks ago. Indeed, I was informed that UKTI had supported 376 Welsh firms to internationalise their activities even though this should be a devolved matter. Indeed, more crucially, I wonder how this compares to whatever services are now offered by the Welsh Government, especially given that it was Ieuan Wyn Jones, when economic development minister, who abolished IBW (International Business Wales) which previously had responsibility for all internationalisation activities?
The chicken craze seems to be dying down but that doesn’t mean that having a backyard farm is out. Considering we go through close to two-dozen eggs a week, a few chickens would be a sound investment.
Never has a hugely successful band had such success with one lead singer, cut ties with that singer, then gone on to have such continued success with a new lead singer.
For over a century, the Democratic Republic of the Congo has been plagued by regional conflict and a deadly scramble for its vast natural resources. The greed for Congo’s wealth has been a principal driver of atrocities and conflict throughout Congo’s tortured history. In eastern Congo today, resources are financing multiple armed groups,many of whom use mass rape as a deliberate strategy to intimidate and drive the local population away from mines and other areas that they wish to control.
Wow, I’m really steamed about this.
I have picked up the first volume of a 3 volume collection titled: Autobiography of Mark Twain. He had it done before he passed away on the condition that it wasn’t released until he had been dead for a hundred years.
Fouts says:
You know when your honorable mention list includes names like Mike Singletary, Patrick Willis, Levon Kirkland, Zach Thomas, and Hardy Nickerson, you are probably gonna generate some heated debate. Willis may one day be on the Top Five list, time will tell. The five that are on the list were all game changers and some of the hardest hitting and most feared/respected players during their careers. The linebacker’s job is a multifaceted one. Sometimes you have to focus on the run, sometimes you have to drop into coverage. At all times you have to be ready to bring the heat violently though. Here are my choices for the top five linebackers of my generation:
Like the hypocrite that I am, I have been known to point a moralistic finger at certain smokers, such as at women who smoke while pregnant, or at adults holding children while a lit cigarette dangles precariously from their lips.
Right now I'm reading two books. One is Man's Search For Meaning, by Viktor Frankl. I'm also reading the final book in Kim Stanley Robinson's Mars trilogy, Blue Mars. I've had that trilogy for more than 15 years and have just NOW finally read them. Sorry, Kim! But it's been worth the wait; they're fascinating books.
Even with all the mystic work, though, the mundane is very important for a godspouse to keep in mind, at least from what I have seen. They want to be a part of our lives, our households. I’ve had Loki tell me he wants this fruit in his cupcakes instead of the one on the recipe, or tease me about the shows I watch.
The morning was HARSH. Anytime I completely lose it to that extent (see yesterdays posts), I always wake up feeling like I got ran over by a semi-truck. My body did NOT want to move and I hurt SO bad. I was late getting DD to school, but I got her there. And from that point on……I’m pretty sure Hell froze over.
You have had a rough past two days though. I finally took you to the doctor Tuesday afternoon after your fever returned. It was fluctuating between 101-102 all day Monday and through the night, but went down on its own Tuesday morning. Unfortunately it returned that afternoon. The doctor said it is some sort of virus that usually lasts between 3-5 days and would clear up on it's own. Hopefully sooner than later. I hate for you to be sick on your birthday. Hopefully when Grandma and Grandpa Campbell arrive tomorrow they can cheer you up!
Here I have done this with eggs I painted a duck egg blue.
1 formidable
There are two types of memberships offered by the N.I.P.P.A. The first is an annual membership, which is offered free with any purchase from Bushido Productions. The second is alifetime membership, which is offered free with the purchase of Master Moran’s set of twelve pressure point clinic tapes.
Everyone living on the winter belt is looking for a great golf deal. I’ve noticed a lot of you have been searching for promo codes at Golf Town which was something that they use once in a while. Today’s promo code are ‘FASTVRS’ and ‘FREE20X1′. The first code gives you a free Nike VR Pro Forged Satin or Oxide wedge when you buy the new Nike VR_S irons. The second code is good for a free box of Nike 20X1 balls when you buy 2 boxes. They’re on sale for $49.99 and you need to use this code upon purchase.
I love this picture. It was my favorite cover of the Batgirl comic series. Just pulling on the boot, getting ready to head out for a night of fighting crime, yet there is something so dainty and innocent about the picture, the way her toes are pointed, and the hint of a smile on her face. It epitomized the character of Stephanie Brown at the time.
Making my home my own has been a journey,
10. Indiana Pacers
If I give it to you and change my mind later, it’s Mine!
Mediocrity. The M-word seems to fit the mold and destination of this team, as they’re always at the middle of the pact, or an outsider looking inside. But lo and behold, a progress is in the making.
“For Christ sent me not to baptize, but to preach the gospel” Isn’t it very clear just from this that the gospel that Paul preached didn’t include water baptism?
d. A meme of a cat encased in armor made out of bacon
Last on the bill, Headliners UNHOLY GRAVE, seemed to be playing on half speed from the off. The singer , as a german chap I befriended at the gig later said, seemed to be trying his hardest to transform into the Japanese Lee Dorian circa nowadays Cathedral. With his disco hands, jumping around and zig zagging from left to right, he wasn’t far wrong.
On the upside, that's only MY impression, as I'm the only person who knew what I originally intended. The beer itself is good, really good.
Rosie: That’s what I said. I’ve created a blog that’s read by…what…?
I find there is more than just sweet chestnut coppice as the path leads along the top of a slope tree’d with mature beech. An ideal place to stop for lunch, I take a seat just off the path on a convenient stump, decorated with Trametes brackets. While munching away and enjoying the pleasant surroundings, I notice to my left a mound of freshly dug chalky soil downslope of the entrance to a burrow. A couple of minutes on hands and knees and I find evidence of the occupant: a black and white striped hair indicating this is a badger sett (despite their grey appearance, the badger’s guard hairs are in fact white with a black tip). Exploring further, I discover more sett entrances – and a skull, probably that of a young cub, with the lower jaw still intact and attached.
The younger man who had been so impatient with her needed to hear my pastor talk about the time our church went caroling at the old folks’ home about a year and a half ago. He needed to hear the stories of the elderly people whose lives had been enriched by hearing songs sung to them by people who had never met them before. He needed to hear that elderly people are a treasure and not an inconvenience.
A land of trees that stand;
May 14 – May 25 — Early Voting for Primary Elections
If you have something to hide from the government, don’t use Google Drive – Just as with Dropbox, SkyDrive, or any other cloud service provider, if you have something to hide from the government, don’t put it in the cloud. Here’s why.
"I am...sad," replied the grey figure with a broken voice.
little mermaid snuggles with the big sis.
The Saragossa Manuscript (Wojciech Has, 1965) - "The film nests stories within stories within stories, erecting complex structures that burrow further and further away from reality, into the past, into ghost stories and tales of demons and devils and, especially, stories of love and romantic scheming. The film's text repeatedly comments, self-reflexively, on all these metafictional layers... The layered structure contributes to the sensation of being haunted, of passing from one absurd situation to another while losing one's grip on concrete reality."
And yet, as with any adoption story, there is another side that we often choose to ignore. The side that goes unnoticed on our adoption announcements, the side that the photo of the proud parents holding their child for the first time doesn't show. The side we'd just as soon forget ever existed...
I think I just saw a pig fly.....and was that a monkey that just flew out of that guy's butt?
quickly colonize open areas. But, when viewed from a restoration perspective this trait is interpreted as hardy and fast growing. This tree thrives in areas with disturbances, such as a river floodplain, making alders a valuable addition to restoration sites where we are trying to stabilize the land and encourage the beginning of a natural forest succession process.
As the stars that shall be bright when we are dust,
But I took a chance and brought it to the farm.
If an injury to one is an injury to all, then injury to one has to be opposed by all.
Minor side effects, occurring either immediately after, or within seven days after treatment, were slightly more common. Some of the side effects included:
As local newspapers are losing more and more readers, it's my belief they need to focus more on the talents in the community, and not just by listing where and when a specific person is having a reading, etc. Tell them about the book. Let the readers tell us about a book they read. Get everyone involved. Frankly, I don't see the difference between a local author who publishes via a University Press and/or a small publishing company who sells a handful of "real" books, versus a self-published independent author who may even sell more books on-line than either of those. It's the story that matters, not the ISBN number, or if a book is in a brick and mortar store. The times, they are a changing, and newspapers need to change with them. My advice to them...Take a page from Daytime Blue Ridge...Stop following and start leading!
Life is beautiful.
I absolutely loved Anne of Green Gables. She’s so dramatic and wears cool clothes and has red hair.
Sadly due to my injury (see last post) I am very limited on exercise.
Her reaction made me realize that we just can't be invested in how people will react to our work, whether we're accountants or tap dancers or painters. Maybe our work will reach someone else and evoke an emotional or intellectual reaction, and maybe it won't. Whatever it is we do, we should do it with joy and passion, to satisfy the need we have to do or say something. That satisfaction is reason enough to walk down our own paths.
Somehow, that small scene from this morning has stuck with me all day--that, amidst all the recent negative Muni coverage, there are still small beams of hope shining through all the mess.
Great Britain will travel to Sweden in April’s World Group II play-offs after missing out on a home draw. The winners will earn promotion into World Group II – the second tier of the Fed Cup.
So, when you hear ‘mango nectarine’, does your mind go straight to “could they possibly be a hybrid between mangoes and nectarines?” Because that’s my mind went. It was the first question I wanted answered when I started doing a little research. And the answer to that question is… NO.
What size glass would you like? Pint, half pint or third of a pint goblet.
Today, I was walking my dog when I saw a tiny, gray ball of fur curled up in our yard. I thought it was strange that an animal would be laying out in the open like that, especially considering how many hawks we have around here. I brought Kirby inside and went to go investigate.
I’ve marked that date on my calender.
For two of these incidents there was blood, and for all of them (that I was around for) I was cool, calm, and collected and assessed the injury and took things in my stride and got stuff sorted. I checked for any knocked out teeth, I checked pupil dilation, I had it all under control. A friend cut her finger today at playgroup and I was the same. She was too afraid to look so I checked for her how deep it was and if it needed special attention (like a stitch or two, not a cuddle and a kiss) and saw that although it was nasty and long, it wasn't deep and would heal quite fine with just a band-aid. I dressed it for her and took away the bloody paper towel it had been wrapped in and thought nothing of it. After playgroup, at the shops, is when Monkey got his gash in his head. He settled quite quickly with some snuggles and we thought it wasn't too bad, then my cousin spotted some blood on his head so we tried to look but it had already started to dry and we couldn't see how bad it was but since it was already drying and stopped bleeding it can't be too bad right? He wasn't keen on me trying to get near it for the rest of the day so fast forward 5 hours and I decide that I need to clean away some of the dried blood and find out exactly what's going on. My head starts spinning, my belly does flippy-floppies, I feel queasy and gross. WHAT THE? I checked on a woman's finger that had quite possibly been sliced right open with a knife and didn't flinch and now I can't clean away some dried blood without considering if I need a bucket next to me?
Traci Huskamp Being out in nature, listening to music, reading books and magazines always gets the wheels turning in this brain of mine.
Meri & I caught up with the other two who were feeding a rabid squirrel parts of our lunch. I mean, how rabid does a squirrel have to be to come right up to their table and beg for food?
1. Jarred pesto – Sure, I’d love to be able to make my own more often but I just can’t. Ingredients can be expensive and this is just really quick and easy. And it still tastes good for when I want to make pesto pasta, pesto garlic bread, or my and my boyfriend’s favorite, pesto cheddar chicken. (*Note – the brand I buy is actually the brand in the picture)
Unfortunately, for the most part, they were very much like the current crop of veteran advertising people -- they had opinions about everything and knowledge about nothing.
Absolutely. Instant coffee mixed with tea ($2.70) is a Hong Kong favourite, or curl up with a cup of hot Ovaltine or Horlicks. Hot lemon Coke ($3) is worth ordering, a bubbling elixir of soft drink boiled with fresh lemons.
The realization brought up memories, both sad and happy. Sad, obviously, because of how the relationship and the marriage ended. In hindsight, I realize that I went into it hopelessly innocent and naive. It was my first real relationship, and I see now that I was trying to follow in my parents' footsteps...young, full of high hopes and good intentions, and blissfully unaware of the rough road ahead. But while I'm sad about how it ended, I've long since stopped beating myself up - maybe I didn't always handle things as skillfully as I could have, but I tried my honest best.
As an example, my dealership offered me a tire warranty on top of the extended warranty, which would replace my tires if I blew any of them out due to a natural cause. They started by asking me for 10 dollars a month for the tire warranty. Now, I’ve never had my tire blow on me and if it did a new tire would cost me roughly 100 dollars. 10 dollars a month for my 5 year loan would end up costing me 600 dollars total, which I did not think was smart. So I refused, and they decreased it to 5 dollars. Once again I refused and they went down, all the way to 2 dollars a month. I thought some more about it and decided I would do that, because it would at least pay for one tire if something did happen. And as luck (I guess) would have it, I ended up hitting a pothole about a year after I bought my car and blew out my tire completely. I was able to get a new tire installed at no cost. This was one time I was glad I bought the tire warranty (which I still have).
It came about when he had arrived, that he blew the trumpet in the hill country of Ephraim; and the sons of Israel went down with him from the hill country, and he was in front of them.
Once again the Argentine artist ‘Antrim’, returns back with a super techy track ‘Dunkle’, charged by full of energy with his characteristic solid beats and atmospheres of suspense, it takes us to mental and surreal labyrinths. Strong bass-lines with psychedelic enviroments, brings emotional dreamlike musical landscape to new dimensions.
“In control once more, Rajiir made his way down to the courtyard to check the bodies. After I retrieved my arrows and took their coin, I drew my blade and crept around the corner to check for others. Sure enough, there were two more bandits sitting up ahead. I stalked forward silently, deciding not to call upon the skills of the Hunter for this fight. Rajiir could handle this himself. I came around the corner and brought my blade hard into the first bandit, catching her unaware. She staggered, leaving an opening for a second blow that felled her. I turned to the remaining bandit and brought my blade up just in time to block his savage swing. Using the pommel, I bashed his face, causing him to drop his guard long enough for me to deliver the killing blow. I grabbed his shoulder for leverage and rammed my blade up through his chest. He coughed and sputtered, clutching at the wound as he slid off the sword and fell to the ground. I checked their bags for useful gear and then moved on. I had just taken out five bandits. It was good work. I had made Dawnstar proud, though they would never know it.
Earlier, Lim accused Tunku Aziz of violating party processes when the veteran politician appeared to break ranks with the opposition by declaring in the Senate on Thursday that he opposed street demonstrations.
With St. Louis, the history is longer. My dad has always rooted for St. Louis. Maybe he inherited it from his dad, for he often told us kids how much our grandfather loved baseball (I'm pretty sure that's why my brother signed up for little league all those years). I also know that my grandfather's dad moved from Missouri to Idaho as a young man.
"The amount of time that has passed is relatively insignificant, given what he's trying to do," Stone says.I kind of like the "Mikk-speak" bit, but repeating the phrase "the rocks haven't fallen" seems clumsy to me, and the "relatively insignificant" dialogue rather clunky. More importantly, this scene is supposed to be building tension as they wait to hear if Coop is all right, but it falls flat because Rusch has not explained why the guy doesn't have a radio or communicator to keep in contact with the group. Hell, he isn't going that far -- couldn't he just yell for help if he were trapped?
-he’s elitist,
4.Roll dough into rectagular shape.
Keith shook his head dumbly. Mommy giggled, holding a hand in front of her mouth in a pantomime gesture. The girls mutely looked off into different corners of the room.
FG 1.015
B - Cinnamon Rolls with Cream Cheese Frosting (using frozen bread dough)
Candy conundrum: How should Wrigley handle Skittles’ link to Trayvon Martin killing?
Praise
I finished reading Jeff Jarvis's Public Parts on a plane a few days ago. He raises some interesting questions about the transformative nature of publicness. He also connects the "personal" public with the "shared" public - his own decisions about sharing information with changing community expectations about what information and resources are shared. I think this is important.
NamcoBandai reported that a last generation game could cost as little as 400K$ to as much as 4M$. When the PS3 was launching EACanada stated development costs could cost upwards of ten million higher for PS3 then a 360 game. It was estimated to cost upwards of 30M for a PS3 game.
Evolution is not continual progress, it is adaptation, but progressives conflate the two. In fact, what evolutionary pressure there is on humanity is not inevitably leading to the androgenous world of the feminists; the classless society of Marxists or the raceless world of the multi-racialists – all types of progressive teleology which try to try to ignore substance: the material world and the differences in human bodies.
Take the ribs out of the soup pot and place them on a cooky sheet. I put some store bought BBQ sauce on my family’s ribs, but I left mine without any. You could probably make your own sauce, even a paleo version, but I didn’t have the time or the inclination. Put them in the oven for 5-10 minutes, until the BBQ sauce is bubbling and starting to blacken. (Don’t burn it! You want it to just start crackling before you take them out.)
Dr. Hightower recommended a colonoscopy, but we both agreed that since I had a colonoscopy a year earlier at the VA in Poplar Bluff and that report was everything was normal that it must just be IBS. It turns out IBS's greatest catalyst is stress, and I was under a great deal of stress because of how badly I felt. The Lexapro began to kick in after a month and I could actually feel the dark cloud lifting, however it still didn't do much for the pain and symptoms I was encountering.
AC: How much time do you have and who supervises you?
P.S. If you or a subset of your clients don’t drink — no problem! Think about employing the same set up, but for dessert tastings. One advisor I consult alternates months between dessert tastings, wine tastings and has even thought about cooking classes with a top-chef!
Served as the backup Access to Information Coordinator for the OCIO. Trained to process formal Access to Information requests
Belle:; "You're going by the store right?"
Note: If you will be making this by hand, you need to alter the steps a little bit.
Everyone is equal,
There is also some ribbons too (Forgot to include them in the pics)
the sun is for all practical purposes the god,master and absolute lord of the solar system.
Is It Possible To See It All – John Phillips is Canadian. Do I need to say more? Seriously, he’s another blogger who appreciates music and has introduced me to some great Canadian bands. Lately, he’s been traveling through parts of the west, most recently, Coeur d’Alene, Idaho, and documenting the important sights like the Wolf Lodge Inn. I should also mention that John is very compulsive about sticking to his writing schedule, I’d even call him a stickler. You won’t catch him dozing off at the wheel!
Alexis is an even bigger cow in this book, and I'm so surprised that Callie put up with all her crap.
Add strong adhesive like E6000 onto the ring base and place the flower on top.
There is one particular friend of Eldest, Youngest and their mates though, who seems to want to stir things up every time he posts something. Apart from the fact that he is constantly disparaging about the place he left, he gives the impression of sneering at everything and anything that others do or say. Occasionally some of the more outspoken contributors will have a go back at him and he invariably replies with apologies that his remarks were taken out of context and heartfelt regrets. A couple of days later he's back again with a comment here, a veiled put down there. I have a feeling if he still lived in these parts he would no longer be part of the gang.
a. translating pinyin address to chinese character for the driver to go to
Mojave Narrow Half Marathon - 6/30/12
For entrees tonight, I was absolutely torn. I really wanted to try the Cassoulet, especially at a restaurant like this, however, I was already starting to fill up. Plus Joe said that he was going to order it, and I really didn't want to order the same thing, so we agreed that he could try some of my entree, and I could try some of his. Needless to say, I am glad that we agreed to this!
“Because we’re dumb,” Jaroch said. “We’re trying to do the right thing by people. The SEC in early October called us in and said we know we just leased 900,000 square feet from you just a few months ago, but now we only need the southwest quadrant.”
But no body said I can’t blame God!
It made for a great start to the day for us all. Not sure what I am going to do for tomorrow yet but I am sure I will think of something. I am finding a little kindness goes a long way.
This week I am the hostess. The verse I have selected is from Philippians 2:3-4 "Do nothing out of selfish ambition or vain conceit. Rather, in humility value others above yourselves, 4 not looking to your own interests but each of you to the interests of the others." My challenge is for you to create a card to let someone else know you are thinking about them. It can be a bible verse, a real thinking of you sentiment, sympathy, or hello.
I really wanted to see The Help. No one could go. I sat on my porch, enjoying the warm weather, but missing all of the joys of my Incredible Northwest Vacation. The melancholy mood started to waft over me, enhanced by the lack of people to hang out with. Then the brilliant thought entered my mind, “Go anyway”.
::Sophie with her friend Emily::
“I could see that all you guys had was a stalled car…” It was at this point that he gestured to the woman passenger beside him. “I knew that I could get through and I need to get my wife to the hospital,” he said.
The shape of the shadow mimics the shape of the guitar. On this image, it is almost parallel. If you are worried you're not doing it right, you can take a second copy of the image, slide it over a bit, and trace it.
“…I thought if I survive all this I’ll go to the house…apologies to the mother and accept whatever punishment she chooses for me…prison, death… it didn’t matter… because at least…I wouldn’t be in fucking Bruges…but then like a flash it came to me… fuck man, maybe that’s what hell is…an entire eternity spent in fucking Bruges.”
After considerable debate, the Iredell County Commissioners voted last month to raise the property tax rate from .445 to .485. This increase was made necessary, to a great extent, by the 2011 property revaluation which, overall, decreased the cumulative value of property in the county and with it, the amount of taxes collected on that property. The North Carolina Association of County Commissioners (NCACC) reported that Iredell County now has the 21st lowest tax rate among North Carolina’s 100 counties, up from 17th in 2010.
-face & skin: blush, coral, soft peach, oatmeal, pastel pink, satin
And now for the kitchen, right this way...
41. Women consuming even one cup/150mg of caffeine per day are 7 times more likely to suffer from PMS.
Sandler plays the title character, a drunken, dumb slacker--surprise, surprise--why agrees to repeat elementary through high school in order to prove to his mogul father he can handle taking over the hotel chain. His nemesis is a pre-Josh Lyman Bradley Whitford. If you are wondering what Whitford is doing in a film like this, so was I. Believe it or not, there are traces of Lyman in the character. He is a sharp, intelligent guy who arrogance allows him to at times be cruel. Here, the character is exaggerated for comedic effect, but that is Lymon all over.
If you haven't tried it yet, I'd move quickly ... this might not be around for long.
This is an easy project that anyone can do. It would look great in most rooms including a bathroom, entry way, laundry room, master bedroom or daughters, room!
I have been a witness to that kind of peace. That gives me hope. I have seen the good news and I know that kind of peace is available to all. Suffering may not be cured, but healing is offered to all.
These communities have not been deprived, they are self-deprived. They are not oppressed, they are oppressing themselves. The disparity in power has long ago shifted their way, if they have all too often chosen to use that power in a destructive way, the fault is their own. It cannot be healed with more affirmative action, more apologies and more power shifts. The last three years have made that painfully clear.
MMA fighters are all about what works in the cage. Personally, I am all about what works on the street…the question is what are Aikidokas all about?
1 package of taco seasoning mix or Taco Seasoning Blend below
The group filed an ethics complaint against Darrelll Issa with the House Office of Congressional Ethics (OCE) on Tuesday.
Movies give us a special gift. Like any art form, they can show us things that are not there. A painting can show us a freeze-frame of strange dreamscapes. A poem can expound upon it with wit and whimsy set to a playful tempo. A book can describe an impossible world and steadily reveal it as the story unfolds. The movies can show them to us all at once in full motion. When we see a fantasy film we get a vivid, vibrant taste of the impossible. When we sit down and watch a fantasy film we see the product of an army’s imagination. So many people had to get together and cooperate to create realities that are not there. There is an immense freedom in that.
US Rice Hulls 8.00 oz 4.3 % 0.0
I wish you were here.
8 ply
NSA audio recordings
I do have lots of photos in my camera -- trapped there with no way to download since I don't have my software on the laptop -- and soon we'll either resurrect or abandon our old puter and then I'll have lotsa pix to share.
Now, I don't know about that, BUT I do know that showing the love of God is very important in a million ways. I know that prayer works, and I know that I want to live with a child-like faith.
2. When waffle maker is ready, pour batter and make waffles according to manufacturer's directions. (I was able to make almost 6 waffles and I have this waffle iron.)
contact me @worldtechguru on Twitter.
Tristan set down his pack and rested his precious lute on the bench the gatekeeper hauled near. He looked around himself as he removed his sodden cloak and spread it over the bench to dry. The hall was a strange mixture of opulence and squalor. Rich tapestries hung from the walls, but they were dark with years of soot from the smoking hearth. Elaborately carved wooden pillars, thick as the trunks of ancient trees, held up the high, smoke-blackened, heavy-beamed roof far above him. Where most halls were draped and decked with yuletide greenery this time of year: mistletoe, ivy and holly, this hall lacked any sign of the coming celebration of Christ’s birth. Torches blazed along the soot-stained walls.
What I’ve liked:
Water- 2 tbsp
The inaugural Eugene Beer Week was anchored by the 9th annual Sasquatch Brew Fest in Eugene, OR this past weekend. I got an early start and will fill in the details of Eugene Beer Week as they become available but I would like to give this incredible fest it's fair due first. We began the trek from our motel to the Hilton, passing through the famed Saturday Market consisting of handmade crafts and many talented individuals. The Farmer's Market located across the street presented bounties of the spring along with many wonderful aromas. I picked up some dried Cherry Bomb and Smoked Habanero peppers from Crossroads Farms to turn my chili up a notch.
On the other end of the autism spectrum or continuum, children with Asperger’s Disorder generally have age-appropriate expressive and receptive language skills and average intelligence or above. They have difficulty using and understanding nonverbal behaviors, however, and their pragmatic language skills are typically impaired. As a result, social interactions are quite difficult. Children with Asperger’s Disorder typically have an overwhelming preoccupation with one or more topics (i.e., dinosaurs, skyscrapers, Egyptology, etc.) and are inflexibly bound by routine. They may have stereotyped mannerisms and/or a persistent preoccupation with parts of objects. This form of ASD also appears more frequently in males (DSM-IV-TR, 2000).
Jonas Engberg-6string guitar, voc, Patric Svensson-6&12string guitars, voc, Jerry Erickson-bass & nothing more, Per Ahlén-voc & tambourine, Hank Fagerstedt-drums & tambourine, Peter Lindgren-organ (of The Pyromanics), Roy Rogers Olson-piano (of the Sturpen Gulch)
pines, pines in mute horror,
· ...the list is endless I suppose.
While they have vast playing time with some of Japan’s greatest underground musicians, Sgt. has built up a repertoire of playing with western bands when they come to Japan. They have opened for the German progressive band, CAN, Damo Suzuki, and the Art of Fighting from Australia. The vast distances they cover in the music scene surely has added deep nuances to their musical productions and is definitely a band to keep an eye on.
In Galatians 6:9 Paul through inspiration penned, “”And let us not grow weary while doing good, for in due season we shall reap if we do not lose heart”
BridgePort Brewing Company / BridgePort Brewpub + Bakery Bridgeport IPA
I'd be delighted to order any of these items for you and can have them delivered to your address in the UK. I'm committed to providing excellent customer service and am always happy to offer help and advice. To place your order, just send me an email or give me a call on 01280 820593. And don't forget to add a free pack of designer paper if your order is £45 or more (Offer limited to one pack per qualifying order - click here for details).
This prompt was harder than I thought it would be. After I posted the prompt I realized I have never written a book review before. I am just going to warn you it will not be the best book review in the world. Here it is:
he was upside down a few times.
Bureaucratic BS if you ask me, yet they allow people in the country by the boatload who CANNOT even speak English! Where is the justification in that?
6. Why is it a law (at least in my part of America) that you must wear a seat belt, but a bus load of school children ride without one?
Ava Mae has enjoyed her after-school soccer program at Timothy for the last few weeks. They have asked her, and one of her best friends, to play soccer this fall on a team. So, it is soccer camp for Ava Mae in June. Ava Mae has wanted to play soccer with her best friend for a very long time - so this is a dream come true for her. She also wants to do ballet camp... we will have to see if that can get worked into our schedule.
* Assistant Warehouse Manager
To take this life you deemed unworthy,
The Home Depot and California Relays meets need to be resurrected and put back on the schedule. New York and Eugene need to become FULL meets again that are worthy of attracting the world’s best without having to be bent and twisted to fit the Diamond League format. Because if we have any hope of regaining a place of prominence within the track and field community with respect to competitions here in the U.S. this is certainly not the way to do so. We’re not just losing ground to traditional track countries like Great Britain – which now has London, Gateshead AND Birmingham on the schedule – but to upstarts like Doha, Kingston, and Daegu. Granted Jamaica is a trackc happy place and has been working towards getting a major meet on the map for a while, but Doha and Daegu? When Wallace Spearmon ran 19.65 there in ’06 I had to Google it to see just where it was!
The United States also said the budget is transitional and will need to be revised at the next General Assemblies in six months to reflect agreed recommendations related to the WIPO Development Agenda, the PCT fee reduction, and decisions relating to staffing.
***Essentially, deists see miracles as God coming up with the next best thing or that He didn’t do the best thing to begin with, so then He had to edit reality. To them this is irrational.***
I have been in love with this patterned fabric for ages, but thought that it might be a little much for the entire front of my pillow cover. So, I decided to go with stripes on the front and then a solid green square for the reverse side. There was no complicated math involved here. I simply decided how many stripes I wanted, adjusted for the 1/4″ seam on each side, and sliced up the fabric. All you need is the calculator app on your phone for these calculations. Promise.
Monday – May 14, 2012
Q: How do your friends and classmates feel about the situation?
I’ve found this to be true, and I’ve also found that recognizing and acknowledging the voice of Mother Culture is helpful. That voice—the one that tells us the way the world works, and how we’re supposed to function in it—is a very pervasive one. Yet I find identifying clearly for yourself which voices originate from your own experiences and beliefs about the world, and which are messages you’ve absorbed from external sources, but don't truly belong to you, can be very helpful. It keeps me mostly on the right path, that of following what I truly feel called
Contact FGA at 718-875-1855 for more information.
“I really should go… I need to get back to my apartment and gather up my things” he heads towards the door, but then suddenly turns around and looks at her.
Then it came time for bed.
Paper - Bella Blvd. Spring Flings & Easter Things Line: Mom's Bouquet, Cardstock Aqua, Dark Aqua, White
Christina: If there is a secret to doing it all well, then I'm not quite sure I've found it yet. For me, it's best to create for Midnight Snack right when the ideas pop into my head. If I try to schedule time to create, I often don't feel inspired. I need to create when I want a project created so badly that I can't stop thinking about it.
I recognize that vending is a vital economic and cultural lifeline in New York City. After meeting with unified street vending organizations, and corresponding with art street vendors, I have a strong understanding of the issues that street vendors face. These issues include vending laws that are often outdated and unenforceable, increasing fines, and unequal and improper regulation of a system that should encourage economic growth and empowerment. I believe that vending needs to be regulated efficiently and fairly.
Childbirth Connection- For upholding the values and principles of CIMS' One Voice Campaign through its educational media project, Induction of Labor.
AB 1014 reduces unnecessary restrictions on brewery tasting rooms.
-Brock grabs Cena’s chain and wraps it around his hand!
It is the depths of an abyss
Baltimore Ravens DT Alameda Ta’amu (Wash) The Ravens finally put all the pieces together. They look to reload for the upcoming years and their is nothing better for the Ravens to do other then stock up on their Defensive Front line.
Irving Whitman was assigned the case, one that remains cold all these years later.
Some of Brycen's favorite snacks:
This is what my day looked like:
Now (small print) this EXCLUDES kits by Lake View Primitives. It is also
Publisher/Year: Random House, 2010
With the mixer on low slowly add half the flour mixture. Mix until just blended. Add the mil mixture. Mix until just blended. Slowly add remaining flour mixture scrapping down sides of the bowl with spatula as necessary.
In the past, I've posted some shirt and onesie designs that I freehand painted myself (some of them in the posts were made by friends and family as shower gifts). I had considered selling some on Etsy, but it is so time consuming and expensive to do it that way (fabric painting by hand is not a quick process and therefore would be difficult to come up with a fair price).
Next the delightful Maz who I have known since school who unlike Miss B is one of the strongest, self-driven people I know. She has me down as the one of those girls who does things she needs to do without any help who says what she thinks, and yes I can be as blunt as a spoon when I want to be and I am direct if I think it I tend to say it regardless sometimes of consequence but never in malaise. So when I ended up going alone on Monday to my mini-op because it hadn’t happened on Friday she simply laughed and told me I am the only girl she knows who would be confident and brave enough to just go and do something like that alone. I’m not sure if that is just being pig headed not accepting help from anyone rather than confidence. But some of the things I have been through make me forget its ok to ask for help because I think I’ve been through worse on my own. Guess time will tell if this is right or not.
Over 50 activities (called experiences by the organisers) are planned in a wide range of unusual locations, nearly half of which half will be free. Partly in order to create a buzz, and partly to keep the curious away from certain sensitive sites before the event, all of the places remain a secret until you purchase (or reserve) a ticket.
I'm overwhelmed by a memory of a feeling.
I had to pivot completely by cutting our print publication and redeveloping our online presence along with our media kit and editorial and sales systems. Our print business model did not have the growth potential that we could experience online. We’ve already proven that by moving online, we have surpassed our reach in print.
John Obi Mikel was lucky to escape a red shortly after the restart after he caught Cheik Tiote with an elbow in an aerial challenge that left the Newcastle man needing lengthy treatment before he was stretchered off.
Whenever an organization has been successful doing the same thing for five or more years, it is the responsibility of the leader to examine the process and results and look for new ways to enrich and improve.
This time round, I saw Chicken Wings on the display tray, and a lot of Filo pastries. I thought to myself, "Finally!"
Thank you , God, for this precious, precious gift. May you continue to prepare our hearts for this celebration! May you remind us of just how capable you are, and how you bring your promises to pass. May you help restore faith to those who have lost sight of their hope by reminding them of their heritage and the promises that are found in it. And may you bring peace and restoration to those who have placed their faith in you and belief in your Son. Amen.
I hope you'll think about it and post your ideas because I'm really interested.
-You must use a project created or posted on your blog after this date ( March 15th 2012 ). No old projects please!
Record collector dreams, part 317. What if there was another Brisbane punk record? Maybe one from the fallow period between the giants of the late 70s and that short second period around 1982-3 (Public Execution, Mystery Of Sixes, Vampire Lovers). Wake up, daydreamer! Here it is.
The annual event is sponsored by Machinists Union District Lodge 751 and is a fundraiser for Guide Dogs of America. The California-based charity provides guide dogs for blind or vision-impaired people from across the United States and Canada.
Now, amendments to Brazil’s long-standing forest law, known as the Forest Code, place that legacy in jeopardy. The legislative changes would dramatically increase deforestation, the country’s leading source of climate-warming carbon emissions. Brazil’s President Dilma Rousseff can, and should, veto portions of this legislation.
FREE ADMISSION! Donations gratefully accepted. Parking costs $5. 10:30-11:30 a.m. 2850 San Lorenzo Way, Carmichael. 916-489-4918
Now it is time to send our first tweet. The following sketch is a modification of the demonstration version, in which we have isolated the tweet-sending into a separate function called (strangely enough) tweet();. It is not complex at all:
sugar – 1tspn (as to taste)
Well, that’s about it for me. I’m sure the first four things work for some people, but I really don’t see the point or benefit in any of them. As to the last one, well, that should never happen.
Flourless Orange and Almond Cake (gluten free)
black hair
12. Kill The Prophet - Filibuster
8. Divergent by Veronica Roth - Yes, I chose this partially because of Four. Plus, exciting book = exciting movie (well, usually).
any Tilda with a crown or tiara will do,
The third verse has as its central theme one of Cohen’s most frequently occurring themes – lost love. The “bitter voice” reminds the protagonist of his previous love affair, with the implication that it is over long since, and that the memory of it (and possibly the end of the affair) is to prove a catalyst to the suicide attempt: That’s a hard one to remember, yes it makes you clench your fist. The description of the affair is typically Cohen; he speaks of the colour of her hair, makes an allusion to something sensual (in this case, fruit), and blurs the lines between acceptable adult romance and a more paternal feeling: there were times she was a woman, oh, there were times she was just a child, while also giving the affair an already darker edge, speaking of shadows. The word “highways” is particularly noteable here not just for the idea of taking a journey out of life by slitting the veins that “stand out like highways”, but in the wider context – “highways” are a a regular visitor to Cohen’s texts, in pieces such as The Stranger Song, or as roads (Stories of the Street). The idea of journeys, be they curtailed, about to begin or nervously avoided, is ever-prevalent.
This book is not a stand alone novel so you will have to read the other novels to get the full story. What Zaina is saving the world from is not uncovered in this first book, nor are the specifics of the prophecy. Hopefully, the reader will discover these answers in books two and three.
Suffice it to say, both the wife and our guest were pleased to see the men of the house return.
5. A MOUSE TRAP PLACED ON TOP OF YOUR ALARM CLOCK WILL PREVENT YOU FROM ROLLING OVER AND GOING BACK TO SLEEP AFTER YOU HIT THE SNOOZE BUTTON.
We are horrified to learn for example that the National Sports Institute acquired 23 horses totalling RM5.66 million without a Financial Ministry go-ahead.
I do have one plan and that's my annual of the SXSW wristbanded at Lovejoys (No Wristband required) on Wednesday at 6PM.
Ah, Monday. You know, just a few years ago that word stressed me out...like the stress that made your heart beat faster and your armpits sweat. Gross, right? Yeah, gross. You know why? My J-O-B, that's why.
Hello friends.
To Mom, From Faith:
Congratulations Debby. We appreciate your participation in this week’s challenge. Please e-mail Claire at Claire.brennan1@ntlworld.com. Provide her with your contact information and set choice, and she will get your selected set on its way to you when shipping resumes on August 20th.
Nick Saban, Head Football Coach @ Alabama
This cut is all about Charles. But Charles is Charles because Jones is Jones.
If you've never tried working with digital images before, then I would recommend you try it, they are very versatile and saves the storage space of rubber stamps.
BTW: great service from asos, because my package was a week early PLUS free shipping!
Fun factoid: if you have a high-deductible plan, and someone in your family is ill, then the effects on your own health trickle down, as you also tend to skimp on your own health care.
Counter Human Trafficking organizations all over East Africa have the potential of establishing an annual update report whereby even dealer in the filed would share what is happening on his/her side. This will simplify looking for one another knowingly what one is doing somewhere leading into forged social networks that in turn collectively helps in achieving the goals.
Take out desired number of burritos. Heat in microwave for 2-3 minutes or thaw burritos, wrap in foil and bake at 350 for 10 minutes.
Kaitlyn (7) has been taking gymnastics this year and can finally do a cartwheel! She is also in piano (despite her not really wanting to) and she is able to sit down and read simple music pieces. She just had her first piano recital and played "Up On the Housetop." She also enjoyed soccer last spring and her second year of swim team last summer. She was able to swim on the freestyle relay in the Championship meet this year where they earned 3rd place, taking home the bronze medal. Her time improved drastically as she finally learned how to do a "side" breath. She's lost a lot of teeth and can finally ride a bike without training wheels! Lastly, she is a brownie scout this year. Kaitlyn's favorite activity continues to be drawing. One day I am going to put a book together of all her drawings that I've been collecting over the years. She is still very silly and she's very giving and considerate of others, much more so than the average child her age.
Unlike Singaporeans who have to pay through their noses to study for a Master Degree in NTU, Mr Dong not only studied at NTU for free, he was also given a generous living and housing allowance.
The Beck song listed, is also my favorite. I was in my second year teaching in Connecticut, and didn’t have a CD player. I did however, have a DVD player that I got for my 25th birthday. The Sony logo bounced around the screen. I listened to this song on repeat, trying to convince myself that life was decent. I just wanted to come home. Life was a living hell, working in a therapeutic boarding school. I bit off more than I could chew, and should have been home helping my family with bigger things than snotty kids who could give a shit. It’s such a sad song. But it reminds me of old war stories and battle wounds that I wouldn’t trade for the world because they make me me. That damned song would be playing loud enough to drown my cries while talking to my mom, telling her how much I hated my job. And she, as always, calmed me down and reassured me I would feel differently after sleeping.
Well, I promise I am in LOVE with this little guy:
The day comes when I realize we can never go back to the way we used to be, I've lost my love for her, or so I think. "I'm sorry, Rachel, I just can't anymore."
Since the topic was announced, I've been on the look out for anniversary beers. Two actually arrived at my door as tasting samples. Another was found in a friend's refrigerator. One was being poured at a local Charlotte beer bar and another was located in a liquor store during a visit to Chicago last month.
The whole film employs this technique. He just slams you in yo face from one side to the other
The other day i sat here and i read through some of my old posts in the blog, i realised i used to be a lot more open and even write somethings i now consider private , i wonder how that happened. I have a lot going on lately and i dont get as much time as id like to sit down and write about my feelings in something as long as detailed as a blog post.. I see something i want to write about happen but at a time where its impossible for me to write, ill tell you something about what i do usually.
It hasn't been an easy childhood for Katie. She was only 3 when her father died in a car accident. Katie was in the car with him when it happened. She wasn't hurt, but she still remembers seeing him lying there, and she still has nightmares about it. It's one of the only memories she has of her father.
Obama may continue to peddle the happy horse manure about green jobs to the True Believers, but he understood that what his EPA director Lisa Jackson was planning with his avid encouragement was a job killer that would have led to nationwide unemployment at California levels and higher prices on energy, food and most goods manufactured in America. Nor could he have blamed it on Congress, since it would have been entirely implemented through the EPA's regulatory apparatus and executive order.
I have to say, I thought that it was a nice idea from the moment I read about it, but it was really amazing to see it in action once we were on "set." The photo shoot was held at a private residence in San Diego. The staff could not have been more nice or more welcoming. I am seriously an even bigger fan of Infantino products now that I have met the incredibly sweet and sincere people behind the brand. And it was something else to see so many babies playing together and interacting... different shades and abilities... each shining in their own way... parents visiting and proud of their little ones. It was really a neat day.
may the power of Your mercy
The last thing I did yesterday was going to The Bank House for a drink with the 3rd Year RAP students. We played I have never which seemed that every one revolved around sex. Then I went home and into Bed.
of the living?
The best way to prevent war is to visualize peace within and around……truly the journey of a thousand miles begins with one step and the transformation of any world begins with the transformation of self.
Banana Man: Well, my Mom was Chiquita and my Dad was Monte, Del Monte.
I'm going to go cook dinner and watch tv and chill for the rest of the evening.
Pink undershirt
Bombed houses the rain falls inside.
I am not sure if this is what I was hoping for. Of course I wanted to know why and given details. I wanted to feel that the attack was unwarranted and that I would be protected and vindicated. But that is not the way of the angels or of the holy spirit. So, what I must do, what you must do is TRUST what they tell and reveal to us and know that we are under the protection of the holy spirit.
Is it entertaining? Mostly. If you suspend your brain for the duration of the movie. Enough said.
Could have persuaded me: now I dare not say
As the moments passed we both seemed to begin to relax. Questions that both of us had carried for years were asked- and answered. One thing that is important to me that you know is- quite often people somehow believe that a child placed for adoption is 'unwanted'. While I know that every story is different I also believe that often that is the farthest thing from the truth. Aleigha was placed for adoption for one reason and one reason only- poverty.
I make this dish when I want to travel back to my youth, to the days when someone else took care of me and cooked my favorite dishes, to a time when summers were spent at cousin’s houses…walking downtown among colorful shops and busy streets… with multi-flavor ice cream cones in hand, and a string of relatives in tow.
Swiftly flow the days.
CRITERIA:
Paper - Magnolia
As easy to pull on as the drunk girl waiting in the bar!
I'll miss:
Naturally, parents Tom and Debbie are proud of their son but at the same time, being parents of a prodigy isn’t easy. It's not easy being the second smartest guy in the room whenever your six year old is around. Tom must deal with that every day. And while Adam is the best piano player in the country, Debbie struggles just to land a seat on the local symphony.
This does not mean that the questions put forward by non-Muslim intellectuals or citizens should be dismissed. On the contrary, all parties must learn to decentre themselves and move towards listening to the other, to the other’s points of reference, logic and their aspiration. For Muslims, all queries, from their co-religionists or women and men who do share their religious conviction, are welcome. It is for us to make use of these questions as a spark of dynamism to our thoughts. This is how we can remain faithful to the justice demanded by Islam while taking into account also the demands of the contemporary era.
Thus, from its operation in us, we see that this gift is a supernatural tool that the Holy Spirit uses to permit our very common and otherwise very limited human nature to participate in bringing forth God’s Kingdom without requiring the human effort and prayer talent required to achieve the same level of prayer and communion with the Father’s heart.
The land here is owned by the National Trust and I’m not sure if this is usual when trees are felled, but the ages of the trees had been recorded across the trunk of each. It’s food for thought to see so many trees cut down like this.
On the drive in today I got to thinking about this planet of ours. I was watching a show on Doc Zone last night and I ended up turning it off because I just found the angle of it too frightening. It was about the robotics now used in warfare and how they are anticipating that down the road a war will be fought by robots. They are already doing it with drones and things of the like. It conjured up some really frightening scenarios for me. Oddly enough Woodstock, the movie was on as well, so I turned that on. The juxtaposition wasn’t lost on me.
Also check out Wale’s freestyle with Tim Westwood after the jump
Got some awesome positive comments at work. Then, I went home and ran five miles as a makeup for my craptastic run the other day. And, I ran the hilliest route I could find (not on purpose). My legs were toast (and still feel dead today), but I felt so great about myself afterwards.
or for everything else, you can use all the time, almost as an auxiliary of each sentence.
I took this picture in the Conservatory at the Minnesota Arboretum about 2 yrs ago, in the Summer.
- I say: The two torture scenes and the birth scene were great for a single episode.
I went to help my sister do something for my father. She left before I did, but I came upon her at an intersection. As I came closer, I decided I was really going to get her good. She was directly behind a truck that was waiting to make a left hand turn. There was no one in front of me and I was going straight. I went really slow and stopped right by her. I stuck my finger up my nose as far as I could get it and put the stupidest look I could conjure up on my face. I sat there right next to her knowing full well she would see the color of my car and turn and look. Sure enough, when I turned to see the look on her face half expecting her finger to be up her nose too…I came face to face with an irate looking woman who did not resemble my sister at all.
My favorite time of the year for birding, Spring, is here. This means that any time that I am not at work or sleeping, I am usually out looking for new bird arrivals. After an above normal temperature winter, spring has started off cooler than usual.
I was absolutely charmed by this story. This is my first Elizabeth Bevarly novel, and I'm not quite sure why I haven't read her work before, but I can tell you - after this book, I will be on the lookout for more of her books.
YOUR IGNORANCE!
DAY 16– Love Intercedes
1) A dairy cow drinks 20-50 gallons of water...almost a bathtub full each day...while I drink about 40 Nalgene bottles of water a day plus 1-2 mugs of coffee plus 1-2 glasses of milk.
FINALLY.... Jake's ring! He chose to have a thumb ring because of comfort and because it's a reference to Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy. He works with his hands/fingers on a daily basis and isn't used to wearing jewelry. I think a thumb ring looks cooler and is an awesome compromise since I didn't think I could talk him into a ring in the first place.
TIGHT-ARSED blokes: Only date girls called Natalie, Carol, Holly or Eve. Chances are their birthday is around Christmas and you won't have to shell out for a present until then, by which time they will have chucked you.
There are three schools of thought about Nietzsche. Most popular among academics is the school of the “gentle Nietzscheans,” who claim that Nietzsche was, in effect, a sheep in wolf’s clothing; that his attacks should not be taken literally and that he was really an ally, not an enemy, of the Western institutions and values which he denounced.
Congestion can also happen due to non-recurring highway incidents, such as a crash or road works, which may reduce the road’s capacity below normal levels. Economist Anthony Downs, in his books Stuck in Traffic (1992) and Still Stuck in Traffic (2004), argues that rush hour traffic congestion is inevitable because of the benefits of having a relatively standard work day.
If, like me, you’re a bit of a food lover, you could always get inspiration from cookbooks and chefs like Jamie Oliver and Donna Hay and recreate them in your own style. Jamie and Donna are wonderful at using seasonal ingredients, which is something I always try to do at home, too.
or orange, raspberry add 1/2 teaspoon of extract.
Baekhyun nodding, his lips make a smile. “Yes, he is nice.”
“This policy would inculcate a sense of division… it would slowly start to destroy national identity and unity,” said a statement reflecting the strong opposition to the plan in some parts of the country. It was released by a coalition of local NGOs, some of which later withdrew their support.
Included are Sea Salt mixtures (I found sea salt at my Dollar Tree), Copycat Montreal Grill Seasoning, Tuscan Spiced Salt, and Jerry's Texas Barbecue Rub Recipe.
Colonic
-You have such a goofy cheese smile
Norman is keen to encourage debate and involvement from students, recent graduates and, indeed, practitioners and academics. He is also more than happy to give advice on how to construct Freedom of Information Act requests – simply email him from his blog
Authorship and Copyright Notice : All Rights Reserved : Satya Sarada Kandula.
A story from Miami is making me happy and sad at the same time, which is quite an achievement for an everyday human tale of yearning and fulfilment. I don’t usually experience such a complex mix of emotions unless mating elephants are involved.
Here's an overall photo of the Papercrafting Kit (been saving these vintage tissue butter wrappers for an early summer kit - you will LOVE these) . . .
"Therefore, since we have been justified through faith (not religion or good works), we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ, through whom we have gained access by faith into this grace in which we now stand.
Now that's how to share chores... ;-)
While we were price-comparing toothpaste and deciding which scent of deodorant was most enticing, Aaron shared some of his life story with us. Listening to this polite, athletic and well-spoken young man, it was almost impossible to believe what he’d been through. He first entered foster care when he was 5 years old, along with his four siblings, and he couldn’t remember how many different places he’d lived. The last time he saw his mother (he never knew his dad), he came across her on the street, “and it wasn’t a pretty sight,” he said, his eyes tightening. The last place he was in was a group home, “where the people running it were just doing it for the money. And that’s never going to make for a good situation.” Aaron didn’t have a cell phone, winter coat, computer, camera, car, or CD player. No sheets, blankets, towels, robe, toiletries, pillow, or study materials. He wanted an iron because he liked his shirts “crispy” and you could tell he was the kind of kid who would use it.
A few last sips, and then they were gone.
Cover a large cookie sheet with wax paper or parchment paper. Spread broken cookies, pretzels and about 3/4 cup of the candy corn onto the prepared cookie sheet in a 9×13 shape. Place almond bark in a container and microwave for 1 1/2 minutes. Stir and then microwave for another 30 seconds until melted and smooth.
About this time, 'The Big 5' was born. Major corporations thought it a good idea to buy into the publishing world. (I'm not sure why they thought this to be a good investment.) Basically, 'The Big 5' gobbled up all the little guys creating the top five publishing houses (recent data shows these to be Random House, Pearson, Hachette, Harper Collins, and Simon & Schuster). This meant that most other publishers out there (i.e. Doubleday, Knopf, Little Brown, Pocket, etc.) became divisions or imprints of the large publishing houses. For the author, if a book was/is submitted to the publishing house and is turned down, then it is turned down by every imprint or division under the publishing house's umbrella. This, of course, has made it harder for the author to get his/her work noticed by one of the major publishing houses.
To let you in on the truth, one month ago, I paid my cable bill with a check by phone. Then, two weeks later my service was disconnected. I called the cable company and was informed that the company had made a mistake entering my account information and the payment was not received. I gave them another check by phone and later even got a bill in the mail saying the payment was received.
Oh my goodness, it was a mess.
nowhere
But once a month there would be intense negotiations.
Arcadia Cereal Killer; Battle Creek, Michigan, Barley Wine, 9% abv
You're not afraid.
As for getting noticed by bookers and talent coordinators – you need to understand that sometimes it’s not about the funny. It should be, but it isn’t. Sometimes it’s about fitting a demographic – whether it be female, gay, minority – sometimes a show needs to fill a certain percentage with various groups. I’m not saying that there aren’t very funny people that fall within those category breakdowns – of course there are. It just becomes a question of section percentages. Take for instance the Canadian Comedy Awards (we really have them, although the public really doesn’t know that). In the category of Best stand-up (male and female), very few males have had multi-year nominations (let alone multi-wins), yet the female side has been pretty much the same group (give or take) for the past six or so years. Bookers are also relying on the comedians to do a lot of their work – sending tapes, DVDs and YouTube links. I think that should be happening, but I also think that it’s on the bookers and scouts to be out in the community, watching the shows, meeting the comics. Getting a CTV Comedy Now should not be based on one set. Beyond that, it’s also about personality – maybe you just don’t click with the person at that level. Or maybe someone thinks that you’re not the right look, or age, or your material is too different.
Little girls like this just don't come along quite often enough.
You become the masterful magician (like the Magician Tarot Card) of the elements and interweave them to create magick!
314Here grief forgets to groan, and love to weep,
into another room and work on my album I can
Sheik Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi Eulogizes Saddam Hussein and Declares: In Recent Years, Saddam Was a Changed Man, Did Charitable Work and Helped People Build Mosques
“Ah. You an expert on that stuff? I didn’t take you for a bondage freak,” she stretched.
The only bummer was that the poolside bar was closed when we were there. I had imagined sipping mai tais by the pool. I don't think I've ever had a mai tai in my life, but it seemed like the thing to do. So instead I went to the indoor bar and got a pina colada and brought it out to the pool.
When I began blogging, my full, God-honest intention was to put myself out there. My motivation was my decision to become a serious writer, published and beyond. I figured meeting other writers and learning more about our craft was the way to forge ahead.
75020 Paris
producer Alexander Korda's 1940 THIEF OF BAGDAD.
That was 26 years ago. We built that building and 2 other ones and I hated each project. There were worse days than that and I am simply amazed that I have persevered them.
Week 11 BYE: The Bye week is favorable for Seattle as they have two home games prior to it. It will give the team a chance to rest and rejuvenate before heading on a two game road stretch.
Dear Mum
18. My husband has fallen asleep, have you????
Guidelines for Stewards will incorporate the use of a range of sanctions, including verbal warnings and yellow cards for riders who transgress. Stewards will also be readvised to watch out for signs of distress in the horse, which may include but are not limited to obvious fatigue, profound or inappropriate sweating, persistent rough use of aids (i.e. bits, spurs or whip) and over-repetition of exercises.
At the end of the day, I feel confident that Jacoby’s reach advantage combined with excellent footwork and timing will be too much for Starks. Dustin has very consistently performed well, due not only to his physical tool but also his mental stength, and I see him coming out with a win tonight.
Nevertheless, I felt no discomfort when reading Julian of Norwich’s Showings. Perhaps that is because it was not my first reading of her revelations using such prevalent maternal language and imagery when referring to God and especially to Jesus. Or perhaps I was not uncomfortable because she is not agenda-driven in her writing. Though Julian often refers to Jesus as our Mother, she continues to refer to him as “he” and just as often pairs the parental reference as God our Father and God our Mother.
Leo Lyons F 6’9″ 225 Missouri
So much my heart like to say,
Thank God that He has made you holy by the blood of Jesus. Resolve to follow Him today, allowing Him to make you holy.
the sweet lessons of peace and safety;
Fashion. in colour.
Help me, O Lord, lest my heart become proud,
However, I also believe that there is absolutely a connection between some vaccines and the fact that 1 out of every 150 of our children is now being diagnosed with some form of Autism. So, like I said, a very sharp double edged sword that cuts both ways.
The Loop has enabled features, or dynamic tools that are both flexible and relevant; with follow, share and report functions taking up much of the screen real-estate. This ensures a smoother and familiar use of the service promoting customer trust and loyalty. However with features, there always runs the risk of there being an excess; this is otherwise known as ‘feature fatigue‘.
Final score - Grandma W/Carla Bruni - 0
I’ve celebrated warm Friday evenings there with a beer in hand. I’ve sat on its graveled path, crushed and broken, embraced by only coneflowers, bee balm and black-eyed susans. Salty tears dripping onto the soil that gives these plants life. I’ve smiled there and I’ve cried there. But no matter the clouds in the sky, my little spot is always sunny.
prepare1 cup carrot (grated) on the side to add soon
16/08 19:40 W 400 Metres Semi-Final
Call 212-226-7570 to reserve yourself a spot.
Lambert's (2005) study also shows that both red-tail monkeys and grey-cheeked mangabeys retreated to the safety of dense vegetation to process foods that were stored inside their cheek pouches. Lambert posits that this is a predator avoidance strategy.
The rain is supposed to end soon, and the day become quite warm, how warm, no one is saying. You have to love it when the local meteorologists admit they aren’t sure exactly how warm it will get that day!
The United States government recently blocked virologist Ron Fouchier from releasing the blueprints to develop heavily weaponized H5N1 bird flu virus thanks to pressure stemming from the alternative media, but now a new group of scientific labs have begun to recreate the findings and may release them to the public.
Our summer hasn't been ALL movie premieres and bowling alleys and reading programs, we've also had some teeth falling out (by all three Bigs). Even a first for the Middle...
It has been very cold today with a northwest wind. It was only 5º above at noon.
that's when the mama-decoder ring comes in handy.
He’d got his girl in trouble and the wedding cards were played
If possible, cook in a non-stick pan. You may need to add a little oil.
If the anomaly persists, despite all attempts to explain it, then maybe the fundamental assumptions of the prevailing worldview need to be questioned. This is what Copernicus did when confronted with the perplexing motion of the planets. He challenged the geocentric worldview, showing that if the sun, not the earth, was at the center, then the movements of the planets began to make sense. But people don’t easily let go of cherished assumptions. Even when, 70 years later, the discoveries of Galileo and Kepler confirmed Copernicus’s proposal, the establishment was loath to accept the new model. Only when Newton formulated his laws of motion, providing a mathematical explanation of the planets’ paths, did the new paradigm start gaining wider acceptance.
One minor Office Dibble: the 3d was good but I want to see it in 2d – the ‘Real 3d’ was a real pain, too dark and gloomy and not that exciting. When will they stop selling this half assed, misguided technology.
MISEREATUR AND INDULGENTIAM
For a long time I had nothing but the anecdotal experience of very wise Mamas to back me up, and a lot of defending to do about my diet and our restrictions to family and friends. I've been told to give it up and "just wean to goat's milk" because this all must be "fake" or "too hard." But then I read Dr Jay Gordon's article analyzing dairy protein allergy in children and nurslings and I felt vindicated. More and more literature supports nursing moms who decide to eliminate dairy and other foods from their diet.
think it's comedy that you do so still....goes to show that you women are sneaky and shady if not more so
You were my sunbeam through the shower. If you must have selective memory of our interactions to sustain yourself and your life as is, forgetting much of what you felt and said to me, you must do what you think is best to continue your facade. I fault you not, for you do not see what God has presented to you as gift. We complete each others’ soul that possesses our two bodies. I will hope to see the ray of light again, if you choose to shine, instead of forget what we could be. You may choose to forget to survive…
To what degree do tourism authorities assist media connecting with indigenous peoples and indigenous peoples connect with media? (This is a topic we’ll review in detail during Indigenous Peoples Week)
Today's rules!
I recently switched ISPs to (Clear) and it was great at first, but after a while it turned to crap. I did everything I could do to make sure the problem wasn't on my end and eventually I did too much. I keep 90% of my files in desktop folders and after fooling around with my registry my documents and desktop disappeared. I searched and found them in a temporary folder. I then copied them to where they are supposed to be and after restarting they're all gone. All that remains is shortcuts.
Married: September 1, 1982 2nd- Alan Keith Thingpen
She Can't Find Her Keys...Paul Peterson
It really is a shame because my children are missing out as well. But I have to get over this. My children ARE better off without her in their lives. There will never be a broken promise, they will never have to see her battered and bruised because she insists on allowing a man to beat her, they will never have to hug her and wonder what the stench is coming off of her. They will never have to hear her tell them 'I have given you everything....oh right except love' (and yes she did once tell me that)
Especially when it comes to Samuel Vimes, who commands the City Watch in Ankh-Morpork, the starring city-state in Pratchett’s Discworld. There are around forty Discworld novels. I’ve read six or seven, mostly the ones for kids, and this is the first involving Commander Vimes.
But it didn’t stop there. At some point in my life, gum became a dental tool. Now it’s “Dentist Approved! Long Lasting Flavor!” gum. They’re trying to make it surpass brushing our teeth! How fucked up is that! We can’t even lift a stick up to our face and move it up and down for a few minutes!
Now that we are in agreement, let us move on like a Vegas bride the morning after, shall we?
Now that I am up the duff, with child, in the family way, pregnant or my least favourite old fashioned term that makes me shudder 'in confinement' things have changed a little.
~went back to work
I had not sat down and focused on the flavor of this brew but I'm glad I did. Even with the on-the-fly changes I am pleased with how this turned out. I doubt I will let more than a bottle or two get much older as previous batches turned too sweet, almost syrupy, when the hops faded.
Which brings me to all of you. Thank you, Thank you, Thank you, Thank you, Thank you.......
A group of six friends used to play a lot together, till a fateful day came where one of them, Meiko (Menma) Honma, died in an incident. The remaining five grew apart and now live very different lives without much contact with each other. Years later, after a certain summer, the former leader of the group, Jinta (Jintan) Yadomi has abandoned high school for a whole semester and starts living as a shut-in. During this time, the ghost of Menma appears before him and asks him to grant her wish. The problem is, nobody of the group of friends nor Menma herself know what her wish might be. On top of that the Menma’s ghost can only be seen and heard by Jintan.
Teach
Greedy, naive fuckwits!
oral surgeons
For the level of importance most journalists assign to writing proper headlines, mainstream news sources often publish headlines that are misleading and incomprehensible.
Dress: Joe Brown
I'd had enough. I excused myself from my dinner party, got up, walked over to his table, took his phone from his ear and told him I was going to shove that phone up his ass if he didn't take his conversation elsewhere.
New light fixture
But Weidmann is only so much of a rebel: he shares the German obsession with inflation as a bogey-man, and debt as something which must be repaid come what may. He firmly rebuffed calls for the ECB to ease off on fiscal austerity.
On a good day…
Right now, we’re supposed to be resting for two hours to adjust to the altitude (11,000 feet!), but my brother is having a lot of trouble working the shower, despite the straightforward instructions to wait five minutes for the hot water. We drank coca tea a few minutes ago, which is supposed to help with altitude sickness, too. That’s tea made from the same plant used to make cocaine. Seems like there are a lot of things that could fix, if you ask me.
Another challenge is that South African festivals, bookers and promoters often make very safe choices. Who can blame them though as they are also just trying to map a buck. It’s frustrating though as this sees the same bands getting booked over and over again – the ones that are safe, upbeat, un-offensive & mainstream.
HI there! I am here today with some Market Street Stamps goodness! Today is the newest Paint the Town Challenge. Just take a look at this color palette:
About the Internships
After meeting Chesimard, who is black, Marable wrote;
Today is my super busy day - I'll be working two 8 hour shifts as our community is hosting a HUGE event and it's all hands on deck (this weekend only). That means that today's post will be SUPER short!
I say all this to convince myself, of course. I have difficulty being a ‘proper’ wife and a ‘proper’ mother too - and I certainly haven’t got a ‘proper’ job! That’s nine to five, isn’t it?!
And I agree. I want a life. I spent a glorious mother/daughter bonding road trip with my daughter recently, and we sang along to every song on her playlist until my throat hurt on the way home. I want to learn to play an instrument. I want to learn how to ride a motorcycle. I want to fix up the house for the kids, and have campfires outside. I want to laugh, and dance, and let my hair down. I want to wake up just dying to start the day. I want to heal for my kids, and for myself. I want to love myself again.
Near the spot where Xu Guan had found the gun, he found a musty canvas bag. Inside the bag were three full boxes of #2 shot 12 gauge shells and a partially empty box of #6 shot shells also in 12 gauge. The boxes turned to mush in Xu Guan’s hands. Most of the brass on the shells was corroded.
- We've only done a couple of photography jobs so far this year
Hershey’s Bliss, milk chocolate or Reese’s cups 6pk $3.50
I had it on the front of my Tandem for many years.
EastEnders: Ace Bhatti (Yusef Khan)
I know it’s wrong – wrong of me to suddenly flip the switch on our friendship with overly aggressive flirty behavior – which mind you, I was keeping under control until his mutual attention started pumping me and my game up. Oh lord, I just claimed to have game.
And now, I do believe that the miniature Claire rant that I know I am going to regret later hiding above, I think it is time to spread my views about the romance in this novel. Because this book is mainly action and plot centred, the romance is slightly sparse. But what was in there was incredibly tastefully done, did not make me feel as if I needed to go and buy several packets of brain bleach. (Fortunately for me, it is often on special at Tesco's.) Anyway, the romance was good. It did not feel fake, and I am sure that Joe's feelings on the matter (however trivial and entertaining to poke fun at) would be authentic if one was in his position. And as for everything else in this book, the romance in Almost True gets a thumbs up. It may be the first romance this year that did not want to make me flush my head down the loo. (Why I would want to do that is both a mystery to me and you.)
Well… not exactly. It doesn’t look like anyone ever knowingly cheated to simulate Clever Hans’ talents. Even when someone other than his handler was asking the questions, his success rate was still impressive. But it turns out they didn’t need to be cheating. Hans was picking up cues, but not intentional ones, and giving his answers solely based on the expectaions of his audience.
We took him to the vet- he was still butting his head against us, purring, etc so we didn't know what to do. He seemed happy still, but he was clearly getting more and more uncomfortable and because he was breathing from his stomach, he was wheezing more. He had a good morning, went outside and slept in the sun, we let him eat all the treats he wanted and then he slept on a chair in the computer room until we took him in. She said there was no right or wrong answer. We could wait 2 or 3 more weeks but there was a possibility that he could die during the night or he could get so uncomfortable that we would have to do it immediately. We didn't want him to suffer and it seemed better to let him go on a high note than if he were to die at night by himself in the living room or be so sick that we would regret not putting him down sooner.
20. Meet more blogger friends: I feel like I've met so many awesome people through my blog this year. I hope this continues for many, many years to come!
and I am afraid I am not handling it well.
FULL REVEAL IN STORE: (or this post is gonna take up tooo much space-lol)
“At precisely two minutes and twenty-six seconds after midnight March 30, 2012 there was an incredibly powerful bolt of lightning in the vicinity of Woodward, Oklahoma that spawned these red sprites,” says Ashcraft. “I could see them from two states away!” He also recorded VLF and shortwave radio emissions from the cluster, which you can hear as the soundtrack to this video.
Isn't it funny how kids seem to remember very specifc incidents and recall them in perfect detail? We ate lunch at In N Out Burger that day, and as far as I can recall it's maybe the second time Bug has eaten there in her entire short life. Somehow, though, she locked the signature look of that bright arrow sign into her little mind, and now every time we drive by one, she hollers "fries! fries!" at the top of her lungs. Nothing like that to make a mom feel great about the nutritional values she's teaching her toddler. She's sure never flapped her arms with that much joy while shouting "broccoli! broccoli!" from the shopping cart in the grocery store.
Many books have one or two animals as characters, but this book has many types of real-life animals in it - Frightful the falcon, Baron the weasel, ... In fact, most characters are animals, and they communicate in their own ways. There are a few random human visitors as well, but they're not nearly as interesting.
Of all the pictures that were taken, the one below is my absolute favorite! The brick wall. The love seat. The colors. It's quite wonderful.
“Let’s open a new chapter…let’s draw a road map for economic cooperation. It has happened in all regions despite conflicts and wars,’’ Sharma said. He said it has been a case of “missed opportunities” between India and Pakistan for decades.
He said the slander, among others, meant that he was a religious extremist, was incapable of acting professionally and carrying out his duties as a councillor despite his qualification as a land surveyor, and had mental problems, with the innuendo that he was a mad man.
I am guilty of not having perseverance.
So, where does that leave us?
The challenge comes as part of a motion to quash filed yesterday against the Justice and Treasury Departments at the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia by Riyadh-based Al Rajhi Bank. It asks Judge Ellen Segal Huvelle to quash an administrative subpoena issued by the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the District of Oregon, which is prosecuting a man accused of conspiring to smuggle $151,000 in travelers and cashier’s checks out of the United States. The checks were allegedly cashed at an Al Rajhi branch in Saudi Arabia.
Lately we have been making good ol' Aglio e Olio (go here for that recipe) or gorgeous Summery pesto variations - some that the kids have invented (the picture below is of a gorgeous recipe we made from the fab Whole Larder Love's great online cooking series) & who can beat just fresh tomatoes with a little EVOO & fresh basil in Summer. YUM. Fresh ingredients at their best.
Rhetorical Analysis: Their really werent many decisions I could chose to or not to do because the scannable resume was preety much standard. Per the isntruction about creating a scannable resume, I added the keywork section under my name and address so that an employer could find it using one of the keywords listed. One thing that I did make sure was in the document was proper spacing between each plac of location as well as each educational institution I attended. I chose to implement spacing so that all the information in the document would not run into each other and that the infomration was still clear to read. I aligned all of the text to the right of the document because you are not supposed to have any formatting effects in a scannable resume. Unlike the traditional resume, I decided to make the font all one size in the scannable resume. Since it is a condensed format, this will be easy for the reader to read and focus on.
Annabel. What can I say? She sleeps at night. Wakes to eat usually just once and takes a nice long morning nap. She is terrible in the car. My first child who wasn't instantly calmed my a nice car ride. Oh well. She sleeps at night. I can't complain.
I need help on deciding how to finish these. Let me know what you think.
Skinner, Gwen - SECRETS OF THE SYMPHONY
There are Killer Opening Songs that become trail-blazers in their own right. Their other-worldly nature strikes the listener as much an allegory as a melody. And tonight K.O.S. will be opening another mini-section within a section: tracks at the beginning of an album that have become either trendsetters or generational benchmarks. Some of them might feature famous guitar riffs, whereas other will boast powerful lyrics. There will be tunes whose delicate delivery will be the equivalent of venturing into a magical realm, maybe reminiscent of the Aztecs' cultural exuberance or the enchantment of the Brothers Grimm's fairy tales.
1/2 red bell peppper, diced
As the pack states, it comes with 8 (full color) cards, an "Authentic" Tron Sticker (whew! no fakes!), and "Tips for Winning Tron Video Game", in whatever way they're going to provide that to us.
When we got to the turning for Grove Park Station, we decided to carry on for a little bit, in order to reduce our mileage for the next section when we do it. It was mainly road walking, and we passed the grand building that was formerly Grove Park Hospital, and is now a residential building.
Go read her Blogger Pledge. Paste it up as the wallpaper on your monitor, print it out and post it where you need it. If you're making the transition from hobbyist to problogger, you need her advice.
- 1-2 Tbsp lime juice
Sickos who do that kind of stuff to kids should be punished very severely.
Police said in a report that the man told her it was none of her business where he was going.
Linds
I don’t think it is so far fetched to think that my life is so interesting that my daily activities should be posted to an anonymous gossip website. Gossip girl gave me hope that going to school, dealing with family drama, and hanging out my friends was truly gossip worthy. Not just gossip worthy, but when people see me out and about, they will send in anonymous tips to some all-knowing gossip fiend. So much so that it makes me feel like a celebrity. FALSE. Even when I tried my hardest to live my life in a gossip worthy manner, my life did not show up on people’s news feeds. Thanks Gossip Girl for giving me false hope that I could be as notorious as the upper East side elite.
Cabinets are DONE! will show them soon.
Egomancers are able to sense magic in others. This is one of the first lessons an apprentice magus learns, and unless the would-be egomancer shows talent in the detection of the ebb and flow of magic energy, their training ends there.
*** This is not my exact mixer - though I know I have taken pictures of it - I can't find it, and it is a bit dirty right now from making cookies and I am too lazy to clean it and take a picture****
With the war basically lost and the Epigoni starving them out, the Thebeans consulted their seer Tiresias for what they should do. Tiresias told them to send a herald to the Epigoni to open up diplomacy and at the same time the citizens of Thebes would flee the city. The Thebans
But what is more surprising is that over the past decade, the price rises you find for these 33 commodities are just about beyond the realm of possibility 2, 3, and 4 standard deviations away from trend. It is a boom without any precedent. Quite simply, nothing even close has ever happened before, in any market, including hi tech bubbles and real estate bubbles.
So right now I am drinking a lot of infusions. Every day I drink nettle and most days I drink oatstraw as well. Once a month I drink sarsparilla for a week and I throw in raspberry leaf and red clover, too and an occasional pot of yarrow tea. So every day I am drinking 3 cups of infusions. The hormonal shifts of menopause are as demanding on the endocrine system as adolescence and your glands need a lot of nourishment. These infusions are high in so many nutrients that I take no other supplements.
Which is not a Good Thing.
I find I have to agree. Although he’s dealing with individuals, most of the stories here dwell too much on the surrounding events than on the people with the exception of ‘Apricot Jam’ and ‘Nastenka’ which, for me, were the two best stories. When books like The Gulag Archipelago first came out they opened people’s eyes to what was, and had been, going on in the Union of Soviet Socialist Republic, but now there is no USSR and what more is there to say?
To answer your question, Jan, Charles Dickens is my favorite author. I forgive him of illogic (see my book report, above), wanton use of coincidence, and the cliffhanger story line that disappeared in Little Dorrit. He was a master of characterization, dialect, and emotion. He was a window to Victorian England, writing often about the social ills and inequities between the haves and have-nots.
No, but neither could she. Which is why she says she’s going to report him if she sees it anywhere in the town- and really in a twon that only has about 12k people, it would be hard to spot the only Virginia plates, will it?
is with you
If you look back at the important cloud computing events you will find that nothing of much significance had happened in 2010. The same can be said for the 2011 and I suspect that 2012 will not be any different.
One morning I was laying in bed praying about an "Titanic idea" when the prodigal son story popped into my mind. Was it possible that the seed of the idea I had so many years prior fit on the Titanic? I dug back through my old computer files and found the original prologue. Then, in my mind's eye, the story of a younger son, an older son, a woman who cared for them both--and the loving father--played out in my mind.
Sense and Sensibility (Luciana Arrighi; Ian Whittaker)
To brave the dark
You might have remembered last week, when I said I was meeting up with a few other Kentucky Food Bloggers. I had such an amazing time, and thanks to Adam from the Danville Boyle Co Convention & Visitors Bureau, we were set up with a culinary tour of Danville, KY.
Well I'm off to the beach! I hope all you Mommys have an amazing Mother's day, and those that aren't Momma's make sure you tell yours how much you love & appreciate her! They do so much for us! I don't know where I would be without mine!
These are basically just 4AM ramblings that I hope will stand out for someone. It’s a culminations of thoughts that have been laid on my mind and heart, and new things I’m learning every day in my walk. I say all this as someone still learning these lessons everyday. My walk is by no means perfect, but I’m tried of being lukewarm. I’m ready to go all in, and I encourage you to do the same. To sum it all up: we are not of this world. We will never truly belong in this world because we were not made for here. We are called to a greater purpose, and a greater plan than we can imagine. It’s just all about making the decision to leave yourself and this world behind, and going all in for Jesus.
Oh dither dither dither.
– Brando interviewed Port at the Atlantic Regional in Miami. Also at that regional, a young Miami Herald sportswriter named Dan Le Batard documented an exchange with Port that went in part like this:
While there may not be exhaustive research done on the direct impact of food grown in sludge, anecdotal evidence suggests people who live near farm fields fertilized with sludge have gotten ill, as have their animals, Reilly said.
I’m not positive that there is definitely a connection between working at my job and being single, but I sure wouldn’t be surprised if there was some sort of correlation. There might be some holes in my thought process, but then again, this isn’t necessarily something I want to test out either. All I know is that if I stay at this job much longer, there is a likely chance I could end up lumped together with my co-workers in the single department.
A flash fire at printing company Delta Display Ltd resulted in two employees suffering burns. It seems that the incorrect cleaning solvent was used, creating flammable vapours. An HSE investigation found that the company had ignored guidance given by the press manufacturers that there was a danger of fire and explosion if any cleaning agent with a flash point below 55 degrees centigrade was used. The printing firm pleaded guilty to a breach of the Dangerous Substances and Explosive Atmospheres Regulations 2002 and was fined £12,000 with £5,250 costs.
Wow! That seems like a lot of steps- but they're easy and fast...just not fast to write them all down!
In the past, I had made a loaf or two, but they always fell and came out like bricks. I resigned myself to make one loaf of bread a day, tweaking the method, until something resembling edible came out of the process. The process was brutal on my ego.
The chocolate type, of course, is best
Best of all, though, I don't have much pain during the day and I actually feel better overall. Some of the beer belly might be shifting into other parts of the body or getting burned off entirely. Who knows, but this was a pretty successful week
Similar read: Divergent by Veronica Roth
No gifts, no power, no wisdom
In attendance: Samantha, Brian, Jared, Clint, Nicole, Doni, Randy, Nicole D. (complete with ample photos of Marcus who is now a chubby gorgeous 6 months old) and of course, me.
People built houses because they could afford to do so. Buyers bought houses because the credit was there. Now, the credit is no longer available.
I also ordered for their newest dessert - Sundae Mix-Ins Milo Blast - but the person manning the counter didn't punch my order, so it wasn't delivered to us, and we decided not to make a new order. Maybe I'd try it next time.
This has the simplicity of the Recon system, but the tie-breaks reward aggressive play. Note that if you win a game your own losses are irrelevant.
Sorry I haven't been able to give you 100 % with the blog lately... scary, end of term uni deadline on monday...
“Nobody wants to have to go somewhere else to have a case tried,” he said.
The article notes very well that many EDL members have nothing in common with the tea-partyists and are to the left on the political spectrum. It then mentions atheist leftists and liberals. I'd say around half of the EDL are atheist, judging by the comments on the forum. The tea-party have very much a Christian core, with many members quite fundamentalist. Some within even believe the theory that it wasn't a bunch of fundamental Muslims that attacked on 9/11, but was some conspiracy between US neo-cons and Israeli intelligence!
There’s just something about the sound of a Hammond organ in a song that satisfies me to the core. It’s like musical “chicken soup for the soul.”
Or just sleeping
I'm a bit embarrassed to say
For those not paying attention, video surfaced of this African American woman, currently an employee of the USDA, speaking at an NAACP function and her remarks were excerpted by right wing media hacks to make it appear that years ago she had denied aid to a Caucasian farmer based on racial tension between them. After the excerpt went public, Sherrod was immediately forced to resign but within days the full tape aired, showing that she did in fact help the farmer and in her speech she was using her own feelings of racial resentment as an example of what not to do. Her acceptance of a new position is still pending.
If the wireless industry’s march to control the communications spectrum were truly about any sort of looming shortage, you can bet there would be voluntary work on improving receiver performance as of years ago. During the two-year debate leading up to this week’s spectrum auction bill, the issue of making handsets more bandwidth efficient came up approximately never.
Salt and black pepper (I don’t use the pepper)
photosource: blog.cessoviedo.com
El Conejo Red IPA
Doin’ what I did again,
We did learn a lot about the fort (not a walled fort like most of them), and the Buffalo Soldiers who were stationed there. This is a monument of Corporal Clinton Graves, one of the soldiers who fought the Apaches and received a Medal of Honor.
Lauren Nelson was crowned Miss America 2007. She received the prestigious TOYA award (Ten Outstanding Young Americans) by the United States Junior Chamber Organization in 2008. Lauren serves many charities including Children's Miracle Network. She is a co-anchor at KWTV-News9, the CBS affiliate in Oklahoma City. Lauren loves teaching Bible studies and leading worship with her husband. www.withunveiledfaces.com
General Lance W. Lord, USAF (Ret.)
According to an Interpublic spokesman, Mr. Mason has not worked at the company “in at least 10 years.”
Pre-order one of the following pie selections:
Cape Town - A witness has told how he heard a man calling for help shortly before he died following an assault in the Durbanville police cells.
In the meantime, I am struggling to practice non-attachment.
Use your imagination and make sure you write the words in a gift note attached. The words and the visual make the difference in that moment. It reminds them they are on the right path and focused on your customers/patients/students, …
2d for a Scottish pint = 4d per gallon (or a third of a shilling)
Murphy’s description of Durham’s lineup procedures was wrong: Nifong had publicly identified as suspects all 46 white lacrosse players, the only people included in the April 4 photo array, and the Durham Police Department procedures required photos of five non-suspects for each photo of a suspect. Wouldn’t a lawyer understand the definition of a non-suspect?
While chicken is baking, cook spaghetti according to package directions. Serve chicken and sauce over spaghetti.
English Pronunciation by G. Nolst Trenité
I love being an educator.
Classmate Ogata asks Urabe out one day, and Urabe makes him wait a day for her decision, which irks Tsubaki. The next day, Urabe goes commando, making her saliva especially intense. It has no effect on Ogata, and she rejects him. When performing the same test on Tsubaki, his nose bleeds on cue, proving the strength of their emotional connection.
So what do we have then? We have an evil duo who are in all likelihood working in cahoots – Dr Google and Captain Paranoia. They are supported by an arsenal of information and detail which we cannot begin to interpret without a very smart medical head. To counteract this we have a wide reaching and sensitive community who “get it”, and understand our fears and anxieties. We also have our “real life” Doctors – our oncologists and our surgeons for example. They not only know their stuff, they know us, and mostly can guide us through the minefield of distressing and baffling details dropped in front of us. We usually only see them at our checks and they are subjected to the collection of questions which we have been saving up in anticipation of our reunion with them. Often we are waylaid by unexpected blood results of other questions and realise in the days following our appointment that we still have unanswered questions. And Capt P just loves to latch on to these questions and twist them around in our minds. He refers us directly to Dr Google……..
The reason we should oppose such actions by the US, or any other Imperialist power, is simple. They will not be acting in OUR interest, but against it. We should be under no illusion that, having established its right, to carry out such interventions, should workers ever establish anything approaching a Workers Government, let alone a Workers State, the Imperialists would use all the tools of their ideological and media monopoly to paint it in the same light, as a prelude to bombing the hell out of it. Those who claim to be on the Left, but who fail to oppose the actions of the Imperialists, in Libya and elsewhere, themselves act as agents of that Imperialism, either unconsciously or otherwise.
YOU will also be responsible for the results of that wait and see plan. I'd like to point out Katrina as a history lesson for those who wait and ignore warnings of trouble ahead.
God created all life, including all the nasty virus’ and bacteria as well as allowing a design flaw such as Cancer through the net too (amongst a few others)…. Doh!
Mother's Touch Digital Forehead Thermometer. This device works by slipping it over your finger, pressing the button, and waiting for it to beep. Then you gently caress your child's forehead. In just 6-8 seconds, the patented technology of the thermometer measures the rate of heat flow from the body and calculates a clinically accurate result. No more poking an ear or sticking a thermometer where you do want to! It also includes a last reading memory, fever alert, and room temperature display and is F or C switchable.
And the mere thought of it, moistened his face with trickles of salty water.
The girl standing beside him nearly dropped my coffee when she heard this.
*shrugs*
Can you believe that I did absolutely NO coloring on this one? It was nice for something different. The ticket and sentiment is from Stampology, I believe I received the flower from Magnolia-licious and I have lots and lots of lace and ribbon in my stash :)
I had time
There’s a silver lining
How could I going on on you
In Indian marriage context, finding the life partner with the help of online matrimonial site is kind of arranged marriages in India. You can also say that the system of arranged marriages has turned online. These matrimonial sites have made the life partner search quite convenient. The search can be made on various grounds, including religion, region, language, caste, community, salary package, job profile, height, etc. These sites search profiles based on preferences given by the person who is looking for a life partner for his/her own, or any of the family members or friends.
Stylistically I'd like it to be set in the future but the culture kind of stagnated around the 90s. (People still have beepers but they can send texts, no internet is widely available, shoulderpads galore!)
-Don't pretend it didn't happen and don't change the subject when I bring it up. If I say, "Before my baby died..." or "when I was pregnant..." don't get scared. If I'm talking about it, it means I want to. Let me. Pretending it didn't happen will only make me feel utterly alone.
The central south is also under a severe threat due to the HAARP ring and Scalar square outbreak occurring. Florida, Alabama, Louisiana, Mississippi, Tennessee, Kentucky — watch these areas for the next 24-48 hours for possible severe weather — tornadoes, damaging winds, and hail. Pay particular attention to North/Central Kentucky (where the scalar square epicenter was located)
She recently added beautiful new pillow covers:
T H A N K Y O U
Until the end of September, I will be accepting electronic submissions of YA novels with the following exceptions (based not on prejudice so much as on what I've got brewing in the lab already):
Let God know where you stand.
Data as a service, or DaaS, is a cousin of software as a service. Like all members of the “as a Service” (aaS) family, DaaS is based on the
○ Meeting Karl in Chinatown – Extended
Boston Beer Company (Samuel Adams) Samuel Adams Noble Pils
Wow. I can't believe I've done this for 43 days now!! It's somewhat difficult. Either everyone has to eat GF (gluten-free) meals or we have to make a separate, GF version for me. It's not too bad but there are a lot of things I really, really miss.
Section 2. People, person, or persons as used in this Constitution does not include corporations, limited liability companies or other corporate entities established by the laws of any state, the United States, or any foreign state, and such corporate entities are subject to such regulation as the people, through their elected state and federal representatives, deem reasonable and are otherwise consistent with the powers of Congress and the States under this Constitution.
So, how deep does this go?
We did get some common sense at the time from Water Safety New Zealand, which said fencing waterways around the country was not the answer to reducing the risk of drowning.
income....one night a week just is not enough for
The whole experience was entirely surreal, and it's going to be hard to put into words how we all felt. I'll give it a shot.
It may not be anything fancy, but my kids thought they were royalty. I don't usually set a table quite like this when it's just the four of us. My youngest was so excited that her cup wasn't plastic! I love taking a simple soup dinner and making it into a special night for my family. Seeing their smiles gives me a joyful heart.
1. Killed the Wicker Man, stole his tablet… Check!
Asked By: Sighman 1 hour ago
When: Wednesday, May 2, 2012 – 11am to 12noon Mountain Time (Canada)
All veterinary advice had been to put him down but his owner wanted to give him every chance to live----so he arrived at the property unannounced followed by a pleading phone call.
The best part of the run besides just having that feeling you get while running when you haven’t in a while — be it 4 days or 4 months — was the little girl who biked by and said “Hey, look another friend!” as I ran by. Her dad chased after her and said “Yep.”
An Austin high school geography teacher has been arrested and charged with having marijuana and paraphernalia at his home, which is located within 1,000 feet of an elementary school.
Being a literature person, a story person, OF COURSE I have been thinking about the symbolic richness of this image. What message is available to me, having witnessed this event? Is it: Don't let the semester swallow you up? or perhaps: Don't bite off more than you can chew? Hmmm...
But, you say, isn’t it obvious? Their soul is saved from sin. Their soul is saved from hell! They get to spent the eternal afterlife with Jesus! And I say, well golly that’s just swell, but unless we’re going to kill our converts right away, they still have the remainder of their lives to wait out before they can enter this eternal bliss which they are so fortunate to believe in. What now? What next?
Sat always a good day - Henry Holland showing in the evening!
2. Ok, I’m just going to change this yoga goal. The goal is to go 3 times per week. After looking back on the last 2 months I think this is doable and still a stretch. I had a 6 time month and a 5 time month so hopefully just 3 a week will be a big enough push that is actually time possible!
13. Surround yourself with people you care about.
I put a drop cloth on my dining room table and it took me an entire week to get all 25 frames painted with two coats. Yes, it took forever and yes, I wanted to give up, but in the end it was ALL WORTH IT!!!!!!!
As it turns out, I’ve got too much on my mind for this to be a wordless Wednesday. Sorry for the double blog post today, but I don’t know God’s timing and when He is going to speak to me.
she watched them
LINE 2 cookie sheets with parchment paper
What does it mean to settle? When you choose to make a change, knowledge is important to make an informed decision. Making a wise choice is dependent on one’s knowledge coupled with understanding. We come to God through the Blood of Jesus Christ but have no idea what the benefits of a believer are. We have not because we ask not, but who would go to a perfect stranger making demands? Everything changed when you came to know Jesus Christ as Lord and Savior. The potential of your life changed and is no longer subject to the confines of this life unless you choose to remain in your past and retain residency to this world. God has granted you access to His Kingdom and every single benefit not then, but now. Where are you today? If you have settled, I encourage you to step out of mediocrity to the miraculous. Stop accepting less than God’s Best and claim all the Promises of God He holds in His Hand just for you. I set out to know and understand what it means to settle by simple definite and here is what I found:
Thursday morning, I was unaware that Adam Yauch was sick. I randomly happened to issue the following tweet:
I am worthy of all I have,
In the middle we have EATEN ALIVE, another Bell/Hooper collab. It's not as notorious as TEXAS, but still rules. Pretty simple one here. CHEW CHEW CHEW CHEW. The end, ha! Well, there is more to it than that, but you get the idea.
AND THEN RILEY PROPOSED AND THEY GOT MARRIED AND LIVED HAPPILY EVER AFTER WITH LOTS OF BOOKS AND THEN THEY TOPPLED A DYSTOPIAN SOCIETY TOGETHER AND IT WAS BEAUTIFUL
Below are links to the rest of the series so it's easier to navigate for those that surf in after the fact. There is also a handy button on my sidebar to bring you back to this series later, should you want to read at leisure.
He authors consternated, greedy love-making,
fire, fire, burning bright --
But that’s exactly what happened today.
It helps her feel less alone.
This album is so terribly difficult to approach with the tools given to me by any previous musical experience… It’s such a tremendously protean mix of references and genres that I can’t find any one dominant to start from – the music is simply too slippery, too restless. Spanning from circus music, to post-rock drones, to lush violins reminiscent of romantic classical music, break beat percussion, industrial sound effect, theatrical pacing, vocal samples taken from films, acoustic guitar tunes akin to the most harmless, sunny folk and bass lines of unrelenting ferocity, this album is a monumental confusion engine which would normally tear itself apart, but somehow, supernaturally, it doesn’t. Some laws still function, some sense is still there to be found and the devil is in the details.
It took me a while to get all the pieces cut out as I decided to make two in tande-m rather than going through the whole process again after I'd finished one. It took rather longer when I realised I had my perspex cutting guide the wrong way up so I had cut some of the pieces out too long (which can obviously easily be rectified) and some pieces too narrow (which can't).
2. Team Edward vs. Team Jacob. Personally, I'm part of team "Shutup and read the books, they're fictional characters!"
Receptions
On Earth Day, we celebrated by planting and gardening and being outside all day. We try to celebrate and respect nature every day, but there’s always a good reason to be even more thoughtful about how we go about our days, while we walk on our planet.
Fisher wasn’t the only team member to have suffered. This is the only time Cushing played the Baron after the death of his beloved wife, Helen. Much has been written about his devotion to her, and he spent the remainder of his life in a state of mourning, requiring persuasion to emerge from seclusion to make films. To the end of his days, he would sign letters “Peter and Helen”.
It grows in a wreath
-THE KNIFE OF NEVER LETTING GO and the others in this series by Patrick Ness -- some of the best dystopia I've read.
And most importantly of all, I didn't encounter a twat in a hat all day....
My career has nothing to do with arts and crafts. Actually it is as far as you can get from it: I have a BA in English and work part time as an English/Russian/Ukrainian medical interpreter.
I wrote some really bad poetry, submitted it to various journals and magazines, it was promptly and summarily rejected (and rightly so, in retrospect), but this rejection made me want to defend myself as writer, to want to prove that I was the real deal, but that meant more than simply wanting to be a writer but to work at it, however long it would take, however hard the work would be.
At the time of review and even in subsequent updates, the 'expedited' publishing service with Raider was around the $250 mark. I'm staggered you paid £700 - just for that - that's well over $1000 alone.
2006, and enjoyed a first success 13 months later when Tristernagh landed a novice hurdle at Downpatrick on May 18, 2002. But he struggled for winners over the next two years before a more productive 2004/05 campaign persuaded Lynch to turn professional at the end of July, 2005. He recorded a first Grade One success when scoring on the Jim Dreaper-trained Notre Pere in the Knight Frank Ganly Walters Novice Chase at Leopardstown in December, 2007. He posted a first big-race success in Britain in March, 2006, when he partnered the Ado McGuinness-trained Victram to success in the Imperial Cup at Sandown and he was also on board Notre Pere when he triumphed in the 2008 Welsh National at Chepstow. Lynch has enjoyed a pair of wins at the Cheltenham Festival in both 2010 and 2011, including the superb victories of Sizing Europe in the Arkle Trophy Chase and the sportingbet.com Queen Mother Champion Chase. Lynch is also bidding to complete a notable Derby-Grand National double, having won the amateur Derby on Tender Falcon at Epsom Downs in August, 2004.
So things are moving along in the basement, slowly. Lots of cleanup has been going on... old electrical, alarm wires, plumbing - all cleaned up, made more efficient, moved out of the way. We also moved the hot water tank into the storage are and and took the opportunity to switch it from electric to more efficient gas. Surprisingly, since we were renting the tank from Direct Energy, making the switch (moving the tank, getting the new unit, drilling for the external vent) was free!
Ocean Park
A: No. I never use my name when booking a reservation, and I have credit cards in other names." Michael Bauer
tiny cages wrap
Cooking time + preparation time – 25 minutes
Mother shrugs.
The freshly cut glyphs show spalling chips around the outline of each figure , this is unavoidable when carving sandstone unless you have proper tools and running water.
And favorite character? Yeah, it's Iriya Tetsuo. Not just because he's a hottie, though that doesn't hurt, but because it's easiest for me to identify with his struggles. While everyone's trying to find their place, he does the best, I think, at keeping his feet on the ground despite the fact his role is the hardest. And he never turns his back on the people he cares about.
Any way I'd best get myself dressed, as my Daughter will be round soon to take me town.
CSATF/SP is a multi-mission institution that houses 5,981 inmates and employs more than 1,800 people. Opened in 1997, the institution houses minimum-, medium-, and maximum-security male inmates and provides substance-abuse treatment programs, academic and vocational education, and re-entry and self-help programs to prepare inmates for their reintegration into society.
Be back soon!!!!
I wanted to decoupage the top and create another catch-all box for somewhere in the house.
Publisher: Sentai Filmworks
Finally……so so so so so fiery that after being awarded a free kick for being tackled by a striker, he got treated by the Stuttgart physio, got up, grabbed the ball as if he was going to take the free kick, went to the guilty striker’s path, stamped on the striker’s foot intentionally, got a red card and went straight home without taking a shower in the dressing room.
Maison Martin Margiela set of four rose gold-plated knuckleduster rings.
Our friend Brenda had found two caterpillars in her garden, and passed them along to Corinne and Audie. Audie's didn't make it, but Corinne's thrived, and made himself into a little cocoon! I remember watching this process in elementary school, but I guess as an adult I appreciate it a lot more.
Me- "I can understand that, sir. You can afford a vehicle, I see."
Cooking Process:
Don't get me wrong we all know there is a time and place for play! I for one will take advantage of those situations every chance I get! What about you?!?!
- Those who are anti-vaccine and those who are not.
a hollow droning to the rain on the roof.
They were kind enough to open their door to me. Joel's parents, his brothers, his two sisters and his nephew share another bungalow in the same complex.
February 22 2011
Over the next couple of years he had a couple of releases on Blue Hen (Mountain Guitar) and Whirl (Stringbuster), before giving up music and moving to Texas, where he passed away in 2005.
Jesse: (Smiling sympathetically.) Oh God. (Rubs his face with both hands.)
Cake The distance
15. Burn Bridges
This was the first time I’ve ever created a fictional kingdom in one of my books, and it was huge fun. The only information I was given about Santosa was that it was ‘a small island principality off the coast of Brazil’, so the rest was up to me. A lovely couple of hours of cyber-tourism led me to the island of Fernando de Noronha and this became the inspiration for Santosa.
Because I am still working on Unheard and it's turning into rewriting the whole thing. Never doing it again. People say "I wish Morgenroth would turn her other horse book into digital format." Yeah, ain't gonna happen.
The words that would be describe my style are ………………………………………. sometimes shabby, sometimes vintage, sometimes simple and sometimes funky....if that's possible!
Lake of Fire by The Meat Puppets
The first goal of the game was also by the Capitals , when a sequence of beautiful passing led to a goal by Mike Knuble. Joel Ward, Keith Aucoin and Mike Knuble had a 3 on 2 break, after Stu Bickel made the mistake of giving up the puck at the blue line. Less than five minutes later, Jason Chimera put the Caps up 2-0. After Matt Hendricks sent the puck deep into the Rangers zone, Lundqvist left the crease to play the puck before realizing he wasn’t going to recover in time. Chimera sent the puck to the crease where Hendricks had the opportunity to backhand it in between his legs but failed to do so. Chimera continued working the puck until it eventually went in off the skate of Ryan McDonagh. Sloppy goal, but the Capitals did take advantage of New York’s mistakes. The Rangers would get on the boards within the final minute of the period, when Brad Richards scored during a 4-on-4. Michael Del Zotto and Marian Gaborik had the assists.
Stemware - Made in France purchased in Santa Fe, NM
My Friend’s Dad
If you are curious as to what I have been up to this week for my website, Someplace In Thyme, just visit my business blog Someplace In Thyme2.
The BBC have sacked Rob McElwee from doing weather forecasts. I didn't know about this, and no one asked me if it was alright to do it. It isn't. We all know that the weather forecasts are sometimes a bit wrong if not wholly fanciful, though I think they are quite accurate these days as it goes.
The frantic dance performed just after you've accidentally walked through a spider web.
We had another photo-shoot outside yesterday, and I pulled out the sheepskin that I am sure by now most are thinking -- what the hell is that fuzzy thing in all your photos? Well, it adds depth and it reminds me of feeling cozy and warm and safe. All things I find attractive and seem to come at a premium these days.
First a little history:
The G-Shock Frogman – A True Adventurer Wristwatch
Leaves fall into your bag.
Submissions are due by September 30, 2012, and must follow the Instructions to Contributors listed in each issue of the Review, on the RRPE section of the URPE Website, or available from the Managing Editor. All submissions are subject to the usual review procedures and they should not be under review with any other publication. We strongly encourage authors to send a brief title and abstract as soon as possible, so we can coordinate timely publication of the issue.
Now, let’s talk physics because we now can reveal some things, beautiful things, that are starting to occur in science and are starting to be seen and partially understood. What you have before you, the gentleman sitting on the floor, is Yawee. I know him well.
You would think that a food blogger would be crazy against meal replacement shakes. But these are so good and there are hundreds of recipes so I actually feel like I'm indulging instead of denying. I mean, how many people can say they had German Chocolate Cake for breakfast and it wasn't cheating?? LOL!!
We're all hooked, are we not?
I registered for the Michelle Bridges 12wbt a few weeks ago now. We are into Week 3 of the warm up season. Pre-season starts in just over a week. Each week of the warm up, Michelle has set us all a challenge. I haven’t managed to complete a single one. I really need to snap my head/brain into the right headspace. I know it’s for my own health that I’ve decided to do this. It’s so I can start reaching my goals. So why do I still find it so hard to start?
Most of the items were not mine (except the pickle).
“He is a very lucky man, to have you as a friend,” he said with a smile.
General astronomy questions, no matter how basic, can be asked in the greater Asterisk forums. Please do not send email to the address shown in the video. Unfortunately, I expect to move on to other projects and would like this project to run autonomously. I therefore ask that if someone knows the answer to an asked question, please go right ahead and answer that question. Please do not wait for me to answer. On occasion, however, I do peruse The Asterisk’s forums.
Then, hook up to your computer and drag your backed-up docs back on to the device. Voila!
Does cloud computing got anything to do with it?
Anyway... to continue the invitation talk, my mom and I were discussing the invitations the other day and she wants to know how I'm thinking of wording it. Her only concern is that she wants her name down instead of just my fathers. They are married. She just doesnt want to be Mrs. John Doe.
In response, several white men got up and declared the purpose of the movement was to be recorded and that having folks on video couldn't possibly have the ramifications that we had explained such as immigration sweeps or people losing employment or housing. Listening to these responses I was frustrated by concrete concerns being seemingly disregarded, but even more so at how privilege operates to convince individuals that their experiences within society are universal -- how security for some makes the lack of safety for others invisible.
Our hotel was in Times Square so we were fortunate enough to be sooo close to many things. First night we saw the excitement of Times Square, Rockefeller Center, Radio City Music Hall, and where they film Dave Letterman's Late Show. We decided to eat at Angelo's next to Dave Letterman's and experience our first New York pizza. The food was amazing! I ate pizza quite a few times while I was there and this was the best for sure! I almost forgot to mention the celebrities we saw!!! We saw Barbara Walters and Kathy Griffin at the opening of Evita and two doors down from our hotel we saw Rascal Flatts! Lol I was definitely not a smooth New Yorker in those moments! I was pretty excited!
The damage done to the brand in this particular instance may not be of much significance; the Oaksterdam University has stated that it will re-open immediately. But it drives home the very real message that cannabis is still illegal in the USA, and its governmental approval will not be gained through the guise of a taxable business, however much this ought to be rewarded in a capitalist society. It seems therefore that the war on drugs is far from reaching an end and the absurd contradiction between Federal and State law is still causing problems for patients and businesses alike.
½ tsp of baking powder
I like to play it straight when it comes to food. Sneaking spinach into brownies isn't going to make your kids spinach lovers. But, a few years ago Tim discovered this recipe for breakfast cookies in Missy Chase Lapine's The Sneaky Chef. (Some people argue Jessica Seinfeld stole the idea for Deceptively Delicious from this book.)
One of my character flaws (I promise you I only have two, maybe three max) is that I can sometimes come across as arrogant. I never feel arrogant on the inside, but things I say or do can sometimes make it look as though I am.
Paradoxically, however, we also need to see the whole geography, natural and man-made, to experience a peace; all land, no matter what has happened to it, has over it a grace, an absolutely persistent beauty. – R.A., 1974
And never breathe a word about your loss:
Me: Okay. 'Count' means kira. So, countable?
DJS SAMUEL VALENTINE AND JES LEOPARD SPIN HARD-ROCK, SLEAZE-ROCK, AND HEAVY METAL
UK Publisher: Universal Music Publishing
Wow. He sure picked the wrong audience. While his school ties and membership in France's ultimate old boy network might have worked on the natives, it only impressed me by its irrelevance. So chalk up one more difference in the cultural divide between the U.S. and France, now being exposed daily in press coverage of the Dominic Strauss Kahn affair. Americans may think the fellow who graduated from Harvard is smart or they may hold him in contempt for being a useless egghead. But buy a book of poetry on the strength of that association? I don't think so.
Happy stitching.
Massages
Today's LGPS (Local Government Pension Scheme) "Protect Our Pensions" Bulletin 16 from the UNISON Centre reveals the following;
Julie, 53, of Waterlooville, Hants, added: “Fifteen pups is too many for one mum. If Liliana wasn’t there I’d have to bottle-feed some.”
(Did mum tell you to send that?)
Mrs Perez fell pregnant shortly after giving birth to triplets – two girls and a boy – on November 4 last year. She and her husband already have a four-year-old boy.
Lucky mo-fos, that's for damn sure!
Unlike your ancestors who ate and still died,
I used to blame it on anything or anyone, other than myself. Until you made me realize that I’m the reason behind my misery. The only person that’s destroying me is…..me. The voices in my head have messed me up. I have messed me up. It’s unbelievably cruel what I do to myself. And now I feel so distant, so disconnected from my own body. I’m running on empty, and I’ve given up. Please just, let me stare into nothingness.
What “relevant parties” have Mr Miller and his team had “constructive discussions” with? Presumably in light of the Rangers fans opposition to the SFA as expressed in their march yesterday, they might not take kindly to Mr Miller sitting down with the SFA?
I know I am now really shy, but am I always going to be this shy or is it a phobia for which there are some treatments? I am considerably socially inept and socially anxious at most times, and when under observation that is what all the practitioners have recorded, but those sessions of CBT were meant to elevate this problem by making me more assertive in relationships, seeing problems, challenging them head on and dealing with them swiftly.
Communication between buses via 2 way radios was arranged so that stops could be co-ordinated, road conditions passed on and, most importantly, so that no-one would get lost. Two outta three ain’t bad. Green Leader (Guy) headed us along the Hume until the first Wangaratta turn off where he took the exit before Amber 2 (Prof) could get on the mike and say “DON’T!!” Silver Fox (Justin) had a big call to make; follow the Prof’s call or head off with the tear-aways.
No chance. The Americans are here to stay and as this becomes more obvious, so the first signs of resentment creep in. From the US point of view, they're going to have to work hard to stay in control and the best way to do that is to cash in on people's vulnerability and convince them they are still at risk and in need of 'saving'.
They have shops that serve soup in bread bowl, crepe, gelato, coffee, thai. They have food you can casually eat at the chairs and tables they have provided in the hallway, or there are couple formal sit down places as well. Occasionally you will find pop-up sample sales too.
If, like me, you always have tons of great gift ideas throughout the year - and then promptly forget every one of these great ideas in the run up to Christmas, then I'm hoping that my little gift guides might be able to help.
Levenger generally describes their various papers quite similarly in these regards, and while they all feel great and are indeed sturdy — I love how thick their papers are — they have proven to be incredibly inconsistent in performance and even appearance.
I didn’t know what to say. I took the books. Inside the bag was Emma. He had also included Fitzgerald, Wilde, Salinger, Dostoyevsky, Dickens, Gogol, Brontes, Verne, and Bradbury. My mom laughed at the load I’d been given because up to that point, reading was not my thing. I could comprehend (I have always blown away proctors when taking comprehension tests) what I was reading, could read quickly, but found no enjoyment in it. As a teacher, I think she secretly hoped that Mr. Cartegena’s plan would work. It definitely changed my life.
Add to that the vaguely worded warnings about an imminent terrorist attack, and no wonder everyone's feeling on edge and out of sorts. And the big black storm clouds that have been lingering in Parisian skies for days certainly haven't helped.
A mid-range migraine, cancered membrane
GM: We should have proper segregated cycleways. Not cheap, but neither were the trams. You can’t just paint in a little white line and call it a cycleway. You see a cycleway running along the side of the road and then you see a parked car.
parents coming home to find their child lying on the floor in a fetal position crying hysterically after being expelled from school, students attempting to defend themselves of false charges made by the FCS administration only to be declared liars, students facing suspension/expulsion for charges that are never proven, students being expelled over the phone, students hammered with Psalms and called prostitutes by a leadership bent on shaming with unproven accusations of sexual sin, students struggling with depression, and students given little or no opportunity for defense. One parent called this school year a "blood bath" when she referred to the six students who have been indefinitely suspended/expelled in the last few months alone.
Katheryn
More important, a short bibliography of helpful and supporting articles (available online, from academic databases and websites).
Espresso beans are simply coffee beans that have been pressed to make a specific type of coffee, known as espresso. Often, the beans are roasted to a darker level, giving it a more bitter flavor. This bitterness creates the flavor of espresso that many have come to love. Trying to choose an espresso coffee bean can be somewhat confusing. If you know the simple steps to choosing an espresso bean, you can easily fin the best bean for your coffee.
This is the same feeling I have when I think about attempting to communicate in Spanish with anyone else in the city. I realize I am in a place and a neighborhood that does not see many tourists. This means I cannot expect English to be spoken around here. When I vacationed in certain parts of Mexico that catered to tourists, I knew I could always expect some local vendor to speak English. It was a lifeline and I was happy for it. This is not the case here and I will have to deal with it.
Once I had covered the entire wreath with Easter grass, I began to glue down my eggs. I just put a big blob of glue on the egg and then pressed it firmly on to the grass covered wreath form. I slightly angled my eggs as I glued them all around the wreath. And I just kept on going until I ran out of room.
Calisto has no doubt Kate is the reincarnation of his lost love, but the Fraternidad Del Fuego Santo has a new watcher with dark ambitions of his own. As old enemies reemerge and a new threat arises, the betrayal that enslaved Calisto to the night might destroy the only woman he’s ever loved again.
Like the car that would pick her up. (Escalade Limo)
New queens are being reared in mating nucleus hives as shown in today’s picture. The queens emerge as adults on day 16 after rapidly progressing through the stages of egg, larva, and pupa. After waiting five or six days in the hive in which their reproductive organs continue to develop, virgin queens make mating flights. It is important that the queens return to their own hive; they will be killed if they wander into another hive. The beekeeper can help insure the queens find their proper hive by randomly placing the hives and altering the hives’ appearance with paint color and patterns. Hives here are pointed in opposite directions to allow virgin queens to orient toward a particular mating nucleus hive. After the queens return from their mating flights, they wait another five or six days while their reproductive organs continue developing before they begin laying eggs. Feeding the mating nucleus colonies throughout the two weeks of development after the queen’s emergence is important. A strong nectar flow also helps ensure the queens receive adequate nutrition during their development.
In the ability to achieve and complete
In Mavrix Photo Inc. v Brand Technologies (09-56134) (Ninth Circuit August 8, 2011), embedded below, the Ninth Circuit reversed a district court's dismissal of a copyright infringement lawsuit brought in California against an Ohio celebrity gossip website http://www.celebrity-gossip.net/ by Mavrix, the operator of http://www.mavrixonline.com/.
Then this happened:
it makes you appreciate the comforts of your morning ritual.
OU: This was one dusty set! Thank Ford for free bandanas earlier that day! I'm sure just about everyone at this one was drunk and/or stoned out of their minds. Non stop dancing and jumping and crowd surfing and all kinds of painted toplessness and glow sticks, etc. I just stood still, covering my nose, mouth and gear. I remember getting to the Other Tent a few minutes before Gogol started and already being tired enough to pass out then and there with the music blasting. Some people already had, one had to watch out for people sleeping throughout the grounds at night.
Michelle and I are out to dinner in Florida with a good friend of Michelle's. I nonchalantly say that we are going out on the boat and his face falls. He has known Michelle for a long time and he says "I have never seen that boat out of the garage!" and then proceeds to congratulate me on getting Michelle's dad to use the boat. I quickly correct him and say "I deserve none of the credit. This is all an example in the power of the grandchild!"
Atlas
We took one last video to compare to the first video and you can really see the difference! My hips are more open, my shoulders are more supported by being stacked over my elbows, I’m not reaching so far out to grasp the bars, and my back is in a more neutral position.
We high-tailed it down the M1/A1 to Newry, where we monopolised my sisters TV so we could watch the Bahrain race – which, she rewarded with a HUGE Sunday roast dinner fit for a king (but consumed by my parents, my brother, my sister, soon to be brother in law, Col and I, and my brother’s friend Marty). In short – it was HUGE!!
Reading back over this catalogue of disasters, I'm slightly surprised that a) I'm still alive and b) I haven't been tempted to seriously worry about my drinking and get my sorry (and bruised) arse off to an AA meeting, but there you go. If the options were sensible abstinence or occasional memorable days lost in a mad, laughing, sociable, alcohol-fuelled ruckus with the occasional battle-scar, I'd choose the latter every time.
In the fear of the LORD there is a strong confidence, and his children will have a place of refuge. The fear of the LORD is a fountain of life, to turn one away from the snares of death.
Of course, critics have pointed out that this would in no way be considered an acceptable argument in the context of domestic criminal behavior. Ted Kaczynski and Timothy McVeigh, for example, could not have been killed in an air strike without due process simply because arresting them was difficult.
Cause the earth rocks my cradle tonight and lulls me with sweet words
Anyway, the application was flawless, I used two coats and a top coat. Kiko is definetly becoming one of my all time favourite brands, for the quality of their products and the nice colour selection!
Screw those cars. Seriously. Take your shirt off. Take that thing off. Take it off. Right the hell now. Mom? Mom! Mom! MOOOOOMMMMM!
loyalty from the youths.
I laughed, at least (when I read it, that is; of course I wasn't there!).
Pylons to be erected with high-voltage wires strung over this site will destroy its unique connection to the very landscape it seeks to honor.
2/3 cup butter
One other amusing thing. There's a website which rates the readability of your blog. I plugged in my URL and got back the determination that it's:
And humbles in Iceland
Love Love
Visit williamsbrides.com for more information and to order tickets -- the price is higher if you wait to get them at the door on Sunday. After the event you can wander around Williamsburg, one of the city's hippest neighborhoods, or nabes if you're really cool.
The Schedule of Insanity, while fun and exciting, is not conducive to a completely healthy lifestyle. Shortchanging sleep ends in one result and one result only. A tired Jen is a grumpy Jen. And then.. a sick Jen. I haven't quite reached the grumpy stage, but I am definitely feeling the lack of downtime in this fast-paced life.
I came across Richard Gere in the street in the aforementioned St Albans while staying with the aforementioned Jo. Either St Albans is a magnet for gifted list-writers, or Jo is my special charm. The list itself is incredibly ordinary, but the paper upon which it appears is nothing if not extraordinary, being a fragment of a magazine feature about the Hollywood actor-stroke-hamster charmer. Never failing to make me laugh is a shot of Richard with a group of Tibetan men seemingly wearing chintzy lampshades on their heads. Verso, a caption explains that Rich is dancing with his mom, Doris, at the premiere of Yanks in 1979. The caption is in Serbian.
But since I've stopped the routine I had going in February and March, I started noticing that the bugs in my head were returning. It didn't take long for me to realize why from a very practical perspective.
Complex problems are associated with illegal aliens who commit crimes. Criminal aliens tend to be drug-oriented and violent, often preying on members of their own cultures. If deported, they frequently use new names to reenter the United States and establish residence in different cities.
Place the remainder of the Oreos into a food processor or blender. Pulse until fine crumbs are formed. Spread an even layer over pudding in flower pots. Garnish with gummy worms or fake flowers.
Here is the set now in my back yard
At £84.00 total, you are getting over 15% discount on our normal price – which already includes our standard 10% discount – of £99.48.
ready for roasting
Pabst Brewing Company / G. Heileman Brewing Co. Big Bear Malt Liquor
What makes this book different?
Card stock: Core'dinations (Colors); Gina K Designs (White)
Aristeu Queiroz Pajussara (Sinter)
The ground was cracked and crumbled. I carefully stepped around the piles of asphalt and dirt. I heard a voice say, ‘Be careful of the sinkholes.’
Today the issue is whether suction-dredge mining harms the fish and the water quality of the rivers. Nineteenth century miners didn’t worry about the Fish and Game Department or the Environmental Protection Agency. But writings from the period make it clear how much their mining changed the hillsides and rivers where gold was found.
I went to Christmas breakfast at my sister's house this morning and had about 1/4 cup of scrambled eggs, 4 bites of hash, 3 small bites of hubby's french toast and I was FULL.
Debt Offering 15
After some reading of wire reports, I think I got a handle on the shortage. Starting at the end of last year, there were reports of patients experiencing allergic symptoms such as difficulty breathing, rapid drops in blood pressure, nausea, and vomiting after single doses of heparin. In February, Baxter Healthcare Corp. issued a recall of heparin after many more reports of reactions including some deaths. Later Baxter announced they were suspending manufacturing. A couple weeks ago B. Braun Medical Inc. and American Health Packaging issue a voluntary recall as well.
The article ran in January of this year and at first glance offers a pretty impressive array of statistics about the power of marketing to women by using Facebook.
—Interview with Cynthia Leitich Smith
--Pedulla Ceramic Tile
2T soy sauce
Later, I got my bath and my salad and a little bit of the opening ceremonies. And, for good measure, I lit some candles and did a meditation and sat in quiet possibility for a while.
“Let’s see what we got here” the engineer says while walking towards the bathroom.
You'd honestly have to own more than one to really make any real money.
So here is the Lady behind all the tulle and ribbons:
Police officers almost never face a criminal trial for accidental shootings. A police officer in Framingham, Massachusetts, stumbled during a raid and shot and killed 68-year-old grandfather Eurie Stamps last Wednesday. The district attorney's office said the act did not "rise to the level of criminal conduct, and the shooting death of Eurie Stamps was an accident."
The winners have been selected and their portraits are now done and available now for all to see. I must say each one was great fun and it was especially nice to see what classes the three winners chose.
3. Get the other edge, and meet it to the center with the folded edge
In a country where we preserve our heritage properties, cherish the old relics and heirlooms, the living heritage is being so severely neglected and abused. Economic insecurity, loss of physical ability to work and care for one’s self, falling health, physical and psychological isolation , often the social and religious taboos play havoc on these elderly people. Sometimes there is a fear of losing the spouse and low self-esteem also makes them vulnerable.
“For example, some of the parables are little more than one-liners, brief comparisons stating that the kingdom of God is like things no one ever dreamed of comparing it to: yeast, mustard see, buried treasure secured by craftiness, fabulous jewelry purchased by mortgaging everything…Once again, they set forth comparisons that tend to make mincemeat of people’s religious expectations. Bad people are rewarded (the Publican, the Prodigal, the Unjust Steward); good people are scolded (The Pharisee, the Elder Brother, the Diligent Workers); God’s response to prayer is likened to a man getting rid of a nuisance (the Friend at Midnight); and in general, everybody’s idea of who ought to be first or last is liberally doused with cold water (the Wedding Feast, the Great Judgment, Lazarus and Dives, the Narrow Door).” (10)
As I said recently, I've take up yoga. (Time suck, but it's good for me, so it's allowed.)
For a diffuser to create downforce it needs as much flow to pass through the venturi as possible. Teams arrange bargeboards and other aero devices to build up a high pressure region ahead of the floor to ensure the greatest mass flow underneath. Its then down to the expansion ratio of the diffuser to pull that flow through. Last years blown diffusers improved the expansion ratio, but not the flow ahead of the floor. What Renault have done in to lead the exhausts forward through the sidepods (about 1 meter) in-between the chassis and the radiators, then turn the exhaust 90-degrees to point it down towards the leading edge of the floor. The exhausts gasses follow the curved leading edge and round underneath the floor. This accelerates the flow under the floor for more mass flow and hence more downforce.
The fact that no one had bothered to put in seats for the press also did not go by unnoticed.
So things stood for at least half a century. Then, in the 1990′s, a scientist at MIT made a startling discovery: the hand has two more fingers. Determined to expand the horizons of banjo picking, Dr. Greg Liszt began to experiment with what became know as— have you been paying attention?— the “four-finger” style. It is thought that it took an MIT student to figure out that he had all those extra fingers on his right hand because [REDACTED] and the lack of livestock near campus. Dr. Liszt has predicted, reasonably enough, that a five-finger style is bound to be forthcoming, but development of a six or seven-fingered style clearly must await further lab work.
…is hard -- against everything contrary – everything
3) Google Chrome (alas, I couldn't find a link to this one, so you'll just have to take my word for it)
down the smooth arch of her back
“You’re gonna love this,” Jack said.
We slept that night at the flat of my cousin Jenny Growdon, and talked to John Aitchison, who was till banned, and had been very active in campaigning against the blackspot removals until he was banned in 1965 (John and Jenny were married a few months later). We talked about the possibility of starting a Christian kibbutz or commune. The next morning we tried to see several people in Pietermaritzburg, including Peter Brown, the banned former chairman of the Liberal Party, but all were out. We went to Edendale to see the Anglican priest there, Fr Richard Masemola.
As more water flowed under the bridge from my departure from the civil service, I started feeling a little bit more confident at sinking my teeth into issues that I care about and things that alarmed me. When big business got too close was one such issue where I tore into proposals to give the biggest firms a ‘ministerial hotline’. There are some similarities with the concerns I raised about the London 2012 Olympics and sponsorship arrangements.
I have had friends … Killed in a Car wreck…. Coming home from a church service on a Sunday night… Who loved God and walked to the best of their ability to serve a faithful God…
I took this photo of the daffodils whilst on my daily walk around the park - just to cheer me up!
It's been exactly one year next week, when I was in NYC on the Gossip Girl Trip Win with my friend Belinda. We both feel in love with that place and we feel hard! I know I want to go back so badly! I have been entering every sweepstakes that offers NYC trip as a prize. In fact, I even went to Sephora on Thursday because they were offering a NYC prize in a promotion that was only open for three hours! It was also only open to their VIB (Very Import Beauty Insider) members, which I am. So I am keeping my fingers and toes crossed on that one! I would imagine the odds on that one are good, because of only having a three hour window open to enter and also only being open to a select group doesn't hurt either. The only negative about that night? I spent *way* too much money on Benefit cosmetics! I just love their make-up and I enjoy collecting the different sets that they come out with.
I’d like to thank you, your wife, and all the other teachers who share their gifting and talents. Most of the ideas I use that work in my classroom were borrowed from other teachers who have shared what’s worked for them. The songs you (and others) write for children help and inspire me to keep doing what I love.
1 Tb. hot sauce
UPDATE–March 28, 2012
Then in verse 18;
It got worse. I could smell poop in the living room. After 30 minutes of playing hunt-the-poo, I found it in a box. One of the moving boxes that was opened but not unpacked. ARG!!!
Till they ripped Time out,
An extensive study has found that the use of Tasers, once known as ‘non-lethal’ devices can cause cardiac arrest and death.
The hubby and I are really big on growing our garden organicly. We don't want us or our children eating any nasty pesticides or chemicals. I recently discovered Whitney Farms® which has a full line of 100% organic plant food and organic soil with no additives, nothing artificial, just ingredients from the Earth, designed to give you big, beautiful flowers and veggies. Get the goodness of gardening naturally, with Whitney Farms® plant foods and soils.
Furthermore, it helps us to see God’s hand in trials and circumstances.
The Sandlot is a great coming of age story and the adventure every man wished they had when they were younger.
Every year, thousands choose to come here and make Israel their home - it has been the way for centuries and more. This quiet truth that Israel is home. My grandfather only came once to Israel - he died before he could fulfill his promise and take me here. The first time I came here, at age 16, I was still in mourning for him and despite my sadness, I felt so happy to be here. It was the first time I felt, truly felt, that I had come home, to my home.
I thought I would reproduce some of those comments today. The amazing thing is that apparently all of these comments were written by people who actually make a living in marketing.
But it was Michael's sense of place that really made his writing so important to me. When MJ wrote about a beer, he wrote about where it was brewed and where people drank it, the look of the walls and the lay of the land, why the town was there and who the brewer's father was.
Be Helped
I also love Dolly Parton. There's nothing more satisfying than belting out "IN MY TENNESSEE MOUNTAIN HOME, LIFE IS AS PEACEFUL AS A BABY'S SIGH" at 7.30am when your kids are having a screaming row about their toast.
To enter, visit Boogie Wipes website and pick your favorite scent. Leave a comment below indicating your favorite. Comments close on Saturday, October 23 11:59 EST. Open to US residents only. Winners must respond within 48 hours of being contacted or winner announcement or another winner will be selected.
He makes me lie down in green pastures,
in this neighborhood,
I'm no doctor, but if I were I'd spend my time taping prescription-strength deodorant ordinance slips to your backs.
Altogether, the teaching model families create a way to help teachers to organize their learning environments and to help plan instruction to be effective and productive. We must remember that the goal of education is not just instilling knowledge into students but to also producing effective learners who can function in a social world. This requires a focus on not just direct instruction but to provide opportunities to develop in all realams. Understanding models of teaching can help to produce effective teachers who understand the needs of their students and help to create effective learning environments that encourage growth and productive learning.
I finally hit 40 pounds lost. I did not count it as 'real' until I weighed in twice over 5 days.
Uneven hem and twisted crossover back straps
Oscar Wilde said "Experience is the name we give to our mistakes."
There’s misunderstandings all over the place here – I leave it to my good friend Matt to summarise my feelings…
3) 1 Snatch @ 85% – rest 20 sec.
Unfortunately, while I was getting a fabulous night of sleep... Andrew had the very opposite experience. Zoe continued to desat all night, which led to lots of alarms going off. Hence, no sleep for the Mr. I know he has been swamped with midterms and the stress of school, so it really meant a lot for him to give me a night off.
I sure wished I had had this tool in my pediatric and adolescent office when I was working on art and healing projects with teens with body image destortions and eating disorders!
What a fabulous redesign! It's just perfect.How can you now have a great time out there, what with fielding inane questions from the kids?
but since they were much shorter than
Leaves! Green, green.
But, before we can get into that, a word or two is needed on a few terms of bearing. Using jail records to look at the relationship between race and the state requires I be clear about what I mean about those terms, and about criminality or crime as well. And, when we put those terms in to the shifting context of the period under consideration, I need to be clear that the things those terms describe change in the course of that period.
think about your soul
I met up with the lovely Lesley Lowe again yesterday and she brought over lots of wonderful donations for the needy for Christmas. She also brought these two lovely quilts to be donated and they will brighten the lives of two little children with a warm hug.
Our presenters will be speaking about their experiences creating radical spaces for education of children. Various examples of “free schools” and “autonomous schools” will be presented, as well as examples of home-schooling. Our presenters collectively have many years of experience with seeing children grow and thrive in spaces that encourage and value true freedom and independence.
The report discusses:
People come in every variety of cluelessness about author names and titles. An easy to say or spell name is no guarantee they won't get it wrong.
- R. Doumit struck out looking
In addition, we bring our judgements: good/bad, pleasant/unpleasant, love/hate and all the rest of them. Our identification with one pole and our reaction against the other the Buddha described as states of attachment or aversion which also keep us trapped in habitual patterns of thought, belief and behaviour, and are responsible for a great deal of the world's suffering and troubles.
The ribbon was red satin. The ink colors Old Olive and Real Red.
Here, as elsewhere in these parts, the road was perfectly alive with pigs of all ages; lying about in every direction, fast asleep.; or grunting along in quest of hidden dainties. I had always a sneaking kindness for these odd animals, and found a constant source of amusement, when all others failed, in watching their proceedings. As we were riding along this morning, I observed a little incident between two youthful pigs, which was so very human as to be inexpressibly comical and grotesque at the time, though I dare say, in telling, it is tame enough.
Today we went looking at ovens and cooktops and sinks, oh my!
Here are also the CSI Coordinates for this Case File. CSI Coordinates can always be found at the bottom of the reveal threads. Scroll all the way to the bottom, where it says "Attachments." They are just above the reply box.
Small is Beautiful
Registered Nurse = 4% of the work load (all done in a nice cozy office chair not to mention)
At the end of one axis pearly Mumbles bobs in a cornflower sea, while at the other Port Talbot steams in the sulphurous Sun. Between them curls the Bay, a drunken proscenium for the cast of local strolling players.
In the time it took to clear half the distance between the old farmhouse and the grandparents' home--a mere fifty yards--I had managed to regain most of my composure and had slowed my trot to a brisk walk, though still casting furtive glances over my shoulder, ensuring my rational self that all was good, all was well in the world, and that nothing had taken up chase. Crazy thought, I know, but it was one that occurred to me and I wouldn't be surprised if it had occurred to Jane as well, despite her outward calm demeanor.
capture my song
President Barack Obama addressed the nation tonight to cap off his weekend trip to Afghanistan and present a plan to end the war there.
Director of Technical Quality, GRS Group Bill Tryon is Technical Director for Global Realty Services Group, where he is responsible for due diligence standards for environmental, property condition and seismic due diligence as well as construction monitoring. During his thirty years in the industry, Bill has developed risk management policies and procedures for one of the world’s real estate lenders and has participated with governmental agencies to refine policies and requirements. Bill first became involved in environmental due diligence in 1988, before the creation of current industry standards. As Chief of Construction and Environmental Services for a major real estate lender, he developed independent standards for the completion an evaluation of environmental assessment activities. In the mid-90’s he became a founding member of the Environmental Bankers Association. As committee chair for various committees, he worked to assure an in-depth understanding of environmental issues across the membership. More recently, he has consulted with the Small Business Administration and Office of the Comptroller of the Currency regarding environmental policies, participated in the Environmental Protection Agency’s development of standards governing “all appropriate inquiry” and presented various topics at EPA Brownfield and other industry forums. During his involvement with the early development of due diligence standards to support early CMBS lending programs, Bill worked to refine broad industry standards to produce scopes of work more specific to lending risks, resulting in price reductions of nearly 40%. Additional cost reductions were realized by implementation of a “small loan” assessment. Bill’s ability to cut the fat away from standardized industry products helped control risks while reducing costs and creating a competitive advantage. In 1989, after California’s Loma Prieta earthquake, Bill became involved in the evaluation of earthquake risks associated with owned properties as well as the loan portfolio of a major real estate lender. Since no standardized approach to the evaluation of such portfolios existed at that time, he was forced to become familiar with the principles of earthquake risk assessment in order to develop appropriate corporate policies. As the market expanded, he extended his approach to portfolio analysis to include the evaluation of CMBS loans. It quickly became apparent that the industry and even many of the consultants involved in the analysis earthquake risks had a limited understanding of the variables which can significantly impact the conclusions of such studies. Bill adopted and defended criteria appropriate to a portfolio-level evaluation of risks which was eventually validated by ASTM International standards published in 2007.
The taxi driver spoke no English; we spoke no Mallorquí (local dialect) and our Spanish was very rusty (think decades). No need to chit-chat, however. In less than 9 minutes we were standing outside the bus terminal just minutes before our bus was to leave. Did I mention I was recovering from the flu and was having difficulty breathing? Amazing how humans can adapt when the need arises. We may have been a tad sweaty, but we made it. Sitting safely on the bus, we agreed that the taxi fare was possibly the best €20 we ever spent. Given the close call, we also realized that we might not have made the L211 bus if we’d caught the No. 1 bus out of the airport. I wouldn’t have thought I’d ever say, “Thank goodness we missed the bus!”
All the prize winners are randomly drawn and we also have a top 3 picked by the DT.
I’ve longed so for your flamed appearance
myths and legends
So here is a quick up date!
Skirt and softest cashmere jumper ever from Free People.
* Release any resistance to change. Change is the inevitable component of life that happens either with our approval OR without it. As we rides the waves of inevitable change with trust and faith, we allow for the expansion and evolution that our soul intended for us to experience in this lifetime. Any resistance to the flow of change brings unnecessary struggle that only serves to keep us frustrated and stagnant at best. The true beauty in life occurs when we ride the winds of expansion without the element of force or denial preventing it’s natural flow. Open doors cannot be seen until or unless we allow for them. It is in releasing the resistance that the invisible becomes visible and the unknown becomes known.
The Full Moon of April is usually called the Egg Moon. In Algonquian it is called Pink Moon. Other names are Sprouting Grass Moon, Fish Moon, Seed Moon, and Waking Moon. In Hindi it is known as Hanuman Jayanti. The Full Moon rises around sunset and sets around sunrise, the only night in the month when the Moon is in the sky all night long. The rest of the month, the Moon spends at least some time in the daytime sky.
I love the cream in their puffs, I love the serving size which is bigger than the usual cream puff and bigger than the usual pizza slice. I didn’t like how super chewy the outside was to the point that I was fighting a bit with my food. It wasn’t a huge struggle to eat them but my expectation was set by the menu board and their poster so I thought they were really going to be crispy on the outside. I’ll give them the benefit of the doubt though, because it was just soft opening and a lot of things aren’t really upto standard when restaurants are in their soft opening. I’ll definitely give them a another try especially that their shop, so far, offers the most number of cream puff flavors I’ve ever seen in one shop.
i am sometimes jealous of your gift of words, and sometimes relieved that i don't have it, you know?
I shall repeat it once and for all – any online encyclopaedia is to be used responsibly. However, the authors claim that it is not less reliable than other encyclopaedias, since it is dynamically created by scholars. Errors committed in articles are quickly corrected and the site grows larger and larger. It is also easily noticeable that names of well-known fathers of linguistics such as Chomsky or Yule appear frequently in the sources, alas the information does not come from nowhere.
I guess I’ve just been spoiled all my life by clothing stores in America that have changing rooms where I can take items that strike my fancy and try them on without any hassle. I’ve also been spoiled by being able to drive myself to and from the malls when the urge strikes me and not have to bother my husband - who hates to shop and hates to drive - to take me. I’ve also been accustomed to stores in the US which are generally open from 9am til 9pm or longer. And I’ve also been spoiled by the liberal return policies of most businesses in America that normally allow at least a 30 to 60 day grace period in which to return an item that I was able to try on there at the store before I bought it, but then later decided I wasn’t really that crazy about in the first place.
If, and I don’t know, the people involved are the dividing factors – perhaps we just need more, and more varied people involved to make a fantastic proposal come to life. Perhaps what makes this project work – whether it is based in a heritage building or funded privately by members of our community is just that.
The report includes findings from research commissioned from PricewaterhouseCoopers Australia on the likely drop in expenditure on Australian content if the current quotas were removed. It proposes obligations on ‘content service enterprises’ to support Australian content in one of two ways:
In an instant, the gun was out of his pants and he was taking aim.
I do a great deal of research for my books. There are always lots of small things that need checking – the time of the tides around Hayling for example. For HIDDEN I did a great deal of research into immigration and human rights, the political situation in Iraq and Iraqi culture in general. I also did some very specific research into Hayling history and made some wonderful discoveries. I love doing research and I am always adding to my knowledge of the Island and surrounding areas.
On to my card for your inspiration the team where allowed to play with some of our sponsors Meljen's images. I picked Peter Rabbit for mine and coloured it with my Promarkers. DP are mixture of Making Memories and Dovecraft. Used my M.S. Rabbit punch some twine. Sentiment is a Lili of the Valley clear stamp. Flowers are Mulberry flowers from my stash. Layout from Sketch n stash.
I swam a little harder today at the pool and I left feeling the need to shed my winter coat, my scarf, my gloves. Oh true, there is still time, a few weeks yet before we can properly greet spring, but there's no doubt...I can feel a little spring in my step as I move about today.
“Thank you, GB,” she said smiling coyly. “Fortunately I emptied my bladder into a thermos flask before we shot that scene. It gave me something to drink during the tea break.”
He said absolutely nothing...he just took his little pen...looked me dead in the eye...reached over...and scratched two marks thru the heart! Hmmmm...I guess I know how he feels about moving the stove, I might as well have said we need to move the house! HEE HEE! It made me laugh to see his face...he made up for it after...
You only come off as psycho-stalker chick if you send gifts, or more than one note.
My mom has requested a new bag to take to work--she works in a factory so I am going to try to find some heavy duty fabric that fits my mom's not-so-girly personality and make her a nice tote bag!
Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back
Imogen: Yes, and on my sign for recycling I'm drawing empty bottles and broken bathtubs.
*** SPOILERS AHEAD ***
Lance Strate, Fordham University.
These are some of the books, articles and podcasts that I use in my courses -
Anyways, down to business. We did have a sale over the Holiday weekend which made GreenTeaDAILY $39.99 per box. Equaling about .67 per drink. It did well, so we've decided to keep the sale going on throughout the Holidays. Stop in to one of our retail locations, or you can shop online and use coupon code "save20" at checkout. You do have the option of joining our Loyalty Program which allows you to get each box at $29.99/Month. New Years resolutions are right around the corner so let's get a head start by continuing to drink Green Tea. And remember, if you share GreenTeaDAILY with your friends and family this season we will share back.
A Most Merry Holiday to all of you! We wish you good cheer and a warm house, plenty of food to eat - that is all that matters, isn't it? We are dry and cold here - thinking of all the U.K. & European connections I have made and am hoping everyone is safe & warm with all the heavy snows and winter weather.
"Um, yeah just to inform you. Your judgment has been put under review by the FCAA (Film Critics Association of America). Please submit form 437b along with two essays on (1) the state of American cinema post 1977 and (2) the future of movie making. The board will be in contact with you to schedule a formal hearing after an oversight comittee has had an opportunity to review your submission."
... example of how the media lie. The image above is a picture of a muslim rioter at the Birmingham demo, but the Daily Star said in the article here it was a member of the EDL:
As for Pakistan, it's going to remain the same violent, corrupt Islamist hell hole it always was, with the added attraction of a civil war between various Islamist groups as the army splits apart into factions, with Pakistan's nuclear arsenal as the grand prize for the winner. You see, when Pakistan's powers-that-be got into in bed with various terrorist groups like the Haqqanis and Lashkar-e-Taiba, they thought they were going to be using them. Instead, they've made them strong enough that the Army isn't going to be either unified enough or powerful enough to take them on.
So it's that time of the year, you know?
Shop for jewelry, pottery, toys, art, clothing and imports.
I have a different explanation for the above. She asked a stupid question and the respondent sat there dazed and confused.
She’s Buffy’s mom, need I say more. Initially the thought was that no parents would be regular characters on Buffy. Fortunately they cast Kristine Sutherland as Joyce and let her appear regularly. This was particularly important during the high school seasons (1-3) where it created both support and conflict for the teenaged Buffy. The end of season two was a particularly strong moment for Joyce’s character, as she appropriately freaked out at the news that her daughter was a superhero. That felt real. Of course Joyce’s fatal stroke was the backdrop for a truly great episode of TV that dealt with loss.
Luke 22:61-62
There was an immense amount of goings on from last week through the weekend. At some point all will be revealed but for now enjoy this clip from one of last weekend's highlights, the 3rd Annual Fort Greene Fest. Mos Def Headlined a concerted that featured Res, Game Rebellion and hyper local talents Mr. Mecc, and Tai Allen, to name a few. There was also a ridiculously tone-deaf set by a certain local rapper who couldnt take a hint.
* a fire station with two garages and a tower (with tiny sleeping quarters, a lounge, and a command center)
I do believe that God is faithful and he will take care of me but I guess what I am questioning these days is if what I want and what God wants don’t match up?
“K” – Alright already.
Members at New Life Church are not quick to question God’s authority, said one young worshiper. So when a gunman dawns on the church campus and causes the death of two teenage sisters before being shot down by a church security guard, the church isn’t angry or in despair and asking God “why?”
Verdict: OMG NERF SO OP
In the 1989 show, I burned through an hour’s worth of energy in our 14 minute set. I was pacing back and forth like a caged animal, barking out our second last song – our cover of Steppin’ Stone (we still didn’t play the hard part). Those who know the Sex Pistols’ version can attest to this. There are a lot of vocals in a short stretch of space. So, I was already short on breath when I attempted the jump.
“He’s with a patient at the moment, is there something that I can help you with?”
Oh, for heaven’s sake. You’ve got to be kidding.
Market officially starts tomorrow, and even though it's a little, okay way late, I want to finally share my little invite. (above) Hosting Society Social is Acacia Home & Garden, a company that is more dear to my heart than you can imagine, and you can find a few of my bar carts in their beautiful showroom situated right beside the Pavilions. Of course if you're at High Point Market, and of course only if you would like to stop by.
It is absolute nonsense that our war was against blacks.
As His Honour pointed out, commemorating the accession is a day of mixed emotions. Not only do we celebrate our Queen's reign, but we also remember with sadness the death King George VI.
No, wait! I'll show you!!!
Werther is often cited as being Massenet's greatest work and you can see why - it's a magnificent score, opulently fragrant late romantic music, and just so wonderfully French. Colours and smells, enchantment, sentimentality, lightness, passion, indulgence. But there's a an air of seriousness and High Art to this score too, something absent in the rest of his operas, its presence probably explicable because its libretto is drawn from Goethe. Really though this is all pretence and wishful thinking - nothing could be further from Massenet's talents than Teutonic profundity - he is a genius of orchestral shadings, delicious suavity, finely delineated emotional states, ravishment of the senses. Behind the refinement and surface shimmer though there are always burgeoning erotic undertones, and like Strauss at heart he's all sensuality and sleaze.
Please allow me to introduce you the sweet Hélène from Cléonis, a talented knitter that I've met through the blogosphere. And here is her latest crime, this delightful cardi. That's she in her french provençal garden in the early may sun.
I'm sorry. I got completely sidetracked feeling bad for myself. Burger King and My Blog Spark actually sent me a $25 Burger King gift card to try out the new Burger King Family Bundle meals.
Register for the 7th Association for Southeast Asian Cinemas Conference (19-22 June 2012) to be held at the National Museum of Singapore. Registration is free, space allowing, courtesy of the Nanyang Technological University (NTU) Centre for Liberal Arts and Social Sciences.
We have just entered the second silicon revolution which will be transformed in the next decade or so with unstoppable solar energy superceding our dependency on fossil fuels for electricity and reducing global CO2 emissions. The only unanswered question is how many entrepreneurs will soon become solar billionaires.
and stereo, and iPhone, and iPod, and my laptop.
His strength was that he wasn’t willing to be swept along in any religious movement. He wasn’t gullible. He wouldn’t be easily deceived. The world needs people like that who can look at all the options and then make the right choices. They are not easily carried away on the spur of the moment. We see this in Thomas earlier in the ministry of Jesus, when Jesus told them that He was going to wake up Lazarus from sleep. He meant that He was going to bring Lazarus back to life. Thomas recognized that Jesus would be walking into dangerous situation.
Announced in mid 2011, Red Bull are now the official ‘factory’ team for Renault. With the success of the team and the Renault F1 team being rebadged to Lotus, This allows Red bull to take a more direct involvement in developing the RS27 engine and the exhaust mappings to maximise what is allowable in the rules.
we followed, planting the slips of trees,
the pick up, our shipper would be at your place to check on the present
Pocket (cover which must be stuffed with an absorbent layer) and All In One (absorbent layers and cover are sewn together) diapers are marketed to keep baby from feeling wetness to allow for a greater length of wearing time, similar to a disposable, but that is not our diapering style. For reference, most one size pocket and AIO diapers don't really fit well until the 9-10 pound mark and it can be nearly impossible to find one style/brand that will fit the variety of baby sizes in your family (ie. we had a pre-term 5 pounder, a football player 8 pound term boy, and a really scrawny 8 pound term boy).
Not long after we moved there the house was redecorated throughout with dark brown and cream paint which in those days contained lead. The smell really upset our stomachs in spite of bowls of water standing about to absorb it. The toilet was across the yard which meant in bad weather a mad dash so as not to get wet. Another problem was in the dark trying to keep a candle lit! Neatly cut rectangles of the E.D.P. were suspended on string on the back of the door. We took our weekly baths in the kitchen or scullery in a galvanized bath. At the beginning of the war a grand-daughter of an old lady who lived in a cottage at the top of the yard joined the W.A.A.F.s (Womens Auxiliary Air Force). When she came home on leave my mother used to invite her to use our bathroom. Mum’s contribution to the war effort! I hurriedly add this was after a bathroom and toilet had been fitted into the small bedroom or box room over the scullery!
It has been my experience that the addict is usually an accomplished con man, and the first person they con is themselves. Unless or until he can admit that he is a chameleon, he can not change it. I have noticed that when he has no one to play to, depression drove him.
Influence is a matter of choice. Values influence the choices we make. Creating workplaces or communities that foster trust requires foresight and careful planning.
Please email me at mariamindbodyhealth@gmail.com for more details.
On the other hand, and exactly as that grade school science film mentioned in our last post exemplifies,
The game also looks really charming. The sprites are cute and the idea of moving between foreground, midground, and background using the 3DS’ stereoscopic 3D ability is not only neat aesthetically, it makes playing the game quite interesting too. All in all, this demo really sold the game to me and I plan on picking it up when I have less things to play. Did anyone else try the demo as well? How did you like it?
Not Ireland. Not Greece. Not Portugal. Not Spain........
He/she must be a coach, talk to clients in a whole new way, focus on things much different from what he/she has been trained to discuss or share with clients.
The kid had (been forced to) memorize our home phone number.
This is going to be a huge post! We spent 4 weeks in Africa learning about the continent and its animals. I have tried to post several times, resulting in missing photos and lost posts as I click submit!
Of course, it’s never easy to tell what would look flattering without actually trying it on your lips, but I really didn’t want to put any of the drugstore aisle lip products anywhere near my face. I figured I probably shouldn’t buy that many though, seeing as how I’d never tried them before and didn’t know how they would perform. I decided to go with 412 Charismatic Coral and 112 Unending Kiss. 814 and 227 seemed similar to Clinique’s Creamy Nude and Smashbox’s Primrose, respectively – at least from what I could recall. And I didn’t think I was quite so brave as to sport such a bold red, so I skipped out on 312 as well.
3. Nothing much with respect to the title other than a few instances (The title is important because a Chetan Bhagat book is keenly awaited. And with a title like Revolution 2020, you associate something more than just rehashed versions of movie scripts)
When it comes to wooden posts, there is always the issue of water seeping into the grain of the wood which can cause cracking and splintering. There are also times when insects can burrow into the wood and cause further damage. When the top of the posts are not protected, your valuable investment can go to waste sooner or later.
PTI Cane Print impression plate
Compare that to Sainsburys Basics, now selling at £1.69 - or 7.4p per gram.
So the struggle continues. I am good during the day while at work, but when the evening rolls around it’s a nightmare. Last night was one of those crazy nights with too many things going on. So I had some sweet but not too much.
This is my $20.00 easel, and my plastic art storage stand that holds my pastels. I live in a very small house and do not have a studio space, so when I want to draw, I just pull up a chair to my easel and work. When I am not using it, it is flush with the wall.
Lexie: Lexie tries to get Derek to offer his opinion on Mark and Julia possibly moving in together. He initially shuts her down, insisting on the attending/resident dynamic (yeah, right), but in the middle of surgery decides to tell her that if she is serious about Mark to tell him that she has feelings. He circles it back though, insisting that if she’s not sure, she should leave Mark be, as he is happy with Julia, even if we, the viewers, never see it. At hour’s end, Lexie opts not to say anything. And… seriously… either have Lexie move on or say something, it’s been going on for way too long now!
Preheat oven to 425 F.
Marlene sat back in a recliner, propping her feet up, holy sneaker and all. “According to Peg’s book,” Marlene said, “we have to collect all the herb and resin ingredients and grind them together. They, and a special charm paper, go into the doll right before we sew it up. After everything we bought today, we’re only missing the Kyphi oil, which you rub on the paper, the egg shells from a fertile black chicken, and the cemetery dirt.”
Happy Saturday everyone!
"Yes, YOU, the boy with the soon-to-be-straightened tie, WHAT?"
Because both Amanda and Susan have ties to I Heart Faces, I thought I'd use the site's logo for some design inspiration. I modified the corners from rounded to square and added a 'flash'. My plan was to replace the heart on the lens with a daisy and place Amanda's logo on the lower right area of the cookie.
Whatever I did to the sheep would prove nothing. Being a vegetarian for me is nothing to do with maintaining some sort of imagined purity of body or action. For example, I'm sure I take in the odd bit of invisible lard. If I visit someone and they offer me a piece of cake, I don't ask them what they made it out of. At this point, another dinner-guest will pipe up that in that case, I'm not a really vegetarian. Give it a rest, please. It's like telling a Christian they're not a Christian because they go to dinner parties and indulge in gluttony.
Naomi xxx
It's just a reason for someone not to try
They’ve not been pulled into a dark corner and educated in a sepulchral tone. They don’t look particularly scarred or traumatised for being educated. It’s yet another of mama’s strictures and the taboo quality is something only we adults add to it. Can I be sure they’ll be safe after the rigorous awareness routine I take them through? Unlikely. But have I done the best I can, to protect them? I think so.
To see the logical conclusion of this cultural self-hatred, we need look no further than Britain, a country that has taught generations of its citizens the evils of its imperial history. Sure, the British were the first to abolish slavery, a major source of innovation in science and technology and critical defenders of freedom against Nazi Germany. But what’s more important is that British imperialism exploited foreigners.
Book bag, gift
Sending good thoughts to all my blog friends embarking on the A-Z Challenge. Have fun with it. I'll be visiting.
EXP Curve or Experience Curve is the rate at which this particular character will earn Experience Points in you game. If you click on the triple-dots (…) beside it, a new window will pop up showing you the stats for the EXP Curve. It will show you how many points your character will need to advance to the next level, and the second tab will show you how much experience points that character will have achieved in order to advance to any level listed here.
Setting up a MySpace page has been a huge surprise—it’s free and takes very little time to keep current. I’ve gotten lots of new readers who “friended” me, not necessarily because they’re readers but because they like wolves, and the title of my series is Wolf Tales. They’ve gone on to buy my entire series and even post my book trailers on their own MySpace sites. Plus, they appear more comfortable contacting me through the private message link on MySpace than they might through regular email. I like the direct connection it allows me with readers.
So there I sat at my desk thinking that there was no way I could handle working with her anymore. I was exhausted, tearful, verging on suicidal. My body had almost given up. I wanted out of my life. I could easily have just curled up in a ball and refused to move or speak. Let someone else take care of me if they want me in their life so much. I clock-watched for the rest of the morning. Each five-minute period more painfully slowly. I told myself to wait it out til the end.
And it's getting nearer
In a 9-0 voter, the state supreme court said the Mississippi Public Service Commission’s May 2010 approval of the project failed to satisfy state law and sent the case back to the PSC.
After making Light Whole Wheat Baguette I had some dough sitting in the fridge I wanted to use up and I didn't want to make more bread. I had read this dough can be used for pizza dough so I decided to give it a try. I had read on a couple blogs about Mexican Pizza and have been wanting to give try it. My pizza was very light on cheese. I would prefer much more. One time I put a little extra cheese on the pizza and Hasan took a couple of bites and stopped saying he didn't like it. So to make sure he would eat it I went easy on the cheese. He also has another condition that the cheese must be yellow. Once I tried to put mozzarella and he didn't eat it because it wasn't yellow.
Collaborating for healthy communities
Please contact me and let me know if you want the cocktail napkins or the guest towels and what initial you would like.
And yet somehow along the way, this is not enough, for some of us. We feel guilty if the kids have McDonalds or Hungry Jacks and feel the need to quickly say how the day before they had home made organic yogurt with fresh made granola followed by apples and strawberries picked from the garden.
mouth. And then I was halved,
Another thing you should research is any author/writing website you can join and use, either for FREE or for a very low price. But, look before you leap. Many sites will seem to give you exposure but end up being so limited it’s not worth it. They may give you a page and the ability to write a lot of material within your page, but the page doesn’t get posted or rotated so anyone gets to see it. People have to be actually looking for YOU before they find your page. Or, they give you a fairly good price to get in, but then anything you want to do costs more, or the annual renewal fee gets you. If you are able to spend $500-600 for a yearly site fee, plus several hundreds to renew it each year, how many books are you going to sell to pay for that?
Once all the paint was dry on the all the individual pieces, we were ready to move them out of our way so that we could start working on the desktops. We spent quite a bit of time brainstorming on how we wanted to do the tops. We originally wanted to take a couple boards and kreg jig them together but after Aaron came home with some Red Oak Purebond (for the sides which still had to be done but aren't too interesting), I realized that the grain of it would be nice for a stained desktop. So the plans changed again. Even after all that talking/planning/measuring we did.
Fourth, I tell them about how they can get leads, tools and education for their business.
It is soooo cold out, that BG just had to have matching mittens with her pink zebra dress which will go perfectly with her black overcoat. I took her hands, put space around them, and then cut around it... used that as a base for the mittens. I cut four Cut out some fleece for the inside. It looks very cute.
The dough can be used for cinnamon rolls, add lemon zest and nutmeg to the dough and roll out into one or two rectangles, spread with butter, brown sugar and cinnamon. Add some raisins if you want. Bake at 400 degrees until lightly browned. Top with a powdered sugar glaze.
Animism is completely compatible with science, reason and logic. This is the default human spirituality, hard-wired into our brains. And it does not simply mean that one anthropomorphises every little thing, but that one understands why we must anthropomorphise things like the Mother of Nature.
We saw an AMAZING speaker...I don't say that lightly...we have had some good speakers and some not so good speakers through out my career at conferences and meetings.
Spam hit the Wordpress site almost as soon as I put it up. The first-comment-approval system catches all of it, other than the bits the spam-filter takes away. Spam is platform-independent unfortunately, no matter where you go, the spammers follow. I'll keep an eye on the Wordpress spam filter in case it gets over-zealous!
I wear that title proudly. When someone asks me what I do, I’ll say I’m an artist. I won’t qualify that statement by trying to explain what kind of art, or how much (or little) I’m getting paid.
2) Some men are not blessed with great skin and age faster than others, a little color helps.
The end result? FABULOUS!
…to be super annoyed that our company took all of our old chairs and replaced them with new, “stiff” chairs. Blahhhhh.
I confess that the only inspiration behind wanting to watch today’s movie was to shit on it. I feel like it’s been a while since I really got to ridicule a movie for how bad it was since it seems people have actually been requesting movies that they genuinely want my opinion on, as opposed to movies they just want to punish me with. But I need to watch a piece of shit every now and then. It builds up my immune system. And it’s a lot funnier when I hate the movie and can give you numerous reasons why. When I saw today’s movie was available in a RedBox, I reserved the shit right out of it. So let’s get into a movie that you all may have seen commercials for, but were all probably well aware of the fact that you didn’t want to see it. This movie is Hop, written by Ken Daurio, Brian Lynch, and Cinco Paul, directed by Tim Hill, and starring James Marsden, the voice and physical form of Russell Brand, Kaley Cuoco, the voice of Hugh Laurie, the voice of Hank Azaria, Gary Cole, Elizabeth Perkins, David Hasselhoff, and Chelsea Handler.
–Part 3 of the beginning. Again any feedback you can provide would be appreciated. Thanks for taking the time to read it.–
It’s these scenes in the middle where Hill is at her most interesting, as her disapproving glance at Stark says more about her than all that running and driving and shooting in the action sequence because it could be anyone running, driving, and shooting, but here on the Helicarrier, it can only be Maria Hill.
“You get the top bunk,” a voice said from below. Olivia could not see the face at first, but the voice sounded familiar. It was Andy. Oh my God.
There are times when I might tell people a little bit more about myself and let them in. Afterwards I usually feel like I have a bad taste in my mouth -- a combination of scared and upset (light). You´ve read Asimov´s The Naked Sun, right? I think I´m becoming a Solarian.
What follows are some recent examples of savage genocidal Black-on-White racism, stories you will never see on TV. After reading these stories you should ask yourself if it is merely crime and why they are not shown on the 6 o'clock news alongside this story about the racist White students.
But I don’t even see newspapers scattered about in coffee shops or pubs anymore, so what’s to pick up?
In Greece second place went to Olympic and World Champion Shelly Ann Fraser in an outstanding 10.89, yet she was barely in the picture! Such was Jeter's dominance in this race. Out well, but still behind Fraser who typically owns the start, Jeter began a drive at 30 meters that never ended as she blew past the field and simply kept going to the tape. With nary a waver in her stride she eclipsed and outstanding field - leaving the 5th (Fraser) and 7th (Kerron Stewart) fastest women in history looking very mortal in her wake. In short, Jeter's performance was nothing short of Boltian in nature!
3. When you get hungry, drink water first. Your body has a hard time differentiating between thirst and hunger. If you satisfy your thirst first, you will be less likely to compensate and overeat.
Dallas vs Miami 2:30 ET on ABC
‘Because I’d done two or three projects in a row that were quite serious, maybe I just needed to get that out of my system. All I wanted to do for this album was just to have fun and do something really up. It’s about wanting to go out in the physical world and experience stuff.’
Please feel free to leave any additional good sources in the comments. Meanwhile, I offer my solidarity to the stateless Bidoons of Kuwait, and hope that the government and the Kuwaiti people will see the light before anyone else has to get hurt.
So coming back to our opening scene above from Porridge – if you are a buyer and you believe that prices will drop by 13.4% in 2011 and 14.4% in 2012 and your seller also believes that to be the case, then like Norman Stanley Fletcher you might go through the motions of having a negotiation but the terminal price is going to be a price which reflects the drop in prices over the next two years. And if there is no such bargain, the market will freeze and there will be practically no transactions whilst we all wait for the bottom, and if we do have that type of distorting behaviour – waiting for two years for prices to hit the bottom – there is the risk that prices might drop even further if there is a supply glut during a short period. So it probably is the case that Governor Honohan has given buyers a green light to demand a 30% discount on current values and if you’re not getting a 30% discount, then as a buyer you are being done. It’s worth remembering that there is an adverse scenario which projects a 32% decline in the next two years.
I said one week, feed for the cow, one week, the children's flour.
Shortly afterwards, three Israeli jets dropped bombs only 250 metres from a UN convoy on which I was travelling, blasting a house 30 feet into the air in front of my eyes.
Frost clings raw to the iron-clad earth. The sun rises, ruddied
I don't care if you don't have a faith to follow.
Horns sounded a loud blare from off in the murky mists and soon countless silhouettes began emerging from the fog. The first wave had seen an onslaught of more than one hundred skeletons and their ilk–but here the second attack set hearts to sink as an apt remark was aired among the group: first came the quantity, now came the quality. Skeletal champions marshaled forth long lines from every direction, shouting jeers at the besieged adventurers as further horns were sounded.
b) post about them
Increase the oven temperature to 400 degrees. Slather the ribs with BBQ sauce and lay them on a baking sheet. Put the ribs back in the oven for just about 10 minutes so the sauce can get a bit charred. Alternatively, you can cook the sauce-covered ribs on a grill or in a grill pan.
It is a risk. If we don’t reach the goal, we will not get the money at all. And, honestly it is scary. But the good thing is, that my believe that we will reach the goal is bigger than my fear that we will not.
Hopefully this will help you to make the difficult decision on who to see when you are there. And if you aren't going, this will help you to familiarize yourself with some of the rockabilly bands that you might not know yet.
Maybe it's the ferocious heat.
You will feel so violated that you will run to your next appointment and immediately call your mother. Your mother will not answer the phone because she is out having margaritas with her brothers and sisters – your great aunts and great uncles.
Stamps: Sailing Away, Teeny Tiny Wishes (sentiment), Happy Birthday (inside sentiment)
"A glass of red wine please," I smiled
Officials say Sean McGuire, a student at Drake University, was arrested early Sunday at a convenience store. He allegedly threw several M&M's at a Des Moines police officer, who was investigating a hit-and-run accident involving an intoxicated man.
i just saw this online and can’t even believe it it’s real life. in a society that glamorizes eating disorders, this is beyond absurd and repulsive. this is, in so many ways, condoning being sick and making anorexia into a fashion statement, forgetting that is a cruel, unforgiving, and often fatal disease. what trend is this?
Regardless of what form of transport I choose, ultimately a backpack is still a viable last recourse. In a worst-case scenario I still might need to walk to my destination.
Back to struggling, it's my process.
My kids rolled their eyes at me and starting doubting their decision to let me join their band.
Then, Patrick said irritably, "No, it was ME."
Finally, why are Thornbridge doing this?
Christian Recovery leaders—participants in the International Christian Recovery Coalition, (www.ChristianRecoveryCoalition.com)–will come from the United States and Canada to share their programs, plans, and efforts to enhance recovery from alcoholism and addiction by reliance on the power of God. They will meet and speak in workshop fashion at His Place Church in Westminster, California, Friday, May 18 and Saturday May 19. Members of the public who believe, or wish to learn how, these maladies can be cured by reliance on the Creator are invited to register and attend. The Conference will emphasize the way early A.A. pioneers were, in their Akron A.A. Christian Fellowship, cured of alcoholism with God’s help in the 1930’s. All participant leaders and speakers are recovered, Christian alcoholics or addicts—with long term sobriety–who utilize “Old School” early A.A. First Century Christianity principles and practices in their respective Christian recovery endeavors.
Yep, all the time. Gone are the days of the normal reaction of ‘oops’ or ‘I cocked up there’ (did they even exist?). Now, it’s the end of the world if I make a mistake, or if something goes wrong. I recently ran an event, the whole day was a complete success, and I was thanked by many people for all the work I had put in to make it run so smoothly. There was, however, one small error that I made, and I tortured myself for days over it.I forgot all about the positive feedback that I had recieved – this one small error led to a long period of suicidal ideation because I clearly wasn’t good enough to be allowed to live any longer.
This article does not suggest that our post office branch will be closed. But with our branch having been up for sale for a year or more, and knowing that the USPS is looking at closing maybe thousands of locations, it is fair to ask whether our branch could be one of them. Our mail carrier, who works out of that branch, indicated that there seems to be a concern at that branch that if it can’t be sold, the building will be closed. Revenues apparently might not justify keeping it open, or so goes the thinking.
Don’t gaze into your heart,
Misinterpreted words gave birth to
During a three-month Pastoral Ministry Course in Dublin Ireland, in 1975, I met a Father Michael Hollings, a priest-lecturer from London, England. He impressed me the most of all the thirty-two speakers I listened to. His constant theme came across like this: Spend time with the Lord before the Tabernacle: He is passing by with His healing graces, gifts of encouragement, peace and love – the same Gentle Person of the Gospels. Again and again, as I heard his words, the painting from the seminary dining room occupied my thoughts.
It’s been completely ignored that Gerard Bond was able to show more than 10 years ago that the last 10,000 years have been characterized by a global temperature roller coaster that runs up and down in sync with solar activity (Bond et al. 2001).
just north us, this beer is smoked. My brothers
It all started on a Tuesday, driving to College Station.
This adoption process, although in the same country Zoya was adopted from, was vastly different. We had friends, The Woods', which made the 3 weeks there so much less lonely. For Zoya's adoption, we spent 3 weeks alone in a tiny village in the middle of nowhere. We needed that experience and looking back I'm glad God gave that to us. For Mila's adoption, we were in the center of a city with lots to do and see. We got to experience so much more of the culture this time around, which I am grateful for. The process and legalities of things seemed to be easier in so many ways this time. The entire three week trip this time, I just kept saying, "I can't believe how different things are this time around." The region we were in had a lot to do with how different things were.
CN: Shop in the small designer boutiques; it’s not that expensive and you can find some really good stuff. Also you can be sure that you won’t cross someone else in the street wearing the exact same T-shirt as you, unlike when you buy something from a chain store that mass produces everything. Plus small Colombian designers usually try to integrate typical images that come from our cultural heritage that all us Colombians can identify with.
Here's the Garden of Eden... Doesn't it look GREAT!!!!
Inside the fire is raging under the hot metal plate. Outside the sun is blazing over the endless green fields sown with rice. The temperature easily reaches 45°C everyday. Like clockwork they walk from their houses to work in this communal kitchen. Each one takes her place next to the fire. There is no complaining, only a resolve to do what needs to be done.
And then you start wondering if the disease can be beaten at all. And you start wondering if the town deserves it. There’s definitely something very final about the plague. As it spreads unchecked it seems to devour more than just life. As you search for the answers you need to beat this sickness, the sickness seems to be eating the very civilization from the town.
enlightened Catholicism and look with bemused pity and compassion on
To how close this war may be the FSB in their report states that it will be “much sooner than later” as the Americans have pre-positioned in Iraq nearly 2,000 of their M1 Abrams main battle tanks, have pre-positioned another 2,000 of them in Afghanistan, and between the Middle East and Asia have, likewise, put into these war theaters tens-of-thousands of other typed armored vehicles. This should be a grave cause of concern for Pakistan.
I was one of those people who did not have their 2011 elite badge, and I was surprised at first. At SXSW 2010, I spoke at a core convesation with Addie Broyles about how review sites were changing the restaurant review landscape. As Yelp was just slapped with lawsuits, it quickly became Yelp-centric. I stood up for the Yelp community (the users), and I gave my unbiased opinion about Yelp's role in the restaurant reviews. I still think that they had a genius model. Before community became a buzzword, they were building them. Yelp was one of the first websites that hosted in person meet ups. I wish I had thought of that and executed as well as they did. Anyways, after my post about how they were destroying the community and my voice in the social media world, Yelp was displeased and did not renew my elite status as well. They didn't give my the axe after the blog post, when I was expecting it. They waited four months later. That portion of Yelp's Corporate email to me read:
Few epitomize the stretch for stardom in India more than the 70-year-old Rishi, who changed his name from Har Prakash to Guinness in case anyone had doubts about his obsession.
We usually think of quinoa as a grain, but it is actually the seed of a plant with the scientific name Chenopodium quinoa. Not only is quinoa high in protein, but the protein it supplies is a complete protein, meaning that it includes all nine essential amino acids. Not only is quinoa’s amino acid profile well-balanced, making it a good choice for vegans concerned about adequate protein intake, but quinoa is especially well-endowed with the amino acid lysine, which is essential for tissue growth and repair. In addition to protein, quinoa features a host of other health-building nutrients. Because quinoa is a very good source of manganese as well as a good source of magnesium, folate, and phosphorus, this “grain” may be especially valuable for persons with migraine headaches, diabetes and atherosclerosis. There are many other health benefits that quinoa offers including helping with the prevention of cardiovascular disease, cancer, diabetes, gallstones, and childhood asthma as well as increasing antioxidant protection.
when i was in vermont last month, this light bulb suddenly switched on. there is an innate resistance to expressing need; and not in the annoying, selfish way, but in a genuine, heartfelt way. it seemed burdensome. i was afraid of abandonment upon someone hearing that i needed something from them, and only them. and then, i would fulfill my own ill-fated prophecy by pushing them, being brute and passive aggressive, instead of honest and vulnerable.
Last Friday, Trisha, Emily and I ate out at Big Mamou-great Cajun food! Em is a rather shy young woman who giggles easily, while Trisha and I are old hands at hanging out, telling stories and laughing over a good meal and a drink. It rained when we arrived, then the sun blasted out. We giggled a lot and had a great time. I like nothing more than enjoying a good meal and drinks with good friends!
The real value of the Primer Residue test is that it can associate an individual with a firearm. It is important, however, to note that this does not identify that person as the shooter. Primer residue can settle on any hand placed near a weapon as it is fired. A person can pick up the residue simply by handling a dirty weapon or discharged ammunition components. - (Sourced from Gunshot Primer Residue – The Invisible Clue)
In my internal spiritual journey...a search for me, if you will, I have spent many hours reading a wide selection of books and watching documentaries on the subjects of atheism, metaphysics, spirituality, and the origin of religion. Knowledge is power and as it is said.."take what you can use and leave the rest."
I couldn't help but ask her how and why they got the tractor. It transpired that they have some trees to shift. As well as that, it's a top notch way to get to the pub. No camera I'm afraid, which is a crying shame, as I can't show you the kid on the tractor as I'd like to.
Hope you like what I stumbled across today. Have a great day today everyone!
If you are using BPM (or SOA) and you are not using any of the B2B functionality, then you might want to consider disabling B2B on your SOA managed servers. There are a few good reasons for doing this:
Again, I’m 24, with two kids. A 5-year-old, and a 1 year old…and i have the one piece of advice that i believe every new mother should know to stay sane! (if that’s even possible with a new-born)
Eleanor Friedberger: Last Summer
never ending thirst for barrels of sweet ale
“Yes, he’s my boss.” Gunther’s deep, sea green eyes darted back and forth.
Savard: Absolutely.
If you see something on this blog that you want to buy there is a good chance I will sell it, depending on where you live.
The law of doubt and unbelief
The mother praised security company ADT and Netcare for their swift reaction, but added that she found a cigarette butt and cartridge on the scene when she cleaned up late on Sunday afternoon.
Just after the turn to the 21st century I saw a vision of a web of light energy spread over the earth as seen from above the atmosphere. There were brilliant centers of light that pulsated with life and weaker fainter spots connected with less vibrant threads. I sensed the brighter lights were light workers and their prayers and energy would ignite the fainter lights resulting in a brilliant net of light energy overlaying the earth like an intricately woven spider web or lace shawl. Today, I ask each of you to connect your light with the Net of Light as The Grandmothers instruct with prayer and love to help heal and balance the earth and all our relations. As the Hopi Elders said, "Now is the time, and we are the ones we have been waiting for."
Ah yes Rhyl: that wonderful English town without any vowels in it.
We both chose the young cockerel for our main course. This dish (per person) consisted of two large breasts of cockerel and a cockerel leg served with green rice, avocado salsa and a paprika source.
(This is from the finished piece on the previous post. I'd planned to post it then but chose to whine a bit instead. )
This Week In the past week Israeli forces staged four nighttime raids into the village of Nabi Saleh, arresting three, two of them minors.
"Like when I'm 32?"
The Queen, last bastion against this marauding, corrupt, and incompetent government, busily selling off out national assets to its carpet-bagging cronies, is apparently asleep at the wheel – or simply doesn’t care that they have no mandate for, well, anything, having merrily signed away the NHS her father signed into being in 1946, and consigned as yet unquantified, but huge, numbers of sick and disabled people to penury now and in the future, by rubber-stamping the Welfare Reform Bill.
For a long time, I didn’t buy or make Valentine’s cards for our kids to give out to their class. My eldest son didn’t care or ask for such things until he was older (and could do it on his own), and I always thought it was a bit silly. Why would a 5 year old send a love note to anyone but his family? And at our kids’ school, if you’re going to send a Valentine you have to send them to everyone in the class. I understand the premise (no one gets left out), but it’s always seemed like a bit of a landfill issue to me. What do you do with all those slips of paper covered in Spiderman and Iron Man?
Words were but wasted breath;
Why or why not?
Contact me at kailey.jensen257@gmail.com if you have questions or want more information, would love to talk to you more!
Any agreement that the parties agree upon the compensation according to the first paragraph of this Article shall be granted and allowed.
“When harsked hennyfink as to the function hov an object,” the old boy replied, “Simply say ‘That, aircraftsman, hizz designed for lightness and heaze hov manufacture’”. My father said that this gambit never failed.
Green chillies - 4 to 5 slit lengthwise
Edward
I would see their faces by my graveside
Everybody wants to eat healthier, better foods. But the trend in supermarkets is buying fruits and vegetables that have to be transported over great distances to reach them. This requires that crops be harvested very early—before they have reached their peak of ripeness. This drastically reduces the nutritional value. Not only that, but many fruits are sprayed with wax coatings or other preservatives to help them to retain their shelf life. These chemicals are harsh and further diminish the nutrient content.
1/2 TEASPOON OF KOSHER SALT
They are really excited because their group has double the boys than girls.
"Unlike myself, Brian wasn't exactly a volunteer, but he takes his responsibility seriously; he's overcome the doubts of his past and a tendency for impetuous action to become the UK's premier hero."
I believe I've read all of the McNally stories that Lawrence Sanders wrote. After he died, the series was taken over by someone else, but I haven't had the heart to check them out. Maybe someday. As it is though, Archy McNally is hands-down one of my favorite characters, and these books are always good for a laugh.
(A letter to the former SPD Chancellor, later defeated by Merkel)
I admit it, I’m not the best at being on time for things. Sometimes I think time conspires against me. I swear there have been times when victory is at hand and then out of nowhere the clock skips ahead like 10 minutes. I’ve never been what you would call “punctual.” I’ve managed to squeak by with close enough more times than I can count, especially when it’s a work appointment, meeting, or even (gasp!) speaking engagement. Yes, when I am the speaker.
Stylist and I have decided that we are having a two-tiered cake to cut and then we will have sheet cake served to our guests. Yes, the same amount of cake is being provided but it’s cheaper because you aren’t paying for the tiers and decoration. I also love this idea because so often guests are waiting long after dinner to receive their cake. This way, your dinner and evening can flow with no interruptions.
The Iowa Division of Criminal Investigation and the Federal Bureau of Investigation are assisting Iowa City police with the investigation.
Ben- "You were a great number one, Hugo."
Then, the dancing began! We hired DJ Toad all the way from Cincinnati...because he is just that good...seriously! We had a ball and danced for hours!
Should our power by any fatality be withdrawn, the commission believe that the government of the Philippines would speedily lapse into anarchy, which would excuse, if it did not necessitate, the intervention of other powers and the eventual division of the islands among them. Only through American occupation, therefore, is the idea of a free, self-governing, and united Philippine commonwealth at all conceivable. And the indispensable need from the Filipino point of view of maintaining American sovereignty over the archipelago is recognized by all intelligent Filipinos and even by those insurgents who desire an American protectorate. The latter, it is true, would take the revenues and leave us the responsibilities. Nevertheless, they recognize the indubitable fact that the Filipinos cannot stand alone. Thus the welfare of the Filipinos coincides with the dictates of national honour in forbidding our abandonment of the archipelago. We cannot from any point of view escape the responsibilities of government which our sovereignty entails; and the commission is strongly persuaded that the performance of our national duty will prove the greatest blessing to the peoples of the Philippine Islands.
Click cover for author website!
In purchase to comprehend about rakeback, it’s essential to know the which means of rake. Rake may be the commission charge taken by the casino where poker is played. The poker player plays poker in opposition to every other and also the home by which poker is played doesn’t wager towards the ball player, therefore the casino doesn’t make any funds. To be able to create some dollars for that casino, players are charged a set percentage of charges, that’s called a rake.
Once everything is almost done you could go ahead and get the tortillas ready. I use my spray bottle of oil and my cast iron skillet to heat up corn tortillas on medium high heat. I think they taste so much better than microwaved corn tortillas, and I don’t believe in microwaves anymore since they make everything mushy so get out that skillet!
You don't want coffee or tea. You want sleep...blessed sleep...
They have earned, and fully deserve, the respect, appreciation and admiration of the American people, who owe their American way of life to the willingness of men and women to go into harm’s way to protect it. And they have earned the pay, medical and other veteran’s entitlements that are within the contractual agreement that the American people have made to them through our nations laws. And they have earned the right to be proud of having served and sacrificed for a greater good, for their family, community, and nation.
Recycling is a great way of getting work done, making people happy and also, of improving your own work. You get a chance of over thinking work you’ve done earlier – what a great chance to master a topic.
Okay, rant over..
Limitless
See you later,
The Ooks of Hazzard--Kids
April 2012:
All of which is to say, hopefully we’ll get a Nice Smile LP soon.
Kostya checked his radio. It was still off. His brows furrowed at the switch. No. No it was coming from ahead of him. Kostya bounded over the rough floor. With his next step, he felt his weight increase. Another landing, and his knees ached with the extra poundage of his heavy suit. Another landing and a sharp pain surged up through his heels. But Kostya moved forward, uncaring.
Let’s pause for a moment and do some quick math.
“Have you ever received specific information about how the Draco-Hydra reptilians influenced/worked with those of the “dark agenda” groups (Illuminati, Masons, etc.) here on Earth?”
Twitter Ye Not - The Eiffel Tower
Drenched with fragrant unguent
No matter how nervous I might have gotten before a performance, never was I as terrified or intimidated as I am sending out e-mails to my favorite authors asking them to read my work. I agonize over every word when I send out my request worried that I have gushed too much or haven’t been glowing enough about their work. More often than not I assumed the writer I am querying won’t have the time to read my stuff. I mean, we all have deadlines. Big name writers have BIG deadlines. They don’t have lots of time to spend on reading other people’s manuscripts.
The recommended amount of water per person per day is a gallon. A gallon of water roughly equals 8lbs. Three gallons=24lbs.
How do you score? What do you think of this quiz?
All the Folding Chairs You Want. Find Folding Chair Bargains Here!
I, her lover. Both her responsibility and her hobby. Her documentarian, her keeper in her hall of records and her best friend. I hold her stone fingers in my own flesh, provide her warmth with the fluid in my veins. My lens the only to sculpt her form. My tongue, the only to whisper in her celestial ear, to shape the stars of her colossal orgasm, and her faith in my kind. I miss New York.
Does anyone have any tips on writing the listing blurb pleeeezzzzz
If we strive to rise above the temptation of our flesh to embrace the negative, often ugliness that beckons at our tempers and tongues when our emotions are high, then the world will see that difference, that empowerment from on high, to love and respect one another. Even in the bad times.
Well I can't think of a better place to spend a Gotcha Day than the beach!
JOY OVERLOAD.
1 package of whole wheat egg noodles
Blush - KORRES 'Orange'
I believe most practitioners can benefit greatly from the book's section "The Examiner Misconstrued a Claim Limitation." I've said countless times on my blog that most rejections aren't really about what the reference teaches, but are instead based on a misunderstanding about claim construction. Yet from the file histories I read weekly in doing research for my blog, practitioners don't always get this. You should be arguing "The Examiner has misconstrued the claims" and this book gives you some boilerplate with which to do just this.
Let’s face facts here; the man was an asshole, fashioned after the many conservative assholes who are currently residing in our media. He was a racist, misogynistic, homophobic elitist bastard, who gleefully attacked the character of anybody who didn’t share his hateful, narrow minded views. He was the model of today’s Republican as featured in our present day media.
Mothers battle not only cultural expectations of how they relate to their sons, but also sometimes their own husbands or family members. Some women shared examples of their husbands accusing them of babying their sons if they showed any affection, even at very young ages, and one woman told a story about a power struggle with her husband about her nearly-two-year-old son's curly hair. She told him she'd cut his curls when he turned two, but a month before he turned two, her husband cut off all the boy's curls while he was taking a bath. "He thought I was turning his boy into a girl." Mothers are criticized for hugging their teen sons or touching them at all. Then there's the nosy strangers who think they know best and think that mothers are scarring their boys for life if they allow them to wear a "girl's" Halloween costume. She cites the work of artist JeongMee Yoon, who has a project with side-by-side images of actual girls' and boys' rooms, entirely in pink and blue. It's incredibly sad (and also another good example of why it's good I have boys--I am no fan of pink!).
4) Work the Ribbon
This afternoon I had my fifth session of boot camp, and our intrepid instructor Chad had all kinds of fun in store for us today.
The same goes for food and beer, both of which I consider to be art forms, so when breweries like Dogfish Head continually crank out great beers that do not conform to established standards, my conservative notion of "rules" is left floundering, while my palate is expanded, creating the desire for more of the same rule-breaking.
I also love the fact that unschooling allows us the freedom to focus on the application of what we have learned, if we so choose. So much of our Sad American Scholastic System is designed around helping students reach specific goals in order to get into college and enter the workforce as productive Americans. That completely discounts two things. First of all, stating that all children need to operate from the same exact body of knowledge completely negates everything I said above, that is to say that it dismisses the way people actually learn best and how critical learning choices are to maintaining a love for learning throughout your life. But worst of all, by saying that we all need to know the same things in order to succeed in the world, it discounts the fact that this world is a crazy and complex place. I feel very comfortable saying that what we need is fresh and unique perspectives to solve some of our problems and inequities, not a bunch of sheeple who have been born and bred in a world of doctrine and routine.
"Interesting, you use the word 'cool'...I suppose I'm not au fait with the current British lingo anymore"
About two weeks ago, a bill was introduced in the US House of Representatives as is common practice in Washington. This bill—H.R. 4470—was introduced by Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA) and has been called the Routine HIV Screening Coverage Act of 2012. What the bill proposes to do can be inferred from its name, with the added mandate that the routinization of HIV testing be implemented by health plans without imposing any cost sharing requirements on the patient or denying anyone coverage due to a lack of “appropriate risk factors”. Seems like a slam dunk, right? HIV/AIDS treatment and prevention have been at the forefront of national and international healthcare policy for going on two decades and anything that would help inform the 1 in 5 HIV positive Americans who are unaware of their status and unknowingly spreading the disease is a no brainer. Well, not exactly.
It's what we do best you know. :)
I will serve God’s purposes in my own time, for I am worthy of eternal life in Christ Jesus! Amen!
I have given all I could give of myself
I started out on a great foot when the expansion began. I knew that I knew my class, and I proved it over and over again. Even when things got rocky and the guild I was in switched to 10-mans, I did pretty well in every role I was asked to fill (which often ended up being healing).
But most within this unaffiliated group — 55 percent — identified with a religious group when they were younger.
The oxford dictionary defines a community as ‘a group of people living in the same place or having a particular characteristic in common’. This means that a group of people can be detonated as ‘community’ if they possess similar traits, follow a common objective and/or have the same ambition in a like-minded matter. At this initial stage of the documentary and considering the aforementioned definition I trust that Tough Mudder participants and patrons can be described as a community. In the process of this documentary it will become clearer if the intercommunity is based on a search for adventure, an athletic challenge, escaping the routine, some entirely unexpected reasoning or a mixture of all of them.
I tweeted that this was the best sandwich I have ever had. In my life. Really. The jackfruit was light and the perfect companion to the tangy bbq sauce, crisp cabbage slaw, dill pickle slices and ciabatta roll. The kale crisps were simply baked with olive oil, salt and slightly spicy seasoning. Our server was super sweet and spent some time talking with us about raw food and making kale chips. If you find yourself in Madison, Wisconsin, please visit the Green Owl cafe.
1/2 tablespoon minced onion
HAIKU REVIEW BY CAROLYN: Russian Roulette game
Every year they sponsor an amateur photography contest. I meant to enter, but missed the deadline by a couple of days. If I'd have had my act together, the uncropped photo in the center above would have been my entry. Below is as it was taken, no cropping or digital tweaking. I'm a little disappointed I missed the deadline. I don't pretend to be any great photographer, but this photo really makes me happy and it would have been fun to enter. The winner gets a season pass to Thanksgiving Point and their photo goes in the next monthly mailer. I'm trying not to think about it.
Jo Fletcher – Dead Di And The Zombie King
Painting Arman was both fun and challenging. I hadn’t painted a dog before, so it was difficult to try and get the colours right. In the end, I settled on the colours of bullmastiffs for Arman’s fur, specifically this big fella.
I choose to bring out the best in my customers, in Jesus Christ Name! Amen!
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Lightly spray a small casserole dish or gratin dish with cooking spray.
When we view the Jumbo Jets
for the streusel:
drawn no lines: as manifold events of sand
Renowned for beautiful cakes and whimsical confections, Miette Patisserie is among the most beloved of San Francisco's culinary destinations for locals and travelers. Miette's pretty Parisian aesthetic enchants visitors with tables piled high with beribboned bags of gingersnaps, homemade marshmallows, fleur de sel caramels, and rainbows of gumballs. This cookbook brings the enchantment home, sharing 100 secret formulas for favorite Miette treats from chef and owner Meg Ray. More than 75 gorgeous color photos capture the unique beauty of Miette desserts and shops. Scalloped edges on the book block enhance the preciousness of this fetching package. Just like the adorable cakes, cookies, clairs and tarts for sale in Miette's case, this book is irresistible!
So that's what I'm hoping to unwrap this Christmas morning. Am I the only one working on the list and shopping this early? Or am I just crazy?
Cheese, or Vegan Cheese, to taste
The silk farm was fascinating. Cambodian silk, which feels slightly heavier and less slippery than what I'm used to, comes from worms that eat a completely different leaf than Chinese silk, for example. It keeps you just as cool even though it feels heavier, though. The techniques used today are still the ancient ones.
The bill now heads to the Senate, where related cybersecurity legislation has been stalled for years, and the threat of a presidential veto makes speedy approval unlikely.
But Raymond was more "on the fence" about the vanilla mousseline, which proved problematic for some bakers. It wasn't that Raymond had problems making the mousseline. "All worked out fine." But, although he thought it was "delicious," he also thought it didn't deliver "that hit of vanilla flavor I was looking for." Next time, he promised to use vanilla sugar and a vanilla bean as well as the vanilla extract and hopefully that will give me the vanilla flavor that I am after to pair with this intense chocolate cake."
I was chatting with Lynda over the phone about this, but we had to cut our conversation short because someone had pulled in to choose a dress. The excitement in her voice was contagious. I hope it catches on with more than a few others.
cold judgmental religious glares,
The NYCLU is building evidence that the NYPD’s over-reliance on broken windows policing not only places far too many New Yorkers into the criminal justice system but also has negative effects on public safety. We are currently surveying thousands of New Yorkers to find out what effects broken windows policing has on their lives.
Oh wait, I forgot to mention that 1991′s “The Avengers” marked the debut of Iron Man, as played by superstar Tom Selleck. Having Thomas Magnum himself suiting up alongside the fan favorite Bixby/Ferrigno one-two-Hulk-punch (and all those other semi-recognizable faces) made 1991′s “The Avengers” the biggest film of the year. Nay, the decade! Verily, “Avengers” mania swept the world!
navāni gṛhṇāti naro parāṇi
wouldn’t I want to find out?
The Guide gives a bit of background on the termination law, explains the affect terminations may have on record labels and outlines the steps artists wishing to terminate their contracts should follow.
Wednesday 25th April 2012 The Craft Den will also be celebrating its 4th Birthday with lots going on. For more information please contact Lynne at sales@craftden.co.uk
1 alive
Then in French all we did was watch those weird videos and do the video packet.
We live small lives on the periphery; we are marginalised and there's a great deal in which we choose not to participate. We wanted silence and
Last week (Oct 21) was the anniversary of the dedication of the Soldiers' and Sailors' Monument in Grand Army Plaza - that big Arc de Triomphe-looking thing at the main entrance to Prospect Park.
Dispatches From The Edge
& while i may be sounding like an overly dramatic fashion whiner . . .
But anglers spend about half as much time fishing as they did back then.
A few days later, Shi saw the spirit of Huida coming over to rebuke him saying, “I funded your visit to the capital. Instead of being grateful, you slandered me and had me killed. How could you treat me like that?” Huida jumped over and seized him. Shi died a few days later.
But, this post is about my son's addiction. He was doing so well, which is honestly why I wasn't blogging so often. I've always written on this blog, and kept in the back of my mind, that his sobriety could be compromised at any moment. I believe that I was trying to prepare myself for the possibility that he'd relapse. Again.
I do have some leftover ivory fleece & some doodle yarn, too :)
On Sunday we left the frills behind and headed off to the woods. Alfie Blue went to cosy up with the grandparents in his new Cone of Shame. Poor boy keeps chewing his hip until it bleeds so he needed a lampshade to sort him out. He seems fine with it on and best of all it means he can't lick his feet which he does literally ALL DAY (it drives me insane that gulpy wet lickety spit noise).
It's beauty blows my mind
He is not good.
Kiss her when the time is right, and always use your strength, your might
“Go on,” says Jae. “Reach in there.”
Sara's family appreciates all of your prayer and support as they've gone through the last week and a half and welcomes the continuation of it as they travel this road.
I would recommend this book to anyone with interest in gardening in general or roses in particular.
I am not walking much, or moving much in general really. I am soooo tired, and nausea is with me all day and all night. Like that friend that just will never leave your side.
Slowly eating all the tiny fruit that are at the base of the blossom, which they destructively toss aside to carpet this corner of the garden in blossom snow. Each flower perfect, not a sign of dying off naturally before being discarded.
Over the past year, we’ve seen very strong growth in the number of Android users around the world. To make it easier for those users to purchase their favorite apps and games on Android Market, we’re bringing Direct Carrier Billing to additional carrier networks in South Korea, the UK, and Germany.
The U.S., in purple with a Gini coefficient of 0.450, ranks near the extreme end of the inequality scale. Looking for the other countries marked in purple gives you a quick sense of countries with comparable income inequality, and it’s an unflattering list: Cameroon, Madagascar, Rwanda, Uganda, Ecuador. A number are currently embroiled in or just emerging from deeply destabilizing conflicts, some of them linked to income inequality: Mexico, Côte d’Ivoire, Sri Lanka, Nepal, Serbia.
The lot is a double lot which is a plus. At least there is lots of space in the backyard!
” We are quite sure that we do our best to provide a ceasefire in Syria and support Annan’s plan because the situation is not stable there, as provocative powers should be eliminated and international observers will go to Syria and it is supposed to maintain their security, a thing it is consulting with other experts about,” Lavrov said.
For those that have been following TSM for any amount of time, it should come as no surprise that Mr. Fake and Bake, crocodile tears, Mr. 1%, John Boehner, the Speaker of the House of Representatives, earns the most dubious honor of the Number 1 Bigot of the Year for 2011.
The stakes of pre-life agreements
Well, you need to take into account the following:
I’m currently studying for an 8AM exam and I’m not happy about it. I’M TIRED OF STUDYING. I’M TIRED OF FLASH CARDS. I’M TIRED OF READING TEXT BOOKS. I’M TIRED OF GOING TO CLASS AND HAVING BORING PROFESSORS. I’M TIRED OF FRESHMEN. I HATE YOU ASHER. I LOVED YOU FRESHMAN YEAR WHEN I HAD NOTHING TO DO BUT PARTY, BUT NOW, AS A SENIOR WHO IS TRYING TO GRADUATE, I HATE YOU.
I added the black pepper and basil to the recipe, mostly because my basil plant looked like it wanted to be used and I thought the black pepper would compliment the tomato soup. I was really stringent with the method this time. I left the dough to rise and re-rise for as long as possible and pre-heated the oven well in advance. The recipe suggested the rolls would take 20-25 minutes to cook but mine took 35 minutes, I think this is due to my rubbish oven rather than the recipe being inaccurate. I also had the oven turned up high for the first 10 minutes to crisp up the top.
The first best trekking rout here is the Darcha Lamayuru trek. This trek needs 26 days to cover the entire route. You cross Zanaskar, Manali, Darcha, Chumi Napo, Shingo La, Kurgiak, Tetha and many other places as you trek along the trekking track. You need to climb up 6000 meter in the direction of the western end region of the Himalayan range. As you trek along and reach each destination you get to visit the occupants and the see the beautiful natural scenic views from each destination. Your tour starts at Darcha and ends at Lamayuru.
"The largest of these, the Nimrod Prospect in 350m depth, and most likely reserves in the event of success are estimated to be greater than four billion barrels," he told parliament.
The plan of care devised by an occupational therapist will be exclusive to the SPD symptoms particularly displayed in your case. In Michaela's situation, her plan of care implemented all of the areas of treatment: proprioception, vestibular, auditory, with special attention to tactile, auditory, smelling and tasting activities. It was not uncommon for Michaela to touch something that was extremely hot or cold and it never registered. Imagine this for a moment...taking your child outside in winter and he/she is unable to tell you when his/her hands or feet are too cold. Imagine you are cooking in the kitchen and turn around to find your child has placed his/her hand on the stove without having a reaction. Our house had to be carefully monitored for potential dangers on a daily basis. I bordered on being neurotic, imagining the worst in any given situation.
April 18th - Bloomington Brewing Company Tapping Party
This is written in gloss, a transcription of American Sign Language, and essentially means, “It seems I have a toothache; I need to go to a dentist.”
MGM is a wonderful park to visit at night. The way the place is lit up with all of the neon signs, the lights on the Tower of Terror which makes it look way spookier, to the Hat and the Osborn Family Lights Spectacular. You just can't go wrong visiting this park in the evening. One of my favorite places to be!!!
There were hockey rinks, soccer fields, a gym with a working scoreboard. What house is complete without one? They have their own performing studios, and an “every day is a holiday” theme so they can keep the Christmas tree up all year-long. I’ve seen a chair museum in place of a dining room table, psychedelic, modern, artistic mansions, no MANSIONS. These homes are described by their parents as “having a place where we all feel comfortable.” Give me a break.
During the process I poked through a lot of upstream SCMs. In the way I found out a trivial change was done in PECL’s SVN two years ago for all the extensions located there, which got me suspicious regarding some extensions we have. For non PECL hosted extensions, I had to track if and when a fix was done and use it for building or do a trivial fix myself. Packages using the 3.0 (quilt) source format were extremely easy to fix, and I was quite happy it generally went fast.
The first 500 fans you may have lost because you didn't interact with them. Do you lose them because you didn't post a lot and fell off the radar? They are probably friends. If they were already reading your blog, remind them there to go back to like your FB page.
I pour the tea and we sit in the kitchen with our cups. ‘Sorry, I have no cake,’ I say.
The failure to identify the relevant artist and arguably the false identification of the images as belonging to Vogue Spain, could constitute a breach of the paternity right and false attribution right respectively. Judging by the various comments from the artists it is the false attribution which has, understandably, caused the greatest upset. This raises a further question, what is the use of ‘moral rights’ to the modern artist? The public pressure brought by blogs, tweets and posts on Vogue’s Instagram account achieved a more immediate response than any moral rights action could have achieved.
A similar group meets in Baltimore for the weekly teleconference. Hough has special ties to one of the other Texas participants — Charles Hough IV, his son, another former Episcopal clergyman who hopes to become a Catholic priest.
“It’s a little scary. I scared myself when I saw what I did,” Novatka is quoted saying in the affidavit.
Daddy chains Fool in the cellar and then cuts up Leroy’s body, tossing bits of meat at the boys behind the partition and eating some of the meat himself. Daddy leaves Fool there but he gets rescued by the critically injured Roach who hides him in the furnace and gives him several gold coins and a written note asking him to take care of Alice. Fool agrees and Roach dies after showing him the way up to through the house to the attic up the chimney. Fool gets to Alice and they escape into the walls but Daddy sends the dog after them. Fool struggles with the dog while Daddy stabs at the wall with a bayonet. Fool manages to get the dog against the wall and Daddy stabs the wall killing it. Daddy thinks he killed the boy but when Mommy insists on seeing the body they realise it’s the dog he’s killed. Fool and Alice get up to the attic where they find the only window not secured because it’s a sheer drop two floors down. Fool remembers that there’s a pond right under it so it should be okay to jump but. Alice is terrified and won’t go. Just then Daddy arrives and Fool makes the jump alone, promising Alice he’ll be back for her. He lands in the pond and gets clean away.
(not to mention HEAVY) so it sits up on the top
The Hornets shot .511 from the field, including a 10-of-20 performance from the three point line, while holding the Bronchos to just .439 shooting from the field.
US hostage Weinstein sends a message to Obama in al Qaeda video
You fight about money
About those images: One of the most fun parts of this year’s One Island One Book program, for me, has been spending time with our fabulous online archive of photographs. These are scanned, identified and uploaded by Monroe County Historian Tom Hambright and his team of dedicated volunteers. There are more than 11,000 images in the whole collection and 700 just related to the railroad. The slideshow above is a small sample of my favorites but I recommend checking this site out to anyone interested in Keys history. Another favorite from the same era I can’t resist revisiting: the waterfront passes that were required of workers in that area during World War I. The photographs are haunting and beautiful and the information provides a time capsule of Key West life in that era.
With all the things you’re doing to distract
In just two weeks, we celebrate mommas everywhere. Do you want something fun and unique to give that special Mom in you life?! From now until Mother's Day, May 13th, use code MOMMA in the While He Was Napping Etsy Shop and get 15% off your entire order. Physical items ship next day and digital items ship within 24 hours. If you place a custom order with me by May 11th for any digital items, you'll receive 35% off your custom order. Go crazy! Personalize that subway art print! Convo me to set up a custom piece.
Southern Tier IPA is an American beer. This cloudy beer had a small head and nearly no carbonation. In the nose there was some assertive grapefruit, and the grapefruit also dominated in the mouth. The finish was bitter with a touch of grass. This was a great India Pale Ale and my favourite of these three.
Such an apologetic use of history among Marian Catholics was part of a campaign to defend traditional religion in England, which Duffy describes in chapter three. While these Catholics responded to the evangelicals and fostered traditional religion primarily through preaching, the Marian regime also made use of the printing press. Despite the regime’s attempt to prevent the circulation of Protestant books, the Protestant titles outnumbered Catholic titles during this period.
“Er you didn’t want to keep them separate?” I ask. Rob raises his eyebrows at this.
The same goes for what liquids we put into your body. GM recently posted an article about this woman who drank too much Coke-Cola and it was said that her 2.6 gallon a day addiction of Coke-Cola is what brought her to her untimely death at 30 years old. The article goes onto to say that Coke-Cola will not kill you per say but that anything in excess is certainly not good for you. Truly, too much of anything is not good. After reading the article I was wondering is it really possible to drink too much water?? I found that it is, it’s mostly found in athletes and babies. I found that the average person couldn’t drink themselves sick. It requires quite a bit more than I drink in a days time. When it comes to water I always use the rule ‘half your body weight in ounces of water a day’. That’s REALLY hard to do especially when you aren’t used to it. You will spend most of the day in the bathroom, truly!
I'm thinking that a leader like this man would certainly come in handy about now!
Preheat the oven to 350. Prepare the cake batter per the package directions. Divide equally into two bowls. In one bowl, add yellow and red food coloring drop by drop, to acheive a bright orange color. Pour two tablespoons (teaspoons for mini cupcakes) of the plain batter into a cupcake pan with paper liners. Add two tablespoons (two teaspoons for mini cupcakes) of the orange batter on top. Bake per package instructions.
I that point I knew it was going to be a long day, I wasn’t giving up! I thought about an article I recently read on female triathlete Linsey Corbin. She was describing a bad day at the recent Ironman California in which she was 9 minutes off the lead when she started the run-
I know that many of you have made New Year's Resolutions to make improvements to your 18th century impressions. Some will try hand sewing a complete garment for the first time, others will try their hand at making a new accessory, but whatever we choose, there is one area that we all need work in: HOSIERY!
I'm finding myself in a better place every day. Slowly healing more and more from what happened. The pain will never go away completely but it's no longer the foreground of my emotions. I think I really needed this hospital visit. I needed this closure and it feels good to have it.
But, some may already now sit with questions after the little I’ve written here. What is Mishnah? What is Midrash? What is Pirqey Avot? And so on. Well, in order not to give too long an explanation here, I will attempt to explain briefly about the words mentioned, and then add them to a newly established dictionary, that can be found among the pages. From now on, when I mention new terms or the like, I will explain it in the post mentioned, and then add it to the dictionary (so one doesn’t have to look through the whole blog for explanations).
Physical Slot : 52
So while maybe we all don't have the budget of a princess, here are some tips that I think we can all take from this iconic style icon.
It was a lovely day out, and could be combined with section 1 or 3 if you start early enough.
Christ’s egalitarian message and subversive ideology resulted in friction with the local authorities. Last Saturday, he was charged with blasphemy after encouraging his followers to harvest grain in spite of the Shabbat. A warrant was summarily issued for his arrest, but almost a full week passed before he was apprehended.
Premature ejaculate should be flicked over your left shoulder.
July – TBA (Europe -LMS)
You get the picture.
When the Israelites complained to Aaron that Moses had deserted them, Aaron took an offering from the people of gold jewelry, melted it down and made an idol in the shape of a calf- which he “fashioned with a tool”. He then said,
First of all, the US Supreme Court is involved in a Constitutional debate regarding the issue of wether or not the federal government can force a citizen to purchase a service. This is not a political debate. That's why it is taking place in the highest court in the land and not in a locker room or neighborhood tavern.
This is a group of people whose wisdom he trusted and they began to ask him questions.
* At sundown,, Sayid pulls Dogen into the water pool, and drowns Dogen, Sayid slashes the throat of the interpreter,
I love no leafless land.”
OK, I have to be honest here---this was not going to be our first time---although we hadn't lived together, we didn't miss too many nights---and of course, you cant drive home in that condition.
Canadian lawyer Antonin Pribetic follows up with a very thorough and comprehensive survey of the world of legal blogging and includes some well known UK law blogs. Ed of Blawg Review provides the introduction….
this didn't explain the pills and powders, of course, nor the pumpkin, but there was no denying that her dogs were lean and healthy, while boscoe was slightly chunky, ate like a starving man, and then farted continuously, like someone's elderly uncle. hmmm. perhaps diet was something i should think about.
The foam is pretty dense when it comes out of the pump dispenser, and one pump is enough for a full face wash. There’s a fresh citrus scent which probably comes from the citrus orange oil and mandarin orange oil.
- Oh, for an afternoon stroller (and not in-arms) nap. This WILL happen, right?
Anwaar: No! Please no! Don’t kill her!
I remove my headphones and talk back.
After around 2months of this thing chewing inside of me………………….
Jonjo O’Neill (born April 13, 1952) was a highly successful jump jockey and has established himself at the top of the training ranks. In spite of an appalling list of injuries, he was champion jockey twice (1977/78 and 1979/80), and he set a then record for a season of 149 winners in his first championship year. The most sensational moment of his riding career came when he won the Cheltenham Gold Cup on Dawn Run in 1986 as the mare became the only horse to win that trophy after having previously taken the Champion Hurdle (1984), again with O’Neill in the saddle. He also won the Gold Cup on Alverton in 1979, though he had a dreadful record in the Grand National, in which he never completed the course in spite of having eight rides. He retired from the saddle at the end of the 1985/86 season and, having survived lymphatic cancer not long after that, started training near Penrith, Cumbria, in 1987. He forged a reputation with horses such as Vicario Di Bray, winner of the 1989 Champion Hurdle Trial at Haydock, and Legal Right, who landed the Grade Three Tripleprint Gold Cup at Cheltenham in 1999 and went on to capture the BGC Silver Cup at Ascot as well as the Grade Two Tommy Whittle Chase. He moved to his present base at Jackdaws Castle in Gloucestershire, not far from Cheltenham, when the yard was bought by owner J P McManus in 2001. In 2010, he finally broke his Grand National duck when saddling Don’t Push It to victory for McManus, who had been trying to win the race since 1982. Don’t Push It came third last year and is now retired. A P (Tony) McCoy rode the gelding, gaining a first success at the 15th attempt. O’Neill’s other victories at the Aintree Festival as a trainer include Quazar in the John Smith’s Anniversary
She knelt
None of us are perfect. We need to help each other fight this war. I must admit that I have many times been saved from defeat by the loving interference of another Christian in my life.
When you are confronted with the irrefutable evidence of the simple fact that you fucked Shamu's inbred cousin, don't lie about it. Grow a pair and man up to it. I gave you three seperate chances to own up to it, and you still lied about it. When you finally admitted she'd (at the VERY least) sent you some inappropriate pictures, you had the nerve to say, "So? She wanted to cheer me up. That's what friends do." Um, when Housewife is having a shitty day, I don't send her pictures of my hatchet wound and fun bags.
It is your belief, and yours alone, that gives you the impetus to achieve any level of financial abundance you desire. Don’t get lost in numbers, but instead focus on the abundance of abundance itself. Believe in yourself and your Higher Consciousness that is always at work within you.
Yet the explanation is simple, and it is encouraging. A certain percentage are trying very hard to remain ethical creatures of intelligence. Some of our people are remembering the United States of America and those things for which it stands, despite that their homeland is tread upon by resident enemies, and that some of these have been successful in tearing down it’s beloved structure and in killing thousands of its citizens. While it is difficult to put any stock in a trust of no torture (WHO can be trusted these days?), it should still be the preferred idea that no land’s government should resort to severe tactics of physical or mental anguish of captives. There still need to be leaders in the realm of peace and good will in operation.
wings – drink in cool
I’ll deal with my own emotions, myself, thank you. But, indeed, the truther theories, with planned demolitions, phantom planes, and vast networks of conspirators, are almost exclusively garbage.
(b) be subject to and comply with the Articles and any statutes, regulations, directives, codes, decisions and International Match Calendar promulgated by the Board, the Professional Game Board, the Non Professional Game Board, the Judicial Panel, a Committee or sub-committee, FIFA, UEFA or the Court of Arbitration for Sport;
However the red arils of the seed is said to be poisonous to children and I was told that it is not a suitable food for pregnant women.
God will not forgive a sinner on the basis that he is sorry. PEOPLE PLEASE HEAR THIS! Of course we should be sorry for sin–we have a conscience to tell us that adultery, rape, lust, murder, hatred, lying, stealing, etc., are wrong. And of course we shouldn’t sin again. However, God will release us from the demands for eternal justice only on the basis that someone else paid our fine. Two Thousand years ago, Jesus Christ died on the cross to pay for the sins of the world. His words on the cross were, “IT IS FINISHED!” (John 19:30). In other words, the debt has been paid in full.
It was a moment of classic parental overreach on my part. Correctly answering this kind of question would mean that he understood the concept and that his mind is agile enough to think around this kind of idea when it comes at him from another angle. It would also, most importantly in retrospect, validate my own efforts to teach him something. In this, his success would be my success, his failure would be my failure. Somewhere I vaguely I heard the Sirens singing.
Consolidating the newspapers
A few weeks before I graduated college Neill officially became a homeowner and when I was finished with school I moved in with him. I think we had some general discussions about what he was expecting financially from me, but the expectations were pretty low. We knew we wanted to live together and so we figured we would make it work somehow. At this point, Neill paid the mortgage and all of the bills. I, on the other hand, was an unemployed college student with my eye on graduate school. I wanted to find a paid position working on a research study, but I couldn't find anything. So in order to get the experience necessary to be accepted into a clinical psychology doctoral program, I started working on a volunteer basis in two different research labs. Yup. You read that right. Volunteer. As in for free ninety nine. As in Neill was pretty much completely supporting me, with a few hundred dollars from my mom every once in a while.
Back on the road we drove north on University Avenue towards HWY 101 and Menlo Park...
That they readily meet invasions, when they come.
Long story short: I finally have some damn Christmas gifts to wrap and put under our lovely tree.
Needless to say, this kind of trip isn't for wimps. And it also goes without saying that you don't want to do this unless you have an experienced guide with you, which is why my brother asked me to go along. You have to know what you're doing out there or you can get into serious trouble - at the very least, you have to know what to eat, what NOT to eat, how to find water, and how to find your way back without a map or compass. It also helps to know a little bit about the wild animals you might encounter along the way, and how to avoid ending up on their dinner menu. Fortunately for us, there aren't many animals around here that would consider us food. There are black bears, coyotes, a few wolves, and mountain lions in the area, but most of these animals would rather avoid contact with humans and will keep their distance unless provoked. Still, any animal will defend itself if it feels threatened, so you have to know how to appear non-threatening, and how to avoid coming face-to-face with them in the first place.
So anyway wait for 30 minutes then talk to him and he’ll give you one Legend Festival coin. You will also get some useless 30 minute buff called Legend Sweet Syrup Buff.
I hate politics. I don't usually have really strong feelings about "party" associations. I do lean to the left on most social issues. But, in general, I also agree with Mark Twain that most politicians are idiots, regardless of party affiliation.
into being.
Delphina cried out, but the wind snatched her words away. I leapt forward and snatched the petal off her cheek.
This early hour lingers at my thigh, while your sunlight
* Is it better to work on a person who is an unbelievably over-the-top racist or is it better to just cut and run? Is it hypocritical to continue a friendship with a racist if one calls oneself an anti-racist? I'm afraid it might be. But, I can always cut and run later if I can't influence the racism, right? /sigh/ I don't know.
Basically, the original blog that caught my attention went with the idea of “the boss is always right”. This type of blog, well hell, it came off as being an advertisement for a huge jobs board. That’s part of the problem in the good old USA. We are beginning to take too much shit from people who otherwise should have their asses put in check. We all have wanted to tell the boss fall into a bag of dicks, but most will never. Most will never rock the boat. I say rock it until he/she pees their pants, terminates without prejudiced, or basically gets a clue. Management is in charge of nothing without your work product.If the new woman at the office is hot, and the boss is a guy that automatically pays her better, gives her a better cubicle, and allows her more freedoms, then yeah dumbass, he’s trying to bone her. Don’t get in the way unless you have balls of steel. Tell him to fuck himself. Tell her that he’s trying to buy her off. Cock block if she isn’t doing it already. Serves the prick right.
Because the very nature of a cat is to be territorial and to learn to live off its surroundings, transplanting a cat to another area is essentially “pulling the rug out from under their whole life,” Williams said.
Although it’s unfortunate that Majerus couldn’t do the reciprocal release—releasing and recapturing both forms in polluted woods—these data, along with his observations of live resting moths actually being eaten by birds and the fact that a substantial fraction of moths rest naturally on trees, where they’re exposed to bird predation, show fairly conclusively that the Biston story is sound. It’s great that Majerus repeated Kettlewell’s experiment properly. And kudos to the quartet of scientists who wrote up Majerus’s results and got them published properly.
Undefended by the police, and not allowed by the government to obtain a gun license, many blacks are getting guns anyway, just to protect themselves and their families, observes Khoele.
I've tried journaling, but need a little more to push my firsties through this last quarter.
2-08 Raise the Roses
I think that's a horrible way to go about things, and honestly a very selfish way. People who are unschooling, people who have started or send their children to or go to democratic or free schools, people who are natural, autonomous learners of all types, are showing that the alternatives are wonderful. We're going beyond the theoretical and actually showing, through our lives, how joyous life can be without a coercive schooling system. To keep these alternatives quiet seems a gross injustice to everyone currently in the school system.
I received a lot of enquiries, additional information, and tips about Jamaat ul-Fuqra. One source reported that there was yet another “Muslim compound”, this time near Meherrin, Virginia. Another said that the people at that location “came out and danced in public on September 11th.” I had never heard about any JF activity in Meherrin before. When the opportunity came I drove up there.
Vodka Eyeballing : Doing Vodka Shots Through Your Eyes
This cut out pattern look was used on the projection video for a segment during the Kylie tour and is amazing handwork. Unfortunately I haven't been able to find full figure photo.
All true, of course. But what many accounts leave out is the staggering level of technological advance since 1980. (Advances which ultimately wouldn’t exist without public funding/infrastructure). This enormous technological component of productivity doesn’t translate into wages for human labour, hence the necessity of solutions such as a Citizen’s Income.
Remind them of another pervasive childhood lesson: the Golden Rule.
City Island is at the north end of the Bronx in New York City. For people who live in the Bronx, City Island is like leaving the urban streets and being transported to a harbor town like you find in Maine. It's a small seaport town with a gazillion seafood restaurants along the main street. At many of these restaurants, you can sit outside and have a view of the water and the boats. It's beautiful and at night, it's magical. It's a very popular place for dates because the atmosphere can be so romantic.
Can’t you see there’s no place to go
Re: Caiaphas’ prophesy “that Jesus will die for the Jewish nation .. and also for the scattered children of God, to bring them together and make them one.” Little did he know. Caiaphas thought Jesus’ death would simply prevent Roman retaliation on the ever-obstinate Jews (a political interpretation), but Jesus’ death was actually intended to save people from their bondage to sin (a spiritual meaning). The scattered children of God refer not to the Jewish settlements spread throughout the Roman Empire, as Caiaphas thought, but to all the gentiles who will receive the message of God and become believers. So basically (according to John and the notes, anyway) Caiaphas gave a legitimate prophecy, but whereas Caiaphas thought it was a purely political message, it was actually a purely spiritual message. Or something like that.
I’m kinda naive when it comes to drugs, always have been. Already in elementary school they talked about the dangers of drugs and how even in our small city everyone knew where to score some. I always wondered why no one had asked me, or if I just wasn’t part of “everyone”. I would opt for the latter. Anyways, now I live in the capital, and I still to this day have no idea where I should go if I wanted any illegal drugs. I’ve never bothered to find out, ’cause as I said, I’m crazy enough as it is.
Aquarius archetypes:
54. A story has no beginning or end; arbitrarily one chooses that moment of experience from which to look back or from which to look ahead. —Graham Greene, The End of the Affair (1951)
No matter how funky things get, Withers plays it cool . We've all probably heard "Lean On Me" too many times by now. But next time, listen to the song in the context of all the gospel soul that was hitting the charts in 1972: Aretha Franklin's Young Gifted And Black and Amazing Grace, The Staple Sisters's "I'll Take You There", Jesus Christ Superstar. The Rolling Stones's "Let It Loose" and "Shine A Light"? Could the compassionate singer be JC himself?
Wassail
The highway drops her line
After what seemed like an eternity of waiting they finally made it up the steps to the front gate. As they handed their invitations to the gatekeeper of Southampton they were granted passageway to the brewery.
My friend and Fort Lauderdale artist, Nolan Haan, is at it again! If you recall, Nolan paints theses amazing pieces of cinderblock walls....on silk!! Now, he's forayed into talking photos of what he calls "unintended abstractions." I'm in love with the composition, texture, and colors that he captures in his photographs. These would look so amazing blown up, printed on metal, and hung in a loft somewhere in the city.
I love this image from the recently released Floral Delights and the lush ribbon is also from LCI. My paper is Echo Park and the watering can is wooden and I painted it white.
I do not write unpleasant things about Barack Hussein Obama because he is a Democrat, a far-left liberal ideologue, a confirmed liar, or the sock-puppet of whatever cabal that chose him long ago to be the President. I write unpleasant things because he is all of these things, but also because he is the most stupid man to have ever held the office of President.
Thomas M. Ray
Dana W. Rhyne
I did manage, in between the shaking, sweating and cursing, to take a few photos of Landmark Tower and a small amusement park for kids on the water.
We will get through this. Just a little while longer.
Well I cannot tell you just how nervous I am right now....
The forecast: Partly cloudy skies. High 83F, humidity 40%. Winds SW at 10 to 15 mph. 5% chance of precipitation.
The point I want to make is that we can’t just take trades based on a great pattern alone. It is absolutely true that we can be sloppy with our pattern selection and still make money if we are long in a super trending market. But I never wanted to win “Lucky”, I wanted to win consistently. In order to do that, I had to completely adjust my thinking.
As I approached the intersection today, I saw that there had been an accident. One car had been hit broadside and was sitting on the far side of the intersection after skidding there from the impact of the other car, which was badly smashed in the front. There was an unconscious man in the driver's seat of the broadsided car, and a woman sitting by the side of the road with blood on her face, who I assumed was the driver of the other car. Several others had already pulled over to help, but there were no police or ambulance on the scene yet, so I stopped to see if I could help. I grabbed my first aid kit and went to the unconscious man first. I asked one of the other people on the scene how long he had been unconscious.
Consumers also will benefit in flower prices, Flipse said. “Between buying in bigger volume to negotiate lower prices, we should be able to reduce prices to customers by 10 percent,” he said.
Have a wonderful day, all!
New Belgium Brewing Inc. Lips Of Faith Le Fleur Misseur
I have to admit, this is one area where I am old school big time. I will take a paperback over any fancy e-reader. I like the feel of the book in my hands, the smell, the sensation of the paper between my fingers as I flip the pages. There is something comforting and relaxing about holding a worn paperback with its creased spine and well-read pages. I have come to associate the smell of old books with the library, adventure, childhood and my Mom’s voice. Likewise, opening a new book has the thrill of the unknown and anticipation for the world that I will get to explore. No hard plastic screen will ever compare. This is one thing that I will never give up no matter where technology advances.
it's nice to hear the Sparkle song too. just click at 'The Song' =)
I want to be back there
MacPherson Member of Parliament Tin Pei Ling and her staff were ‘uncontactable’ when a needy resident tried calling her constituency office seeking for assistance, prompting him to lodge a complaint to Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong!
*Hopefully it's one of those! (with a smile)
However, it seems that he hasn’t talked to his colleague, Brian Thomas, as the other primary ICR News writer is on record as saying:
The mayor of a village in southwest France has threatened residents with severe punishment if they die, because there is no room left in the overcrowded cemetery to bury them.
There will also be topic tracking, which will assemble a list of “What People Are Talking About” based upon what links they’re sharing in conjunction with what tags they use.
And tadaa! I actually did some comic artwork I like! That never happens! Yay!
I was SO going to work in the flower beds today, I was SO going to Clean and organize,,,,but instead, after recent hectic days, I went Junkin' and Antiquing!
-Finding the good that is inside every person I meet.
Where’s Waldo. You know what. That’s a great question. Where IS Waldo?
Well, last week was a lot of fun and I see more beautiful faces everyday joining our fun digi challenge. I will announce the winner Wednesday for last weeks challenge to give everyone a chance to vote. Please go to last weeks challenge post and leave a comment with the number/name of your favorite entry.
Pour into a greased loaf pan.
LET’S STOP TALKING AND START LISTENING TO OUR COMMUNITIES.
Despite warnings I often see on the Net I have yet to encounter an instance in which a hold up man called the police to report his intended victim threatened to shoot him. Thugs do not want to come into contact with the police. They may already be wanted or realize chances are good they have been identified in a recent robbery. Or what ever. They are not going to call the police if you draw on them.
Now it is 2012... yes really, how did we get there so soon you ask? We have travelled in time to reach this point so your topic this week is 'Travel through time to 2012'. This could include various things including flying, time, travel, steampunk even... you get the picture... just include something to show how we got to this New Year.
“I am proud of and appreciate Terry and all the other countless individuals who daily work with our most vulnerable citizens in order to help them reclaim their life,” said Rep. Morgan.
I won’t review music, as I’m not highly knowledgeable in that field, and probably wouldn’t be able to give a good opinion, but I will be reviewing the things listed here..as well as other things. After all, in my life, there’s probably something I haven’t heard of that I’ll encounter and want to review. It probably won’t happen right now, but if it happens in the future, I’ll be updating this list.
I want you to know that I am still missing you like crazy....although during the last few days I have felt pretty good.....like I can actually breathe....like I'm comfortable with you being completely healed and in Heaven. I know that this is just one of those "good waves", and that another bad one is around the corner, but it is nice and refreshing to get a break from all of that emotion. I found myself looking at some pictures of you, and thinking about how blessed I have been to be chosen as your mommy. This is by far the toughest part of it....the not having you here with me....but as I've said before, I know that I will be with you much MUCH longer than I will be without you.
Little did we know that a riot was going on in China Town, right by the hotel. Seriously, that’s true. Apparently some Malaitan boys were annoyed that their football team lost to West Honiara by a controversial goal in the first half, and so they went on a bit of a drunken rampage, trashing cars and offices until the army (i.e. RAMSI troops) got called in. So riveting were the speeches at the hotel that we knew nothing about any of this, and we innocently drove through Chinatown about half an hour after it had finished, only to recieve a barrage of phone calls upon returning home, telling us to stay put.
Penal institution records show that recidivism rates for those who receive no education while incarcerated are almost 75 percent. Compare that to the 16 to 25 percent rate for offenders who receive literacy and vocational assistance.
WOW...it was another amazing fortnight of wonderful entries, thank you everyone who joined us for Shelley's 'LOVE' challenge!! I will be announcing the random winner and Shelley's TOP 3 and GD choice towards the end of this post.
To enter just leave a comment on this post...and for another chance to win you can sign up for Heather's inspiring newsletter here....just leave a separate comment letting me know you signed up.
Port Brewing Company / Pizza Port Older Viscosity
And another thing that I wanted to mention that I have found to be incredibly helpful already with this binder, was the addition of a pencil pouch to the back, which holds pens, a calculator and my binder hole puncher!
I'm playing the role of Polly Pingmold, obsessed with my pink prom dress and my Rubik's cube. Charlie is Ivan Pingmold, CEO of a Hairspary company that has a flatulence problem. We'll be joined by 6 other friends from our church...ranging from an NFL players to a narcoleptic ballerina.
and none of it makes sense.
He protected us in the forest when we were in very deep trouble,
There is a really big funeral happening in Wujal Wujal tomorrow for a respected old lady from the community. Frankie,a local bama and friend, told me that they have a big feast after the funeral. This afternoon they were preparing a whole bullock, some sea turtle (ngnawia), as well as other meat, and kilos and kilos of vegetables. This will be a very important funeral. I have been told that not many children will be going to school tomorrow either. I won’t be attending, as I did not know her. It would be disrespectful for me to show up.
The arrival of missionaries to the Yup'ik and other Native tribes began to change the making and use of masks among the Native Americans. The missionaries denounced their masked dances as heathen rituals and their use was practically eliminated by the 1920's.
Liverpool Crown Court heard the group plied five victims with drink and drugs and "passed them around" for sex.
Since T10 announced they were removing the cap all I’ve done is compete in Rivals events for unicorns. I’ve been worried about how much the title update would screw things up. This game is nearly 6 months old at this point and my playing peaked during the Christmas/New Years Holidays. March Madness has seriously impacted my playing time and this summer looks like I’ll be busy working out of town, so my driver level probably won’t go up much more. I have been running another gamertag “Skink McCoy” through career. I finished World Tour and will probably do most of my driving under that gamertag from here on out.
3He may be given forty blows, not more; for if more are given, your brother may be shamed before you.
Of course I knew it all along. I mean how could I or should I beat out a young woman who writes a very touching piece- "When Brooklyn Was Mine"- about growing up with her immigrant parents in Fort Greene struggling to survive, struggling to create an identity for herself I mean after all is this or is this not what Brooklyn is all about- tough struggling immigrant working class Brooklyn suddenly overun by insensitive yuppies and preppies and old white hippies-- like me?--
Several of these items are coming soon to my shoppe, so the winner will get these exclusive not-yet released notions from Whimsies Cottage!
Now, how we opened up our business that was several years later. We have two close friends that were getting married and they asked Dyanne to marry them, plus they asked me if I’d play at their wedding. Which we did. Then someone who was at that wedding heard us and saw us, and then they asked us if we would do their wedding. So, we really built the business out of word of mouth.
For the final installment of my initial project, I decided to make a vertical, single candle sconce with an antler attached to the bottom of the candle shelf. I also decided to challenge myself a little bit by making the top and bottom of the sconce rounded. I don’t own a protractor or any fancy tool to create the guideline for the rounded cut, so I got creative and used something I did have. I found a tin we had in the house that my wife had bought to put peanut brittle, toffee, or cookies in to either store or give away for Christmas. The diameter of the tin just happened to be almost exactly the same as the width of the wood I used for the sconce face, and I was able to trace half the circumference of the tin on the piece of board to make the guidelines for the top and bottom of the sconce. I used my trusty jigsaw to make the rounded cuts and then sanded the edges to be smooth and even. I ended up deciding to use sandpaper to round the bottom corners of the shelf as well to complement the rounded top and bottom of the sconce. For the rest of the sconce, I followed the same procedures as the previous 2 sconces. Here is a picture of the completed project.
In a large bowl, whisk together pumpkin and sugars until sugar is dissolved. Add all other ingredients except for flour and whisk until mixed. Stir in flour, just until mixed. Bake at 350 for about 20 minutes. This also makes a good layer cake.
When commissioned Gillespie King and Coia, GKC intended to create a space of space of beauty and spiritual reflection relevant to the modern world, therefore they decided to use a cutting edge modernist design and materials. GKC had an obsession with light and wanted the space to reflect the otherworldly nature of religion. On the ground floor the large open plan area and glass windows were designed to give the trainee priest the sense of being out of the space whilst in it, highlighting the church’s connection with the outside world. In addition to this theme GKC aimed to make the link between the spiritual and the material as tenuous as possible. Therefore the concrete structures that echo the popular housing designs of the era attempted to subconsciously train the priests to be used to working in a ‘real world environment’. The building was divided into different sections aiming to give priests a sense of work and play. However the site was actually modelled on monastic designs so still held deep religious connotations whilst the striking design reflected the changing era.
To be honest, the characters really started to bother me the more I thought about them. I’m used to, and rather tired of, the little boy lost routine, even when it looks as good as Brody does it here (the man should not be allowed to wear contemporary clothing. You’ve seen the internet. You know what I mean.), but it ended up being the ladies that really bugged. Weisz’s Penelope is essentially a mid-30s version of the Manic Pixie Dream Girl, a blank slate that Brody’s recovering con man can write his future on. I give Weisz credit for infusing Penelope with as much life and agency as she could, but on paper, the character is a mess. I kept hoping for a third-act reversal that would give Penelope some depth, but no such luck. And perhaps the less said about the eternally silent Bang Bang (Kikuchi), the better. She doesn’t even get to speak in her own language – rather, she sits around looking adorable in kooky couture, trading meaningful looks with the boys and occasionally blowing things up when called upon. Manic Pixie Dream Girl, killer geisha version 2.0.
As Job said in the midst of his desperation, after he too lost everything, all at once: “I know my Redeemer lives…”
Well, the data is in. And I'm reversing one of my long-held beliefs about writing.
(Lee & Low Books)
'It could be, but it's not. Mary is shown with a book because it is her own book, her message that she has left these for us to find. And I hope it will give us insight in to the mystery of her oldest son and his fate, because we just don't know. I'm hoping that the Magdalene will put that mystery to rest for us herself.'"
-Concerns over bringing a black child into a racist city
As the arrests by the newly empowered military get really underway, as the machine of oppression, labour camps and death gets going, it will be fed by the willing participation of the population giving up each other in a petty play of petty vengeances, unable to forgive each other. The glee of watching a hated neighbor or family member carted off to oblivion will only be tempered by the ever present paranoia of being on the list themselves, of being the next door that the black auto stops at.
Gustafson A, Hender P, Schütz A, Skerfvings S. Occupational lead exposure and pituitary function. Int Arch Occup Environ Health 1989; 61: 277-281.
This is an older appearance from earlier in the year, but I want to continue posting NDE-related videos as I come across them.
The one good thing about this park is that the rides are specifically for small children. Trevor was able to ride his first roller coaster - Coastersaurus. We couldn't believe that he was big enough but we went with it. He thought he was a big boy. He didn't care for it so much during the ride, but as soon as he heard his big brother say he liked it then Trevor said the same thing. However, he didn't ride it again that day.
The first stage of encapsulation has completed successfully. You
Choxi by Prestat
Five spice powder
Perhaps the worst bit of Nanny State pandering on this site is the reaction game at which you must be the farmer catching eggs from his chicken. No I'm not kidding and this pile of shit is payed for by us the taxpayer!
Renowned for their unusual and inventive window displays and floral arrangements, the collection reflects this, containing several photographs of store fronts, interiors, kiosks, and floral decoration from the early 1900s to the 1990s. The collection also contains newspaper cuttings, minutes, and shareholder records.
While I’m sucking all the life out of a fine performance, let me take the opportunity to note a good example of how expert musicians can trade licks to form a kind of musical conversation. Just about half way into this jam (the 2:15 mark), Hartman plays a little C#-D-E-C#-A phrase:
All of the varieties have a nice mild flavour and a smooth and creamy texture. With two young children I'm really busy all the time and this makes a quick, convenient healthy snack for both my toddler and I. It would also be great for entertaining spread on crackers and topped with something such as berries or tomato slices. The Light variety is only 30 calories per wedge so it won't ruin your diet if you're counting calories.
The check-in process was maddening. Try to imagine the most inefficient way to check a group of 8 adults and 7 children and you still can’t come close to how it actually happened. And in the midst of it all, the power kept going off! It was wild. We were getting closer and closer to the time our flight was to leave. It seriously took hours just for them to check us in and check our baggage. (This wasn’t even waiting in a line! This was simply them actually checking us in!) The sad thing is, is that it was all wrong. They hadn’t checked several of us in for anything beyond our first flight, and had our baggage all mixed around.
Reinforcing this view of the British as anti-Israel and prepared to cooperate with the anti-Israel boycott, Wikipedia states:
I have to say that the Imaginisce Happy Camper collection is absolutely adorable....I have made numerous projects with it already and I love the patterns...not to mention the names of the papers!!! I also love the naked clock, decorating it was super easy and the kids had fun inking the cuts and adding stickers...thanks so much Liz! I will be looking for more of these in the future...super quick and easy!
At least 20 bodies were recovered, as of posting. Reports say some of the people onboard the Airblue flight may have survived the crash.
Here is a close up of the hat and the bow!
1 (28 ounce) can diced tomatoes with garlic and olive oil
“The nights where there are more fans for the opposing team than ours won’t happen in Brooklyn,” Nets CEO Brett Yormark told the Daily News. “We’ll have diehard fans that are going to grow up as Brooklyn Nets fans.”
Hi I’m known as Kasey ~ in Oz out there in blogland, I’ve been a creative person for most of my life and tired my hand at all sorts of crafts from Leadlighting to Millenary, Ceramics to Beading. I found papercrafts about 6 years ago, I was going through some stuff the other day and found a few of those early cards. OH MY! How far I’ve come since those days. I dabble in Scrapbooking now and then my 3 year old granddaughter is the subject of most of my pages……AND….I have found a new love ….’Copic Markers’! I’m slowly building my collection as well as my knowledge on how to use them. I love bling, Vintage style, layers and detail on my cards and I really struggle with CAS! I consider myself to be a bit of an aging hippy and love paisley, folk music and then I move on to 60s and 70s rock! : ) I am so proud and excited to have been selected to be part of the Southern Girls challenge team and hope to provide our followers with inspiration from my projects. I’m amazed and thrilled to have found so many lovely ‘Blends’ (blog friends) through playing along with challenges and being part of design teams over the past year.
"Spend everyday casual, but industrious; Every moment alert, but relaxed."
The busy-ness of Spring has worn me thin and the city noise has learned to quiet itself in the midst of my thoughts; a yoga skill I’ve come into.
I have to say that those reactions come from non-romance readers. People who read and enjoy romance are excited to meet an author. I’ve never had anything but a truly wonderful experience with readers. And it’s a large community. Romance comprises the largest segment of the fiction market. With sales exceeding 1.3 billion dollars in 2010, romance beats the next largest segment (religious/inspirational) by nearly 600 hundred million dollars.
So yesterday I got into the car to go get something from somewhere, and I heard the tail-end of an interview with some philosopher-guy. All they said in the twenty seconds I heard was that God and football are the main topics at Notre Dame, although there are a few others ha ha, and then they said his name is Alvin Plantinga, and he has a new book.
1) overcome your old programming; it was very useful when you where a child and in your growing years and now is time to pass over it;
Furthermore, how does an alien species communicate with these whales across the galaxy to the point they come looking for them after not receiving any word from them for three centuries? I suppose whales not only have some sort of special way of communicated across the far reaches of space, but it makes them so much more awesome than humans, the aliens only want to talk to them.
Legionaire's Disease Band
Today is the publication day of my fifth book!
I did,
I'm at some bigwig mover and shaker function I have no real business being at but I'm there because I'm supposed to be and I'm not happy about it. outdoor party at the villa the italian embassy used in iraq. the walls are high, some 20 feet. All I know is that its supposed to be keeping something out.
I was listening to Spotify as I studied, and the music was inturrupted by a commercial. This happens often, as I refuse to pay to get rid of the ads. And this commercial was actually new, instead of the Safeway Pharmacy commercial they usually repeat over and over.
I saw this recipe on youtube and had to try it! You can use any box mix. I used the one that was the cheapest (Pillsbury .94 - bargain!) in devil's food with pudding and Cherry Coke Zero.
Jacket: All Saints
**Sew shoulder seams together with RS facing.
And so, we saved each other, if you can call it saving when it takes the form of body glitter and cast albums and singing "Hot Lunch" in the back of a public bus.
-- In 1966, there 385,000 American troops in Vietnam, of which over 6,000 would be killed that year alone. A massive protest hit the streets of New York in April 1967 and dozens burned their draft cards in Central Park. A Maxwell House coffee can was famous used to burn the cards. A new client for Don Draper?
And now, on with the TEN ON TUESDAY WHICH IS REALLY TAKING PLACE ON A WEDNESDAY:
This has been a major request from iPhone users. If you buy a new iPhone, or restore, or update your iPhone, then you would have to sync with your computer to get all your previous settings (restore from backup). But, now, with iCloud, you also have PC-free over-the-air updates and syncing. This means that you will not need to connect your iOS 5-based device to a computer to restore to previously saved settings, or to download previous apps.
And our mothers?
The routinization of HIV testing as proposed by H.R. 4470 is necessary if we ever want to stem the tide of this epidemic that shows no signs of slowing. With the incredible new anti-retroviral drugs on the market today, HIV+ people can live better, fuller, longer lives than would have been imaginable even 15 years ago. With ART therapy and a holistic system of care, there’s quite literally no telling how long people can live with this disease. From a strictly biological level, HIV is now another chronic illness like diabetes or Parkinson’s disease. But, as long as we attempt to pigeonhole what at-risk HIV populations look and act like, we perpetuate the stigma that makes HIV so much more painful to deal with mentally and spiritually. We have the medicines and the know-how to treat HIV. We just don’t have the trust needed to do so. Testing everyone is a way that we can show solidarity with the HIV community. It’s time we let the world know that this disease is defined by no one and concerns everyone.
Plus, in wishing for the "Magic Button" that would do most of the heavy lifting for me (ie, bring over 70-odd posts from i live here:SF without screwing up my entire year's work), it turns out that Wordpress actually DOES have something called the Magic Button.
"Can we kill it?" This far from a Sherim, Rel didn't fancy trying to draw the creature back to its own Realm, but not all Wildren could be killed in the First Realm. How did you hurt a cloud?
Former BSYO member, Nick Russoniello, has just been awarded one of the highest awards for young musicians…the ABC Symphony Australia Young Performer Award. Nick was born and raised in Wollongong where he studied at Wollongong Conservatorium of Music with Nigel Edwards (Head of Woodwind) and attended Wollongong High School for the Performing Arts. He has since gone on to study at Sydney Conservatorium of Music and Conservatorio di Musica Di Milano in Italy, and now performs as a soloist and with the ensembles Continuum Sax, The Sax Summit, and Duo Histoire.
Jesus said to them, “If God were your Father, you would love me, for I came from God and am here; I did not come on my own, but he sent me. Why do you not understand what I am saying? Because you cannot bear to hear my word. You belong to your father the devil and you willingly carry out your father’s desires. He was a murderer from the beginning and does not stand in truth, because there is no truth in him. When he tells a lie, he speaks in character, because he is a liar and the father of lies.
David Bowie – “Sorrow” (RCA)
I decided that perhaps my fever was getting the best of me, so I decided to take a shower to cool off while I turned off all the lights in my room, and turned on all the lights in the kitchen. That'll draw him out, I convinced myself as I showered.
But amongst all these changes, some things have remained unaltered. Take Commando for instance - it's still packed with action and adventure, everyman heroes and villains, and the best comic art still resides on and between its covers.
we cannot rise above the limitations of our character
Where will be the Park Slope shop be located?
As for me, I have my jewels (my children.) My treasures (their artwork and handmade gifts they’ve given me over the years; family photos; and the like.) And a few things handed down to me from my ancestors–dresses from my mother, grandmothers and a great-grandmother; costume jewelry from my mother and grandmothers; a book about Paris from my grandpa; a table and chairs from a grandmother; a white trunk that traveled from England and carted the entirety of my great-great grandmother, Mary Ann Quinn’s, worldly possessions to Utah in the 1800s; and various family stories, all of which I appreciate because “Family stories make the most valuable heirlooms.” (Unknown)
I became addicted to ceviches in Mexico. Still remember the ceviche from Hacienda Puerta Campeche. And the snail or octopus ceviche we had at the beach in Celestun.
Bookshop listing with UK Bookland
Military intervention may or may not be the right idea, but people supporting KONY 2012 probably don’t realize they’re helping fund the Ugandan military who are themselves raping and looting away. If people know this and still support Invisible Children because they feel it’s the best solution based on their knowledge and research, I have no issue with that. But I don’t think most people are in that position, and that’s a problem.
All in all, not bad for a tiny little country which makes up less than 1% of the world’s habitable land mass and contains less than 1% of the world’s population. No other country in the world can claim to have so consistently been on the right side of good and evil. No other country in the world can claim to have built the modern world. No other country in the world has exerted so much influence over all other countries, as has England.
When Leonard received the e-mail, the little kitten was starting to explore the apartment on its own while Henna nervously watched its every move.
Not that it’s bad to have seven good rotation players, it’s just kind of short don’t you think?
I don't know if it's that I feed him less during the day (maybe? we do 2 snacks & lunch, just like his school) or just that he's resigned to eating my food when he's with me or what. But it's a pleasant change and I hope it lasts!
I don't really do ruffles or lots of make up. I am definitely not "high maintenance". I have gone to the store with out make up in my workout clothes.
I received a brand new stainless steel cookware set for Christmas and so I was very happy to ditch my unhealthy non-stick pots and pans that I've had for years. I'm also almost done switching over all my plastic Tupperware to glass dishes.
Simply put, in his day, Elvis was the king of rock'n'roll.
2. Stir grated lime zest into batter.
91 not
Tonight I used the random number generator from Random.org to obtain a number between 1 and 106 to choose the winner of my 'Sunshine on my Shoulder' earrings and the number was 24.... Esme.
Roche, the makers of Lariam have received over 3,000 reports of patients with psychiatric problems resulting from the drug, from nightmare, depression, and hallucination to paranoia, psychosis, and aggression. This is the same drug prescribed to our troops to treat malaria as well. I guess it’s perfect for the U.S. Army, to have soldiers that are out of their minds when fighting unjust wars.
I always get a good chuckle when people tell me not to forget pictures when something big or semi-big is going to be happening. I chuckle because I take my camera almost everywhere with me. Seriously, I think it drives J nuts sometimes! My camera even has a name. (It’s Sonia in case you were wondering.) And sometimes I even have two cameras with me!
But first, what's the difference between an ogre and a troll? The ogre is French and the troll is Norwegian. At least, ogres are first spoken of in French literature in the late 12th century and later in Italy as well, while trolls are solidly Scandinavian. (See cave troll illustration by John Bauer, left.) An ogre is generally oversize, ugly, and brutish. Sometimes he is also a giant. Trolls seem a little less harmful to people, though some have been described as man-eaters. Trolls are said to be nocturnal, turning to stone if caught abroad when the sun comes up. Both ogres and trolls are thought of as being dense, which means that a small, clever human can trick them despite their immense physical strength.
3. Promoting events should be given careful thought. If the event clearly requires an RSVP or tickets, it is to everyone's advantage to make that blatantly clear. No one wants to show up to an event to discover that tickets cost a small fortune or that it is not open to non-members. If you would like to attend an event out of your price range, you might volunteer at the event, which frequently comes with perks. Check out my navigating food festivals post.
Last weekend Billy and I went back to Chicago and we went to the Black Diamond Charity’s 2nd annual event that my mom is in charge of. Last year, they raised around $8,000. This year it was closer to $16,000. My mom has done an amazing job and we hope it keeps doubling each year!
One more cup of coffee for the road
I started to get a few votes here and there, and then things started to go better and better. Better than I could have ever hoped for to be honest. If you look on the website under highest rated articles, I am currently at the top.
Edited to add: Thanks for all the emails about how the comment button wasn't working. Hopefully, she's good to go now. :)
This is fairly heady stuff for a farm lad from one of the Greek provinces, but even more honours were to follow when Hadrian asked him to be his personal attendant on a hunting trip, and eventually into his bed.
In this description WE ourselves are the idols. We are worshipping our own work and not giving the glory to the Most High. The Lord can use our hands to do his work, but at the end of the day it is his allowance that by which all things happen. You may sow the seed, but it will only produce fruit by the allowance of the Lord. Did you make it rain? Did you make the earth that it grows in? Did you form the sun and cause it to form light? Did you create the plants to grow by ways of the earth, sun, and rain? The truth is you did very little to make this plant grow. God prepared it all in advance, and the work you have to do is minimal in comparison to what has already been done.
until well coated. Spread in pan. Sprinkle with seasoning salt
They might be getting slightly to old for that now!!
Due to the moneylender’s trap (you borrow money at a very high interest rate and are not able to pay back even the interest as your crop is poor because of the drought), the farmers are committing suicides, selling their land, cattle and even their wives. One problem is that the soil here retains very little water unlike the black soil in other regions of Madhya Pradesh. If it does not rain at the right time with the right consistency, the drought-related distress affects the next year’s Rabi crop as well.
But, I'm losing my thread. What I was going on to say was that upon arrival this time I was met by a complaint: that I hadn't updated my FB status to say how excited I was at their impending arrival, when I had done on numerous occasions before when my friends had visited. I think it was meant as a joke with a little bit of seriousness wedged in at the back, but they didn't seem too happy when I joked right on back that I forgot, but I'd be sure to put on FB just how excited I'd be when they left. Maybe it was that big chunk of underlying truth that rendered it unfunny to them, I don't know, but hey, I was laughing.
After about 6 hours, they were done. Look at the significant size difference from the freshly sliced peppers. See how delicate they are? I just picked up the screen, rolled the peppers off the screen on to a paper towel. I then rolled the paper towel together and crushed the peppers.
I plan to use this one in the kitchen, but I shot it in my studio for better lighting at that time of day.
I can't wait to hear how this works for you all! The August menu will be ready on Friday so clean out the freezer and make room for some super easy dinners!
See what I did right there? I lowered your expectations. Now, when you read it you’ll be like, “Hey, that wasn’t terrible. It was even kinda good.” I’ll be happy and you'll have no idea you just read a really awful, terrible, no good, very bad book.
end tables
The premise is a hunt for the real Dracula, Vlad the Impaler. The mystery takes the characters (and readers) across the globe- America, Turkey, Bulgaria- all over Eastern Europe, really. As the historian follows clues taken from actual historical fact, danger follows him and those who assist him on his mission.
Let me assure you that Amazon.com does not support or promote hatred or criminal acts; we do support the right of every individual to make their own purchasing decisions.
Did you know heart disease can be reversible with food? There are some foods that remove arterial plaque, like oatmeal (use the old-fashioned kind, not the minute kind), which draws out the fats from your arteries. Avocado is critical for heart health and healing. It’s a good living fat, and contains beta-sitosterol, which has a greater impact on blood cholesterol than either olive or almond oil. Okra and eggplant are two other powerful artery scrubbers.
Any other tips you have? Please share!
and I was on my way home at least.
Anna Kendrick, Up in the Air
Racing against time and hunted by rogue soldiers, mad scientists and an organisation that operates beyond the law, Ryan digs deep into his past for a chance at a future.
Running as fast and far as my legs would take me, my body freezing from the cold. Seeing a small rocky cave I hid myself inside.
100,000-300,000: According to trafficking fanatics, the number of “trafficked child prostitutes” in the United States; this is the result of a misquote from the 2001 Estes and Weiner study which estimated 100,000-300,000 children, adolescents and young adults “at risk of sexual exploitation”, with sex trafficking as the rarest category of “exploitation” (see also “15,694“, “17,500” and “2511” below).
The full results for Zurich can be found here. This next week will be a busy one with meets in Berlin, Rieti and Roverto before the Diamond League concludes in Brussels on Friday. Between now and then I will be taking a few more looks at some of the happenings from Daegu.
I would recommend Between the Acts, but would caution that in order to fully feel and understand the story you have to appreciate the period and setting and consider the impact they have. It is the time and setting which determine the plot of Between the Acts and not the characters. They, as Shakespeare wrote, are merely players being prodded and moulded until they play their roles without question or complaint.
At that time I was initially very cautious. It didn’t seem to line up with the God of the Bible I knew and I couldn’t find anything in the scriptures to back up what was happening in these places. BUT I so desperately wanted to feel God and being among passionate Christians, I thought that this was where those sorts of people were. Some of the manifestations, including the prophetic seemed exciting and it drew me in.
2.Rajma/Kidney Beans : 1/4 cup
We used crass words, yes; it's pretty par for the course for me and especially for the feminist blogs. I admit that I hesitated about posting the words "fuck you," I didn't want it to sound mean. But on review, I assumed it would be taken in the crass, flip, somewhat humorous way it was meant. This is, after all, the internet, and if there's one thing internet feminists know how to do, it's swear.
I'd chosen the chocolate option, a glamorous cocoa-dusted orb garnished with crinkled sheets of gold leaf. It's hard to detect the cumin in the salted caramel inside, and the crumble of chocolate and honeycomb starts to become a little sweet after a while.
I find white tuxes tacky.
By Diry Three, the accompanying drawings, which include icons of childhood, and of the Lulu landscape, correlate more directly to the amusing text. It's fascinating to see the process of this feature get tweaked with each new installment.
With whom Winter conceived;
Today, I believe that the “George Pompidou Centre,” “Louvre,” and “London museum of art” represented my father’s way of bringing his kid to Disney.
IAG will have to incur the ongoing running costs of the subsidiaries until they can find a new buyer or decide to close them down, but this is a great piece of business for the group, which acquired 42 coveted Heathrow slots as part of the deal.
Significant Victory
Vit D3 – 150iu/kg
The biggest quirk, however? Sheri Moon Zombie‘s insane, creepy high-pitched laugh. From the years and years of listening to the music from this movie, I had just assumed it was a sample taken from some Japanese anime. It sounds like a tiny Asian girl. It just does NOT look right coming out of her mouth. She is freaky, smoking hot, insane, scary, and will be haunting my nightmares for some time. Clint found her to actually be scarier than the axe-wielding variety of killer found in the movie, because she’s so cute she could kill even the most paranoid.
Add heavy cream to obtain the good consistency : not too runny and not too thick.
first up.. Scrapz.biz is having a melbourne cup sweep... so i thought i'd have a go..here is the criteria.....use this sketch
Beer Log: Sept 28, 2009
It would seem that the Empire’s “responsibility to protect” (R2P) is most selectively applied, either in North Africa, the Middle East, or within the domestic United States. Cui bono?
Best of luck to those who are doing Sally Quilford's 100K in 100 Days. I'm probably opting out of that, but I'll be cheering you on and writing from the sidelines!
-Skip to the point, basically I had told a staff member I thought I had been pregnant once, but I wasn't, but I was glad my boyfriend reacted excitedly rather than upset. However, that particular comment was said after a pregnant woman (in a group of five other pregnant women) asked if I planned on ever having kids. I replied with, "Maybe someday. I thought I was once, but I wasn't. I'm glad my boyfriend was excited about it though!"
after how long i've questioned myself about how i can contribute, alhamdulillah Lyna told me about a talk to be held in cucms (med school in cyberjaya) about Palestine and getting our facts right by Prof Madya Dr Hafidzi Mohd Nor, Pengerusi of Aqsa Syarif.
I'm so excited to finally get to show my designs with the February Burlap & Buttercup kit! This kit was packed full of some gorgeous papers and embellishments! I loved the mix of October Afternoon's Farmhouse, Lily Bee's Memorandom, and Crate's Paper Heart! It is truly a fantastic kit to work with!! But then again, I have said that about every kit before and I'll be saying it again next month!! LOL!!
With all that is known about the potential for such a catastrophe, either through attack or through the normal, observable processes of the Sun, you would think that governments everywhere would be feverishly taking steps to harden critical systems. You would be wrong. Even in America where we have casually spent trillions of dollars on fruitless foreign wars in the last decade, the Congress cannot see its way to have the country embark on a program that might cost a couple hundred billion to guard against the known dangers of the Sun or even the unpredictable action of unfriendly nations (think: North Korea) that might use EMP to maximize the effect of their meager nuclear arsenals. In fact, the writer of the afterword to One Second After tells us: "A well-designed nuclear weapon detonated at a high altitude over Kansas could have damaging effects over virtually all of the continental United States."
“Every piece of writing tries to go back to its roots. A piece of writing knows what it wants and needs to be, but we get in the way. (p. 18)
Zippie! ”the sneaking feeling one has that others are conspiring behind your back to help you.”
Today we’ll learn about the second pillar in Islam which is Salat or “prayer”. Our days and nights are centered around prayer. We have 5 obligatory prayers each day and may pray more often and make supplications as much as possible if we wish. The more prayers the more rewards!
Look: there it goes, soundless, tremulous, a few timid glances, a frustrated gesture, a poem about kif, an evening’s worth of delirium, and then, nothing.
The political side of modern Illluminism is a lot more visible and its plans are obvious. An increasingly restrictive and concentrated group is being entrusted with the creation of important decisions and policies. International committees and organizations, acting above elected officials are today creating social and economic policies that are applied on a global level. This phenomenon is rather new in world history as a rather than kingdoms or nation-states, a non-elected shadow government, composed of the world’s elite, is gradually becoming the center of world power.
Phone cam recursion
(Should be noted that the novel’s basis is around the neuroscience understanding at the time it was written combined with a look at where future trends were headed. It’s not born of pure fluffy imagination. The concepts are centered around current theory).
I have this friend. She would be my social director if I let her. We run together, play together, laugh together. In March we're going to Antalya to run a race together (she the half-marathon, me the 10k). Yesterday we spent all day together. It went something like this...
I’ve been thinking a bit about the whole Spiritual-But-Not-Religious (SBNR) classification. Folks tell us it’s growing; anecdotally, I’ve got a number of Facebook friends who identify this way. As the Church writ broadly looks at mission/evangelism/formation, this is the group that looms largest. Have we done a decent job of asking who they are, what they want, and what will be necessary to communicate the gospel to them?
- 1/2 tsp vanilla
Yesterday was Astronomy Day, which is another reason it seems appropriate to start with Daniel. When we meet him, he’s operating telescopes at Kitt Peak National Observatory. In fact, he’s been a night assistant, helping astronomers, for nearly a century. His first job was assisting Percival Lowell observe the canals on Mars near the end of the eighteenth century. One night at the observatory, he was attacked by a vampire and left for dead. In the struggle, Daniel consumed some of his attacker’s blood and became a vampire himself. Being a creature of the night and a loner from the beginning, Daniel adapted easily to his life as a vampire.
Kids and glue don't really mix well, and depending on the glue it can get quite stressful for the kids, mainly because they want their creations last week, and waiting for glue to dry doesn't always go down well.
but I would rather be outside
Sad how torment and whimpers turn out to be joyous cries after a thousand tries,
Congratulations to London Metropolitan University (one of this country's "older" bastions of learning, founded in 2002) for demonstrating some supreme fuckwittery.
I also made some bunny ornies out of an old bed spread....I was super happy with them. I LOVE the color and they look really cute mixed in with my handmade Easter eggs.
Well, nicks hometown was lot of fun, and Nicks family is great :D I really did enjoy spending time with them and listening them talk Chinese with Sichuan accent- btw- very different from Mandarin. I had hard time understanding even the easiest sentences. :(
There's also a really interesting moment you just wouldn't get on a modern program today, when the Doctor calls UNIT in search of the Brigadier only to be told he's not there. They didn't have mobile phones so the Doctor just has to say "Tell I'll call him back later."
dash of sea salt
(Sorry - the photo was taken with my phone)
Growing up, my first real feud when I started watching WCW was Sting Vs Flair. They have had numerous matches against each other, they know each other as well as they know the back of their hands. Sadly, this match didn’t live up to their usual standards, but then again that was never the intention. No question, the reason why this match was moved to Impact, and not at the PPV was so they can edit it….just in case. But at the end of the day, it doesn’t tarnish my image of two legends, and Flair should stay with TNA as a mouthpiece for someone.
Sometimes something I see inspires me to realize how great our world is and how inspiring it can be just to live in it. Some years ago I saw a video Matt Harding made. He decided to quit his job and travel the world. Along the way he videotaped himself doing a silly dance in the most exotic places. I can’ t really say why it inspires me. Maybe it’s the music. Maybe it’s just the free way that he dances, letting life go, with a smile on his face, really enjoying his opportunity to live and be able to do this. Maybe sometimes that’s all we need to be inspired to get out of bed. I hope you enjoy Matt and the world he dances in.
My friend Hsing recently made tiramisu ice cream, and when I tasted it I knew that I wanted to make it too! Not long after that, I had the perfect opportunity - my cousin Angie was coming to visit and I know that she loves boozy desserts, so I decided to make it for her.
*Also, when you're focused on surviving, you don't care about all your "STUFF". When things are back to normal, I'll be doing a VERY deep clean to get rid of lots of superfluous CRAP.
That is all for now - happy requesting everybody!
The Bucs may have dropped the ball this year, but the Breweries delivered! In a former wasteland of craft beer, these breweries are proving that the Tampa/St. Pete area is now a ’stone-cold-lock’ for a craft beer destination…
So today it almost hit 90 degrees out (it still could...it's only 3:30pm) so I've got summer on the brain. It's hot out there! My kids are already begging to go to the neighborhood pool (that's not even open yet) so I figured I better start looking for a swimsuit suit or two now! I haven't purchased a new swimsuit in about 4 years (besides the one I bought 2 years ago and it was the wrong size and I forgot to send it back within 30 days so now I'm stuck with it). It's time for some new options. Here are a few I've been looking at:
Then….step three is to nominate 7 people to do likewise, so no fair ducking and hiding or pretending you don’t hear me asking you to do this…besides its harmless fun!
2. All groups hold a shared vision (at least for a while)
Our goal in doing this, is to honor the Lord first and foremost. But also in illuminating to our children the "lost" meaning of this commandment.
So, here’s some basic stuff about the plot.
With the aliens dead the first thought that came to my mind was Sheri, I went running back to the motel only find most of it destroyed. Sheri would later be found in the rumble; her body crushed when one of the explosive rounds the aliens fired detonated inside and caused it to collapse. Troops arrived as I was trying to dig her out and everyone in the area was quickly carted off, whether they wanted to or not, to some undisclosed location along with what pieces of the aliens they could find and their ship.
For more than a decade, Ms Swisshelm made trouble and enjoyed doing it. In a brilliant piece in her newspaper, she described her feelings about what was refered to as “the woman’s sphere.”
After reading all of these critiques, I think my own position has evolved. I agree that Obama made some mistakes in his interview that need rectifying. The following is what I think Obama should have said…. (my altered version in bold…):
“I tried to be a writer for a long time but that meant I just stayed in trying to write and never went out meeting people I could write about. I was not quite normal. I got wrapped up in what I wanted the writing to mean rather than just telling a story.
If you look closely at the cheque, our Food and Fun fair raised a total of $187 809.62! This just goes to show how successful the Food and Fun fair was last week, and also.. How generous the parishioners of OLPS!
Finally after four months of doctoring we did another colonoscopy. You can imagine how both of us felt when Dr. Hightower told me that there was a suspicious mass at the sight of my previous surgery and I would need surgery again. The son-of-bitch at VA missed it. It would not have made any difference in my needing surgery, but I would not have gone through such hell and have the problem taken care of a year earlier. The bastard.
Alex: If you would like to provide feedback on a recent travel experience, use the form on this Web page. If you would like to contact United regarding future flight reservations, select the Contact Us link below. View Page
-If you plan on eating the greens (which are good if you like bitter greens; similar to beet greens), choose evenly-colored leaves, make sure you wash each leaf thoroughly, look for and remove any bad spots, and remove the stems.
I used 3 - 12"x4" strips of Cherry Cobbler and scored them every 1/2" for the Rosette. Then I used the Hearts Framelits to make the hearts. After I hot glued the rosette on to the Circle punch (behind the hearts) I hot glued the Cherry Cobbler bakers twine to hang the hearts on the bottom. The hot glue holds it in position quite well.
Someone said, in a comment to a previous post, that the Queen is benign. No, she’s not, the best she’s ever been is neutral, as she should be, but she’s an absolute liability right now and is complicit in destroying the Welfare State, which ensured, for the most part, that the poor, sick, disabled, and vulnerable would get what they needed in terms of healthcare, housing, and sufficient money to survive – all of which is now considered to be a crime against society.
I need 50 registered voters to sign a petition by May 15, 2012. I’m aiming for 100, just to be on the safe side. There’s not a lot but enough reading material to go through and comprehend. I received from the County Clerk‘s office the petitions, an upcoming primary and general election specific reference, and a small read titled, “Preparing, Circulating And Filing Petitions for Public Office“, printed for $.11 each by the Michigan Department of State, Bureau of Elections. It says January 2004 so I’m assuming nothing has changed. It has jam-packed excitement jumping off of each of the 12 pages.
This is how thick I layered it on. Now we begin to dry the the frosting with the heat tool. Start from the backside of the cardstock first and when you can see it starting to dry a bit and puff up, finish drying it drm the fron...do not get too close or you will burn your frosting....We're cookin now, huh? Isn't your frosting fluffy!
Enough said- lovely cover, though. It was ever thus.
So nothing really pleasant to write about here. I Tweet, I Pin, and I try to keep up a cheery front at work and help people where I can because that's all I can do. But at the end of the day I'm so exhausted that I make something to eat for dinner (considering I can't afford and can't get myself to eat breakfast or much lunch since I was sick earlier in the year) crawl in front of the laptop, watch a little Netflix, and work on the blanket or the paranormal research.
This find was especially SWEET since I was able to share the find with a friend, her little boy, and my own teens.
Slowly I grew to a 30" waist and I weighed about 132 pounds. That was a weight that I stayed at for nearly a decade till I grew to a 32" waist and weighed in at about 158 pounds. I stayed that weight give or take 5 to 7 pounds till January when I quit smoking and have finally realized that no my pants have not shrunk I have grown. I now am pushing 178 pounds into 32" waist jeans and pretending that my hips are supposed to feel pained all day long till I can get home and rip them off faster than a hooker with a new john.
ABOUT THE WEBINAR
15And this is in agreement with the words of the prophets, as it is said,
Stolichnaya Razberi (Raspberry) – 37.5%
Tom: Brady has all day to throw the ball, touch down, extra point. (10-9, N.E.) Halftime, Madonna.
Blake
What!? Is this not somewhat disturbing? To the best of my knowledge (and I am not going to perform a Google Search on this), nipples should not be square in shape, nor have lines in order for them to be easily snapped off at regular intervals. Odd. Sadly, this is not the most disturbing food-breast reference in the book. On page 29, Dolores' father sees fit to call her budding breasts "walnuts" and tweak them whilst swimming. Disgusting. And, as with any "coming of age" type book, we are presented with numerous descriptions of masturbation and romance novels.
And what to you think about this one? Clearly, it's not the same photo, maybe even a different couple, but I do think it's the same alleyway. The lamps look the same. What cinches it for me (or maybe "clinches" it, considering what these couples are up to!) is that damaged spot on the lower left wall.
Then Jesus said to his host, “When you give a luncheon or dinner, do not invite your friends, your brothers or sisters, your relatives, or your rich neighbors; if you do, they may invite you back and so you will be repaid. But when you give a banquet, invite the poor, the crippled, the lame, the blind, and you will be blessed. Although they cannot repay you, you will be repaid at the resurrection of the righteous.” Luke 14:12-14
The stuff about writer’s block starts at 5:34:
Nearly 2,000 women and children are missing.
Angie has been wearing Bashful Blush, a versatile "your lips but better" shade. This is the perfect color for anyone who wants a muted, slightly brownish pink for daytime wear. It goes on with just the right amount of pigment and a subtle sheen, right out of the tube. It looks especially beautiful with Angie’s coloring: she is a pale brunette with blue-gray eyes.
So tired. Just want to settle on the bottom…no more swimming, no more breathing. I want to be one of those little black birds that sit on the hydro wires, staring out at all that open space before them. Watching the fields and roads, nothing to do aside from hunt down some breakfast.
The Latrobe Brewing Company, in a small town in Western Pennsylvania, had been home to Rolling Rock from 1936 until 2006, when Anheuser-Busch purchased the Rolling Rock brands and began brewing it in Newark, New Jersey, although they pledged to carry on the tradition born in this green bottle. This saying is still seen on the back of the bottle preceded by Anheuser-Busch’ own statement of: “To honor the tradition of this great brand, we quoted from the original pledge of quality.”
EPUB 3 supposed to be backwardly compatible with 2, so we won’t have to go back and update older documents when the reading systems upgrade. He expects that reading devices will be up to EPUB 3 in 2012.
If I say no, I mean no. I have banned TV for a week in the hope that it’ll sink in, that you can’t behave like that, without consequences. You have a thing about eating sandwiches after school. I will buy you one if it’s right after school because you’re always hungry, but not if you’ve just eaten something at after school club. You love your food!
What was your favorite part of Christmas this year?
I'm now thirty-one but I still think about him. I don't want to see him again. But even now, after all these years, I still miss him, even though that sounds weird.
08 Willow
They wanted to know what the difference between a "cap" hair net and a "fringe" hair net.
Thought we would avoid all that, but our Gals were charming and helpful and we enjoyed all the group excursions a lot. With one exception, the other vacationers were fine folks.
While CNN is "exposing" the inequity of the anger-inducing conservative radio airwaves and the president is attacking Fox News, BO's plans to control the internet are coming closer and closer to fruition. Slamming the door on internet communications amongst conservatives has to be a primary goal of this administration, so they are feeling their way on that angle, too. But here's the deal. BO can shut down the internet, pull the plug on Fox, cram the AM airwaves with tree hugging communist whackjobs, and we'll still win. We will win because we have something he does not: love of our country.
Breckenridge BBQ & Brew Pub Breckenridge Pandora's Bock
And I don't mean 'four of a kind' or 'straight flush' poker straight. I am thinking about the hair kind that seems to be in all the magazines this season......The very straight, no kinks, waves or curls, kind of hair that hangs curtain-like without movement or volume. Think Gwyneth Paltrow style locks...
The more I watch the show, though, the more I am in awe of the plot structure. As an English teacher, I usually pay attention to how a story is put together, whether it’s on TV or in a book. As a writer, I have to be aware, but because I can’t plot and outline to save my life, my structure is fixed after I’m done writing. I push the story out and then make sure the structure holds together during revisions.
Tonight I do have to add he has started singing with me. When I sang, he chimed in as well. It's the best ever! I enjoy these moments so much and don't ever want them to end. Life is good.
"You could have loved me that day and maybe I believed it then, but now I need proof. Do you love me?"
231 **5. “Freedom of Speech and the First Amendment: Explorations.” Texas Tech Law Review, vol. 21, pp. 1941-2086 (1990). (Sources: Items D-XII/6/1985, D-V/13/1963, D-V/24/1965, D-IV/29/1966, D-IV/26/1968, D-IV/16/1986, D-XI/4/1987, D-XII/12/1988, D-III/10/1988, and D-VIII/23/1987, below.) (Reprinted in James L. Swanson, ed., First Amendment Law Handbook (Deerfield, Illinois: Clark Boardman Callaghan), 1993, pp. 51-184.)
three - 5 5/8 inches x 5 5/8 inches (14.3 cm x 14.3 cm)
I love making tags as they are super quick yet are really effective on those small gifts.
“According to current statistics, 45% of corn and 85% of soybeans in the United States is genetically engineered (GE). Estimates of 70-75% of processed foods found at our local supermarkets are believed to contain GE ingredients.
The first stanza paints a familiar picture of loneliness with simple grace – and the clothes they chose that morning/and were seen in all day. That detail is an example of the poet telling us something that we all know – yes, when we choose our outfits for work, we are seen in them all day – yet making it resonate in a new way, almost as a type of resignation.
Dr Who theme tune - the original - was one of those things I'd wait for on a Saturday afternoon after World of Sport had finished. Mum was usually preparing Saturday tea, which was always ham cobs with butter. Normally as a kid (bear in mind I'm talking not even 10 years old at the time), I'd have dozed off on the settee, so the cosiness of the coal fire would leave me feeling snug and the familiar sound of my mother moving back and forth from kitchen and living room, accompanied by the chink of china and cutlery just added to the feeling of a safe and loving environment for me. The those initial 'dang-da-dang' synthesizer sounds would spew from the tv and mum would call to me, 'Mark, wake up, Dr Who is starting!'
My parents arrived on Saturday evening...which poor them, what a crazy day! Their first flight left at 12ish, so they tried to eat a quick lunch before boarding, but apparently both ended up with crappy food. On the airplane they got pretzels. They had a 45 mins stop in Tampa, but really weren't supposed to get off the plane...so by the time they got to PR at 7:30, they were starved. Papa and the kids dropped me off at the airport to meet them outside baggage claim. That all went smooth...until we went to to the bus pick up line for the rental car....an hour later, the bus finally came. Every other company had numerous busses passing through...not ours. I won't name names, but let's say they weren't very good at "picking us up". Once we got there, we met Papa and the kids there. Everyone was so excited to see each other! Papa and Grandpa waited in line to get the 15 passenger van we'd reserved. It took another hour to get the van......to the lot. They hadn't brought it over, it was not ready. After they got it to the lot, they had to inspect it, wash it, and then finally turn it over. So by 10:00, we were FINALLY on the road to home....everyone starving!
Charles Hillenbrand is tormented by grief. When sinister whispers in the night begin to taunt him, he tries to uncover the evil truth behind Naomi's death. But long-buried secrets await him and threaten to take him beyond the brink of sanity, to a place where he could lose his very soul.
Drinking? Yeah, but nothing containing alcohol. I don’t often drink anything other than water. If I drink anything else its usually juice or Dr Pepper.
Post by Brand begins here:
Thank you my friends I am still a materialistic being,
Hey Peeps! I know alot of your have been letting me know you have issues with your subscription to my blog and I appreciate that! I have done some research and it seems I let my subscription to the URL “thegrizasonline” lapse and someone in cambodia bought it out from under me. So, I have now changed the URL to “grizaland.com” and am trying to change my feedblitz settings as well.
Brand: Beano
Dragon sized monstrosities
“Aye, aye,” Tanner replied and turned on his heel to return down the hill to the camp below.
Oh and before I forget, our special sister, Deb’, well she requested we ordered her a new sim card, she wanted to make sure her soon to be ex-husband couldn’t text or ring her so that was organised, although ironically, whilst standing in the O2 shop, he rang and we hung up on him 3 times within a matter of minutes before removing the battery and sim card and oops he can’t contact her again on there, whoopee.
On the far side of the pond the ground had really gotten low. This whole part of our backyard is on a gentle slope and after months and years of rain the ground starts to wash away. It made planting anything there difficult because it was lower than the pond edge.
Port Brewing High Tide Fresh Hop IPA
“The time you had above your poor degree,
3. Talking of shopping, I did a bit of a crazy shopping splurge in Boots on Wednesday afternoon when I got so fed up from being stuck inside for three days (minus the running), staring out of the window at the dull weather. I say ‘splurge’ by my standards – I am a student after all. But I did get quite a lot, despite telling myself I only needed a few ‘essential items’. New mascara? Check. New nail polish? Why the hell not. Shall I finally get around to trying those Tweezermans which I hear are highly recommended? Better make it now or never. I didn’t feel guilty for it at all, to be honest, for I’d deserved it. At least I tell myself I did.
I rewatched a couple episodes of my favorite Japanese drama (野ブタ。をプロデュース) with Korean subtitles recently. That was quite the experience. My brain felt like it was doing gymnastics at the Olympics. The awesome thing is that I understood maybe 85-90% of the Korean subtitles I read, while my ears also understood maybe 10-15% of the Japanese. My brain kept trying to connect the two, but the synapses just didn’t seem to be forming. Haha. Well, I’ll keep watching and see if it gets easier.
my dollar store makeover... you'll be surprised at
You are forever in my heart....
On Friday July 14, 1979, I was a 20-year-old American living in Holland Park, London, and working full time at a restaurant called BJ’s Roast Beef on Fulham Road near Chelsea. I was in the middle of a six-month visit to England; no definite plans, just soaking up as much of the British culture as possible (including the beer), before returning home. There was a lot of great music in London that summer; it was hard to choose who to see on any given night. From where I lived it was about a 15 minute walk to one of the main music clubs in West Kensington called The Nashville, a famous pub that from 1976 to 1980 had a lot of bands play there like The Sex Pistols and Elvis Costello. A co-worker had mentioned earlier that we had to see a guy called Lew Lewis that evening, so we met up around six o’clock and started walking toward the venue. We were still too young to have any real problems in the world; whatever we made each week at our jobs we happily spent all of by the next Friday. There were no bills or mortgage payments to fret about, no responsibilities. Looking back, I’m surprised we didn’t float away, we had so little worries to tie us down. As we got closer to the pub, a young man on a bicycle went past us; my friend Keith said, “Hey, that’s Lew Lewis.”
Walk into a very busy person’s office and while they watch you with growing irritation, turn the light switch off/on 10 times.
The grant coincides with the inaugural tour’s only California stop on Saturday, September 11 at Citizens Business Bank Arena in Ontario, which shall be followed by the finale in Las Vegas, Nev. (Thomas & Mack Center) on Sept. 25. Tickets and information are available at streetleague.com
Needless to say, we may be absent from the Blogosphere for a week or two.
Here is April's bio in her own words...
sunday we went to an early service at veronica's church. then went to lunch at a hot dog place, where i had a hamburger, because i'm just a picky eater and knew i'd like the burger. sunday was the nicest day of all, it was beautiful and sunny and they were gracious enough to take me to the beach so i could get a few pictures. the ocean is so beautiful. it's one of my favorite parts of california...that and the palm tress. rank near the top.
In the months that followed that debut, the culture of protest evolved and diversified with further large protests, most notably on 25 March, 25 April, and 24 May. In late March-early April 2011 there was a schism, as a new movement – “Don’t Touch My Nationality” (TPMN) – emerged in response to the national registration programme, which became deeply unpopular among that half of the population descended from black Africans. The issues centred around the insensitive and inequitable methods used by authorities to prove nationality, with the implication that they were deliberately trying to exclude citizens on the basis of their skin colour. This exposes wounds in Mauritanian civil society that are yet to heal: inequalities attributed to racial discrimination; the failure to eradicate slavery; and a series of events up to and during the Mauritania–Senegal Border War of 1989-91, when tens of thousands of black African citizens were forcibly expelled and still unknown numbers were massacred. There were aggressive actions during several TPMN protests in 2011, including an incident when a police vehicle was destroyed, and arson attacks on the courthouse and census office in Kaédi. The response to TPMN protests by police was immediate and more brutal than previous protests featuring more “white” Arab participants, which only lends more weight to the claims of discrimination.
This is how I look at the way I relate to my kids. I'm focused on building my relationships with them. They will learn the things they need to know in the process. Other people might watch me react calmly, respond gently to my daughter's anger and impatience, and think I'm missing out on a chance to teach her how to speak politely, or that I'm too lazy to punish her or to fight back. They might shake their heads at my chasing down the wild shots.
I've very grateful to report that over the last week or so, I have been slowly returning to my normal self. A few times a day, Hank breaks into song with lyrics consisting of "welcome back, welcome back!"
i know you liked the suprise.
There you have it. Hope you like the schedule I've finally come up with. I'm looking forward to celebrating all that's YA with our new YATT badge. I can't wait to see what you all come up with!
Last August the police had to close the largest gypsy camp in Britain at Dale Farm and the biased television news reports once again left gypsy men out of their news reports and documentaries.
I will add the info you request on the centre.
All right, I'll lay off the marketing, which in fact belie an impressive effort at a mild beer.
Unfortunately, as fabulous as it is, I think it's a fail in Babygirl's Room. As hard as I try to like it (because, damnit, I spent 1000 hours gluing 500 effing coffee filters to it!), I just don't love it in her room.
One might wonder what could possibly be bad about losing 100 lbs. Well, first of all, you don’t gain all that weight just because you like food. There are underlying issues to deal with and they don’t go away with the weight. In fact, not having food to cover them up with makes them all the more apparent. That could (and should) be a blog entry in itself. Later. And you would think the ability to shop anywhere would be fun and maybe one day it will be, but right now, it’s overwhelming. I used to have 2 or 3 stores I could shop in and very limited options. Now I can choose almost anything and I’m not sure where to start. I’m not sure what my “style” is if it’s not loose shirts over pants. The other day, my husband and I were shopping (he needed new pants because he’s lost a lot of weight too) and I passed this pretty dress on the rack. I hesitated and then thought, why not? I took the dress into the dressing room in 2 sizes (the one I thought might fit and the one I thought would be too small), tried on the smaller one and it fit! It not only fit, it looked good! I ran out, bare-footed, to where my husband was waiting and the look on his face said it all. He hasn’t seen me in a dress in forever. I guess that was a good thing and at least, a good start.
2. Wainscot paint: Acadia White (AC-41); Benjamin Moore.
Summation: Love the setting for this place - outdoor plaza seating next to a beautiful cathedral. I had the veggie quesadilla and chicken caesar wrap on separate days for around $7 each. The food isn't amazing, the quesadilla was kind of bland but isn't bad either for the price - could do worse downtown. Definitely leave enough time to stroll through the cathedral and take-in its amazing architecture.
Hand Sanitizer
WFPL is one of Louisville's public radio stations. Last week it did a story about corn and, being in Kentucky, that means it was also about bourbon whiskey.
It should be obvious that, given the above records, frigatebirds also can be seen away from the ocean in Texas. However, even though it is not considered all that unusual to see frigatebirds along the Texas coast or in pelagic regions (Mlodinow characterizes them as uncommon, but not rare, summer visitors), records of the birds more than fifty miles from the coast “are exceedingly scarce.” All these records occurred in the fall and “were related to hurricane or tropical storm activity.”
Personal Page to Mr.Mixologist is facebook.com/DrinksOnMe
And a long stem rose
I absolutely love the parables. They are most certainly my favorite form of literature in the gospels. Matthew has packed this chapter full of them.
Rom 8:37 Nay, in all these things we are more than conquerors through him that loved us.
"The Colonel tells me that his Afronaut has not yet been able to see space but expects it any day now, once he disentangles himself from the palm trees in front of the space centre."
Back to the meal and our hotel for the night - I guess we were feeling less adventurous after a couple of days on the road but we did wander into the old town and took a stroll around its narrow streets to discover its intriguing architecture. Many of the buildings are half timbered with contrasts of medieval carved stone buildings and wonderful arched walk ways. The hotel was entered by a small wooden double door lane way which I imagine allowed horse drawn coaches to enter. Things change and on our stay, there was a classic motorcycle that rested in the entrance. Our room was average but clean and comfortable. The rooms seemed to hide behind trees, bushes, and little courtyards with tables and chairs which we enjoyed on the sunlit spring afternoon. A glass of wine in hand, I was able to tap away some emails back home on our notebook.
Let us also not forget about the change-up of politicians and members of the church. While politicians make people pray for miracles and blessings, the members of the church seems like they are the ones to make rules for the people to follow. Secularization has it, but people always has two things to follow- religion and state laws. We get conflicts because we always try to inculcate in our minds that we have to make a choice between the two.
Along the way, Righetti has also appeared in numerous horror films. Her first film role was in the low-budget chiller "Angel Blade" (2002), but her successful television carer led her to starring roles in "Return to House on Haunted Hill" (2007) and the 2009 remake of "Friday the 13th" and the recently released "Shadow of Fear".
PAUL SCOFIELD (The Crucible)
Return To Django
But now, all sorts of things seem to be going on with “American lager”, and there’s a range of flavours within, from the solid, simple and traditional, to the wild and weird. Here’s a few we tried this summer.
I went to work this morning, even though I still felt like dead meat. Everyone I met in offices, corridors and the dining hall inquired about my precious health. Every meeting had happened without me, and the world is still there.
Friends. Please help me on the exciting adventure of finding the perfect case for my new phone.
Hard to believe it, but in a few weeks, the first decade of the 21st century draws to a close.
5. It does not mean you are a failure – The majority of people with mental illnesses manage to maintain happy, fulfilled, productive lives. You may need to take some time out of work to improve your condition to the point where you can return and yes some people never manage this, but you can still lead a full life. Your past achievements do not vanish because you are unwell and you still have the rest of your life ahead of you to achieve whatever you put your mind to. First of all you need to take the time to make sure you are well enough, through treatment or just some time-out. there is still so much potential in you, you can be a success. You may wish to adjust your goals to make them more manageable with your illness but you can do so much, if you want to!
I mentioned in my last post that I’ve found a happy home in two different critique communities. In both, I’ve found people with great advice, and those with different perspectives than my own — exactly what I went out searching for. But now that I’m subjecting my writing to the critical eyes of many other writers, I’ve been bombarded with the “rules” that I haven’t thought about in a long time.
Deniz Kurtel Crosses America for ‘Double Exposure’ Tour
And all due to my Thanksgiving menu.
Ours boasts of it quite openly,
Complete Wedding Day coverage with Vicki and Tom
Take it to the altar of sacrifice
Rhian then encounters an old man on a bench. There is something magical about the way he talks, and the way he seems to have an affinity to her. He tells her a tale that is, in some way, her tale too. He tells of ravens, a giant man, a girl called Bronwen and a man from Ireland who falls in love with her. The pivotal scene is the one that most resembles the original Maginogion: the maiming of the horses by Branwen's brother - and it is after this that things unravel. The storyteller draws back and the lovers withdraw too. We follow not the specific but the general. We learn they change. We learn how it all comes apart. The giant crosses the north sea, but instead of allowing himself to be a physical bridge across a river for his army, the giant in this modern story needs to build more metaphorical bridges. When he fails to do so disaster follows. It is a satisfying and poetic interpretation of a myth.
And I could not stop there...this set is just so fun! I made a few extra little 4x4 cards for my kids to use on gifts. Plus it is had been forever since I had the opportunity to craft, so I had to take advantage of it!
Julianne crocheted little hearts to use on her Valentines but I didn't get a single picture-in fact, she never even showed me her finished ones-but I'm sure they were cute. ;-)
2. HST (Half Square Triangles), Hex's, Drunker's paths pieces, and any other shapes that I have cut with my Studio and Go cutter.
I got my papa’s nose.
It’s comfy, it’s sexy, exciting, it’s new
Murphy used to work for architects Frank Gehry and Richard Meier prior to his career as a production designer and it shows -- his work on The Sopranos earned him three Emmy nominations for art direction. The Playboy Club featured two story sets complete with cocktail lounges, dance floor, pool tables, restaurant and of course, the trademark bunny logo. I feel certain this show would have garnered him a fourth nomination.
There are three types of pleats that I use: French, Parisian, and Goblet. I have French pleat in every room in the house, except the breakfast area, where I use Parisian.
As usual, I’m gonna make a short analysis, trying to figure out how they got nominated. Liza Minnelli was probably the only lock for a nomination that year; she carries her film, Cabaret was a huge success both with the critics and the Academy and she had already won a Golden Globe for her performance; adding to it all: she was already an Oscar darling, being nominated 3 years before plus she was the daughter of their beloved Judy Garland, past nominee. From here on, I’m sure the voting was all over the place.
Fermement, à haute voix, il dit sa coulpe.
The leaf to the current, while floating downstream:
then there is this management team of people making decisions for the good of the company... uh... TOO MANY CHIEFS, WE NEED ONE LEADER PLEASE!!! some one to lay down the law, to kick some ass when necessary... and someone who is ready to stand up for us, the company, not a group of people ready to point the finger at someone else when things don't go exactly to plan....
Fred Burton is a known quantity in the highest Intelligence circles. He has been Deputy Chief of the Department of State’s counterterrorism division for the Diplomatic Security Service (DSS).
It struck him, how many of the parked, tipped-up buggies behind the Lambright barn had come from Graber Custom Carriages . . . how every family in Cedar Creek depended upon his vehicles and repair work. It was a gift, indeed, to live among the friends he served and to be entrusted with getting their families where they needed to go–and today, it seemed every man, woman, and child for miles around was showing up to wish him and Zanna well. Men in their black hats and suits chatted in clusters near the barn while their women entered the house to help with the wedding feast.
Today we are off to visit with our long time friends from CA who moved here after we left CA. They have visited us several times in MN and this is our first trip to NC, seemed each time we planned something in life switched the plan. The four of us go back to about 1969 in Fair Oaks; for a time Nevin was in Vietnam with the army and Alicia who is Panamanian stayed there with the kids. When we are together she and I both talk at the same time, making others ears very numb, but I learned this technique long ago with her otherwise I would not get in a word. We both can keep up with our dual conversations to the amazement of observers. There is something beyond the familiar or comfort in these long time connections, that is unexplainable. Perhaps surviving life's bumps and billows leaves us with a deeper appreciation of knowing one another.
As for Lenny Kravitz’ little girl, Miss Zoe is still honing her acting chops but she did alright. I’m just glad they didn’t show Angel laying eggs or eating her dinner like a fly. Blech. Oh, and she was rescued by Wolverine and brought to Professor X…not found by Cerebro. I already brought up how Havok should not be in the picture yet but I’ll add one more bit. Much like Shaw, Alex has to store up energy in order to be able to send out blasts of plasma. It’s not infinite. So that whole bit about him being in jail because he can’t control himself was definitely manufactured for the film. Sean Cassidy was another puzzling addition for me. He had a whole life as a detective in Ireland and was involved in the whole IRA thing. Banshee was a codename assigned to him by Factor Three who forced him to commit crimes by strapping a headband full of explosives to him. Stylish, right? He was later rescued by Professor X but not before he pissed off his brother, Black Tom Cassidy and lost his daughter, Siryn…all of which happened before he joined the X-Men. I honestly don’t remember much about Darwin, other than him being a ghost for a while, but I’m pretty sure he never got killed off.
Mr. Krishen later lodged a complaint at the Chanakyapuri police station, following which police personnel were deployed outside the residence. He said this was the second such attack at their Kautilya Marg residence since June 2010, when some men on motorbikes pelted stones and smashed some windows.
1. Cook the pasta according to package directions, omitting salt and fat. Drain pasta in a colander over a bowl, reserving 1/4-1/2 cup cooking liquid. Combine shrimp, onions, and garlic in a small bowl.
You can get the veneer edging in several different wood types (I know they had birch and oak). I obviously picked up a pack of the oak type and followed the instructions to wrap a piece of foil around the iron so it didn't get any glue reside on it.
1970's Vogue Paris Original 2627 Molyneux, Misses Dress
This is the goal for the day, the Calanque en Vau. The rugged 25 or so miles of coast along the entire Calanques and the countryside immediately inland has been kept a vehicle free zone with only a handful of access points to the trails, and visitors by tour boat to the inlets are not allowed to get off. So walkers have the place to themselves. The area was a natural candidate to become a national park ever since it was first protected, but it took decades to sort out the local rights, restrictions, and politics between the adjacent communities. The last time a national park was established in France was in 1979.
They have made every effort to remove the name of GOD or Jesus Christ from our Society!
ginger, as much as you want, julienne cut
Fear—what a common feeling, yet how indescribable and indefinable. Try it real quick; try to define fear. Fear is an emotion, a feeling—and our inability to define it, to readily and immediately understand it should give us pause.
A small, unfocused blur, a standing chill
And I am so immersed in the crazy I actually thought for a minute maybe I should not have accepted the offer of help. I knew my son would not be happy about it. I actually thought for a minute maybe I should have avoided the trigger and fought with the carpet myself.
I always knock before I walk into my sixteen-year-old daughter’s bedroom. Gender issues aside, I remember how my parents never allowed that courtesy, because, it was their roof and their rules, damn it. So, I got what I deserved when I entered a few days ago.
Remember when you went through a stage where you didn’t like your name? Did you think your name was too girlie, too masculine, too old-fashioned, or just plain weird? Most of the people I asked said they’ve been there.
He said a “genuine approach to the teaching of English history” should look at the origins of modern feminism.
I’m going to flip this now and talk to the women, since they also can disrespect us men. When it comes to respect, men deserve it as well, and they do get heavily disrespected. Some women think that they ‘control the zipper’ so they control men to get they want, thinking it’s fair since men get what they want; in turn, making everything about sex. News flash ladies, it isn’t about that and you should never control your man. Men work their tails off making money to support you if you’re not employed; in that sense, men deserve a lot in return. A real man, however, will only demand a little bit. He will just want someone to love him, respect him, be there for him, companionship, and someone to be a best friend and accept him for who he is.
I was talking to a fellow Charmed fan friend of mine who also watches TVD, and he and I agreed that Esther shouldn’t be able to use her powers in Rebekah’s body because there’s nothing natural about Rebekah. She’s essentially cutting herself off from nature by locking herself in her body. I’m hoping it’s body who’s put that ring of salt around the house. For what reason? I don’t know, but I don’t think Esther should be able to channel her power through Rebekah’s body. Thoughts?
That my spirit hasn't left you,
I'm not sure what I'm saying - these posts are often first drafts of ideas - and I've conflated a couple here, without quite getting to the heart of either. The wondering where superstition will exist in an age where things become increasingly virtual (does the artefact become more important? Or do libraries become as empty as the church of an ancient sect?) - and the role of over-production of art in a culture that needs the over-production more than it needs the art?
1235 **D-III/6/1996. “Curriculum Reform Revisited.” Memorandum to the Faculty, The School of Law, Loyola University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1997(9), above, pp. 134-38.)
The cozy nest of downy sheath.
- Goldfrapp released their 'Black Cherry' album;
5. Tiniest Weasel (aka Smallest Weasel)
Center a rack in the oven and preheat the oven to 425 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment or a silicone mat.
Moreover, she told us these stories.
-despite the scans that showed significant brain damage. Everyone wants Delaney to be all right, but she knows she's far from normal. Pulled by strange sensations she can't control or explain, Delaney finds herself drawn to the dying. Is her altered brain now predicting death, or causing it?
Manager: Don’t say legit.
Rahr & Sons Brewing Company Ass Kisser Double IPA
Out of this context, I paraphrase Frank Herbert’s Dune: I will face my fear and let my fear pass through me for fear is the mind-killer.
Then I work work work… I cannot wait for my lunch time! Because I *love* my Didi-made food and reading a good book. It’s the best way to escape for a short hour in the middle of your day. I read a quote once about books, “Books might truly be the only magic in this world” ~ I love books!
We wrapped up the leftovers for another day. And the darned thing came back to life!
Fold the suede in half and then make a square knot about midway to make a loop at the top of the suede.
Stay inspired!
45 sec. ME Muscle-Ups
If you're a writer, what age category do you write for?
I’m in Banff, Alberta for another two days, a week in all, and it will be heart-wrenching to leave behind such spectacular beauty. I wake up every morning, in my little 8th. floor aerie, and peer out at the snow-capped peaks, painted pink with the dawn’s light or flirting through mist and snow squalls.
Create your Culture
Happy Birthday dear the greatest mother-in-law that I am so lucky to also be friends with
I denounce it as an overhyped disappointment
and my cell phone number +27(82) 897 1018
2010.09.18 Afghanistan Baghlan 7 5 Seven locals are killed in an Islamist assault on a voting station.
collection kit of their choosing.
But now that I am again very much alone, standing at the helm, looking at the waves that seem so easily capable of engulfing this tiny vessel, and the dark skies, unsure when the storm will break, and how much worse it will get before it gets better….I must remember I am not a cork. I cannot control the skies, or the sea, though I can trust the God who can. Instead, I must learn to sail my vessel well.
Klang Kong at least has a better time of it in terms of looks. If you're gonna make a mechanical robot version of Kong, then this is the version you'd want. Those glowing eyes sold me, as well as his stiff movements every time he attacks. I guess it makes sense that you should expect Klang Kong to move like that. The real deal, though? Not so much.
He took a long drink and sighed, smiling
GDT June
Robin enjoys stepping out of her comfort zone and pushes the envelope on the stories she writes every chance she gets. She hopes her readers are just as thrilled as she is with the chances she’s taking.
Tips to live by: If a guy declares that he can’t live without you, Run! Unless you’re donating an organ to this dude, this is not flattering. This means he has nothing else going for him, no aspirations, no dreams, and nothing interesting to talk about for all eternity but how much he loves you. That gets boring after the ten thousandth time you hear it.
Literally, we cannot describe the history of life on this planet without using these mass die-offs as a yardstick. So what caused them all?
One of our most popular posts was the Indiana project reveal!
If you are in the mood for a light fun read I would recommend this book (no matter what your age!).
Robin Jones will focus on the Americans with Disability Act (ADA) and other disability rights laws that impact housing, employment, travel, education, telecommunications, voting and other areas of importance.
I should probably call this post 'first try' maybe though?
Every recipe I've made to date is pictured over on the left column. (Cobbler through blondies...which is everything...because I've also been too busy to post recipes that came after my blogoversary!)
You find yourself angry at God. Angry at yourself. Just angry.
I did tell him though, thanks to you faithful readers, that I think we might have a new business on our hands. I even told him I would go 70/30 with him. It could be called RENT A HOSTAGE. I am FULL of great ideas!
1/3 cup freshly squeezed lemon juice (2 lemons), lemon halves reserved
What difference did the -5 do to the head command?
Okay. How many of you described yourself with individual talents/abilities/traits?
In his dreams he has a plan
Twenty minutes had passed, and I looked down at my phone and noticed I was receiving a phone call from him.
There are many more titles out there in the world of steampunk comic books, graphic novels, manga, and webcomics; this brief list just highlighted a few that I've winnowed out as the best that 2010 has to offer.
how the same heart
Growing up we unwrapped Christmas on Christmas Eve but Ben....he did it Christmas morning. As a mom I like the fact that I can send the kids off to bed, practically vibrating with excitement and some how they manage to keep theirselves in the bed all in the hopes of making it one.more.night! I'm a wee bit psychotic that way...but I find it funny.
When my blood sugar levels read high with a deranged liver last year, I studiously looked up low sugar, low GI foods to keep my sugar levels in control. Thus I read few articles on the kiwi fruit. Two such can be read in these links here and here. Now, health concern beats the reluctance hands down and I do not mind at all paying the cost for these.
Chipboard. Hands down.
The vehicle’s driver and sole occupant died in the fiery crash.
- about 150g raspberries
My favourite memory was keeping all the windows and doors open in the house, putting the amps on max, strumming 5-6 chords in alteration and singing the cheesiest lyrics that even a Brie loving Frenchman would throw up. Two days later I would get approached by a neighbour telling me to “Shut the F#ck Up & play some Bon Jovi or Linkin Park“.
The target keeps on moving.
We finished off our night with a stroll back through the Quarter, window shopping along Decatur and then had a night cap at the Carousel Bar at the Monteleone Hotel. The Carousel Bar is exactly that, it has a Carousel inside! Very cool.
Week 10 Agenda
In the case of the individuals in the photo, there is a strong element of exhibitionism. However, I have met many individuals here who, by any reasonable definition, really are social misfits, with extreme and very self-indulgent lifestyles, the nature of which may not be apparent to the outsider at all.
His hands in my hair
Perhaps you could do the same? (Call your congressperson, I mean. Don’t call mine unless you have to- he’s not a very nice person.)
I still remember vividly when I went to the AMC Theaters in Burbank (that has since changed) to see Jet Li’s The One. When pulling up I surprisingly thought the line wrapped around the building was for the movie I was going to see, because obviously any movie I would want to see must be the movie of the year for everyone else too…just kidding. Anyway, I asked one of the people in line what that line was for and was admittedly surprised when they told me Finding Nemo. This was the evening and there was not one small child that I saw. Fast forward to years later on DVD thanks to my mom and I being forced to watch this film by my sister as part of family night at my apt, I finally watched Finding Nemo. I then understood the fuss in line. Surprisingly this film is amazing and without flaw. And, as my mom stated, “I don’t even like Ellen Degeneres, but she stole the show in this one.” Agreed mom. But wait, you don’t like any one do you? Just kidding.
We also got the story of how the sommelier at 40 Sardines (the former Leawood hotspot owned by Michael Smith and Debbie Gold pre-divorce) was their FAVORITE, and the sommelier was so good and knew them by name, and when they ate at Michael Smith they asked what happened to the sommelier, and Michael Smith said, “He’s right up the street! He opened his own shop!”, and she walked in and he was so happy to see them, and he remembered us and walked right over to pick up some of their best “buttery” Chardonnays because he knows exactly what she likes, and we just let him pick our wines because he’s so good…
Stretch out the dough into small pizza shapes....the fun here is stretching out your own dough, and making any shape the dough will go.
Still, I’ve valiantly sipped Leben at other Moroccans’ houses and on trips, but I have yet to actually enjoy it. In fact, I shiver a little bit at the mention of its name. Leben is the Voldemort of liquids.
The Mairie is a very imposing building, looming above the square where the metro stops
“500 years ago, you came to our pristine lands of great forests, rolling plains, crystal clear lakes and streams and rivers. And we have suffered in your quest for God, for Glory, for Gold. But, we have survived. Can we survive another 500 years of ‘sustainable development?’ I don’t think so. Not in the definitions they put ‘sustainable’ in today. I don’t think so. So, reality and the natural law will prevail: The Law of the Seed and Regeneration.
On the day that I die,
read: 2 Cor 12: 1-7 and Isa. 48: 10 both speak of a type of adversity
Mr. Woolas does not, of course, have a monopoly on what he describes as
Friday's Nature table is where we share our inspiration with each other. I can't tell you how many wonderfully fantastic ideas we have found from your links... your blogs, your creativity, your families, your loving... has
As most of you know, I've been putting a disproportionate amount of time into the anti-bridge-tolls insurgency, and today is the final "public input" meeting with the group that we've come to address (not lovingly) as the Tolling Authority. It's from 4:00 - 7:00 p.m. this afternoon, in downtown Louisville at the Muhammad Ali Center.
The depths of space to probe.
And feel free to curse. You can write “FUCK.” Not “Fu*k”
I haven't talked much about my love for cooking on my blog - mostly because when I am cooking, I generally don`t have time to slow down and take photos for food posts - though I`d love to - usually meal time is rushed around here with 2 little ones, so it just doesn't work for me right now!
1 whole chicken OR 2 whole turkey legs (thighs + drumsticks)
Welcome to the Sarasota Film Festival!
It was one of those night.
“Unless,” said my sister, “my baby barks.”
What I’m afraid of is what I’m going to do when I’m left to my own vices. What I might do when I’m not at work and passing by the gas station.
It’s a fitting name for her; kitty-Xena has mad hops, just like the person-Xena. And she has a tendency to play-bite a lot, which I guess is something person-Xena would do if she were a cat. We’re trying to stop kitty-Xena from biting though, so far with only marginal success.
We woke up at home and 24 hours later our beautiful baby boy was laying unconscious in a small country hospital. 12 hrs later, two more hospitals, four ambulance trips and two Royal Flying Doctor flights, Cameron was admitted to a children's hospital ICU. We had been at home with a normal happy life and a day and half later we were in ICU, a thousand kilometres away, with Cameron fighting for his life.
If the number of personal emails I received after writing a post on the designs of The Good Wife is any indication, this new venture should be a huge winner.
Vintage and Rag & Bone is the best combination of my closet’s contents that I can think of. This outfit is truly a mixture of time and taste. There will always be a special place in my heart for Rag & Bone, they were my introduction to daily wear of high end clothes and their sample sales are the highlight of my shopping experience every season.
Earn 10 Extra Opportunities
Hello everyone! :-) Sorry for not blogging. Apparently my OJT is taking up most of my time and I have nothing interesting to blog about but yesterday some stuff came in the mail so I think I now have some goodies to blog about so please just sit tight and wait a bit. :-)
Well folks, it’s that time of year again! On Sunday, 2/19, pitchers and catchers report for spring training! I have the fever….how about you! Florida is the place to be in March……..as well as the rest of the year! Rays spring workouts begin Monday, 2/20 in Port Charlotte. I can hardly wait for the “boys of summer” to be back in action. My husband and I both LOVE baseball and go into a sort of mourning period when the season is over. Thankfully, living in Florida lets us get our baseball fix a lot sooner that other parts of the country. All of the teams in the Grapefruit League have their spring training camps here. If you are a baseball fan-atic, you can catch any number of games within an hour-or-so drive and be back in Tampa before dinner! The mister and I are planning on being in Port Charlotte for the opening of the spring workouts as well as the spring training home-opener the first weekend of March. This is some good, wholesome, family entertainment at a reasonable price and the kiddos will love how accessible the players are in this more personable setting. I hope to see some of you out at the “old ball game”!
and you will adhere
Now please just go to your rooms and don't come out again until you learn to make nice.
Wynkoop - A Colorado institution founded by current CO governor John Hickenlooper. Food isn't bad, beer is average to very good, but the space is killer. Its in an old brick warehouse and has a pool hall on the top floor and a comedy club in the basement. Wynkoop hosts many of the best beer events in town and it is conveniently located across the street from Union Station and the light rail.
and he had difficulties to stand upright
And another thing, why blame the media for ‘leaking their tactics’ when the police could have opted to say nothing whenever interviewed? Why let the media in on their plans? The thing lacking here is procedure as Santiago mentioned in his statement.
Like that state’s noxious and contested immigration law, the move cannot be read as anything but a blatantly anti-Latino move. Unlike SB 1070, however, this ruling doesn’t bother to disguise its prejudice with the excuse of illegal entry or unauthorized residence. No, this move simply seeks to make sure Latino students, citizen and non-citizen alike, don’t get too uppity.
Bank of America’s new debit card fee, which also has been tested or implemented by other banks, joins a long and growing list of similar charges that consumers now encounter in the course of daily life. Among them: airline baggage fees, hotel Internet fees, “convenience charges” for concert and sporting tickets, ATM fees, bank teller fees, paper statement fees, fees hidden in phone and cable bills, taxicab fuel surcharges and exorbitant shipping and handling costs.
(top) Nancy Oakes, Thursday Februrary 9, 2012 Queen from Soho to Spadina, gel pen, graphite, tea and wax on paper, 6 X 8.5in, 2012
4. Why do I love fashion? because fashion is a form of self expression, of beauty, creativity and freedom- what’s not to love?
by Grant Morrison, Chris Weston & Gary Erskine, 2002-2003
Picture: The problem is countrywide: KwaZulu-Natal rivers are also showing identical levels of pollution, as this picture by Durban photographer Snowey Smith shows in the rage-blog the ‘Death of Durban’. He’s been campaigning against the growing filth and pollution in KwaZulu-Natal for years, bombarding people with CDs filled with his photographs showing this massive pollution problem...
can’t remember the last time that happened. I’m not sure if I’m losing
J and I have also been playing LOTS of old school Nintendo on our Wii. Best invention ever. We are cracking up at how we can't beat worlds that we tore up when we were 12.
I just love playing with my Imagine.
Seniors Carson Foley and Jiawei Zou will represent Maine at the National Forensic League National Tournament this year in their respective competition categories of Dramatic Interpretation and Extemporaneous Speaking. They carry on a decades-long championship tradition that has won OHS students the opportunity to serve as Maine’s ambassadors, and they continue the legacy of such recent OHS alums as Cullen Edes (’07) Nate Peterson (’08), Greta Landis (’09), Thomas Gillett (’10), and Norah Bird (’11). In addition to the national qualification of Foley and Zou, teammates Emma Peterson and Emma Sarrantonio earned first alternate status for national tournaments this year, and Emily Noyes also brought home trophies from statewide meets.
The designer paper is from Treasures by Shabby Chic and I'm assuming that the stamp and paper roses are as well.The dollar items were the dp, stamp and the paper roses.
It is just like with “starving”. We know what the word means, but we don’t use it correctly. I myself have never said “I looked ‘anorexic’” even when I was really skinny. The problem with saying that phrase or even using that word in that context is that “anorexic” is not a look. The media has painted as something negative. Not that it is positive, but when people think “anorexic” they think skin and bones, literally. They think of someone that looks like a walking skeleton; someone who is seriously malnourished, which is what they are. Anorexia just might be the cause of their malnourishment.
Full disclosure -- I have never met Dr. Chang, and have seen none of his videos. But I do know something about his subject in these quotes. As I see it, there are three options -- Dr. Chang is very ignorant of China's international adoption program, he is intentionally lying to adoptive families, or he is not understanding what is being asked.
The party is still a small minority in Parliament - but it is there and its popularity and therefore its potential can't be denied.
I have to tell you something, entertaining stuff, not sure what to make of it. I worked at a certain New York trade publishing house some years ago and remember quite clearly a manuscript that was on my boss’ desk called INNOCENCE TURNED DEADLY by Robert Duncan O’Finioan about some super secret agent/soldier fighting the bad guys and having been created by the government. The book proposed to be the first volume in a series. My boss found it to be an interesting premise but the manuscript was (1) too short for commercial publishing and (2) badly written.
After a lengthy telephone conversation which explained all of the above I was told Payton would need another surgery. This time it will be under anesthesia in the hospital where they will remove the entire tumor until they have clean margins. Unfortunately because of the placement of the tumor he will most likely have a pretty nasty scar but we can live with that. As long as the pathology shows the tumor in the 97% of benign growth things are good and we just have to watch him for other growths which are common. If it is within the 3%- that is bad and we aren't thinking about it unless we have to.
Happy new year to everyone!!!
Ways to connect to the Snake Totem:
Add a sprig of rosemary or a potpourri sachet to the box to keep your mail smelling fresh.
When it comes to organizing my home, my office seems to always be last on the list of priorities. This year however, stream-lining my home office is high on the list of things to do. Is it on yours? If yes, here are five simple steps to making your office space functional and beautiful…
2 details
Just paddle fast …
Take another look at the list of complaints against so-called Mary-Sues and you will see one thing all of them have in common.
The implications of this claim are, I guess, that Virgin (who have, as Eoin points out, secured a few NHS delivery contracts) are using these "donations" to get the support of MPs. And that it's those evil Tories again! Unfortunately, Eoin doesn't provide his source, doesn't list the MPs (anyone want to bet several are former or current Labour front-benchers) and, by using a cumulative graph, rather obscures the most interesting point - since 2010, Virgin's donations have dried up. Indeed, the big surge in gifts and freebies from Sir Richard's businesses was from 2008 to 2010, when a certain Gordon Brown was the Labour Prime Minister.
"A waist is terrible thing to mind"
The children help place straw on our bare wooden table reminding us that Jesus was laid in a manger of straw. Then we lay the Christmas table cloth on top (this table cloth was made by my hubby's grandmother, traditionally the table cloth should be white). Next we put the table settings on and then we add the center piece. The berry wreath is both beautiful and useful. Without it our wheat sheaf would topple over (sometimes they still do...). Our book on Polish Christmas traditions (A Polish Christmas Eve by Rev. Czeslaw Michal Krysa also found here at at the Polish Art Center) suggests using a weighted down soda bottle as a container for holding the wheat (straw) sheaf.
When it was private interview time I was feeling some small nerves, sitting in the room with the other ladies and hearing them get called one by one really didn't help calm me either. Since I was from Wilber I was of course picked to go almost last for the private interviews. It's kind of hard to prepare for this one as they usually ask you off the wall questions. I can remember I was asked why I wanted to be the state queen and also what I would like to see started up as a new Czech program that would involve more youth. I think the most nervous part for me was when they asked me about some famous Czech Homolka guy, obviously I had no clue who they were talking about but I smiled and made it up.
6. Intermission
In a large frying pan, warm the butter over a low heat. Let it bubble up, sizzle, then settle down – it should be a beautiful golden colour and smell toasty without being burnt. This is your beurre noisette.
I could not read between the lines but I saw what was coming.
If you have time, please visit Lens Us Together. I am hosting the theme this week and it is "Prepared". See what my peonies have to do with my theme!
As I posted earlier this week about line drying your clothes without a line. Well there is one drawback to doing this. Your clothes don't always come out as soft as they would if you put them in the dryer or hung dry them outside where the wind can blow the around. Well on that note I bring to you 2 recipes for homemade natural fabric softener.
So, what we find is that the CHURCH “created” the (c)hristian observance of Easter to incorporate all pagan beliefs (including symbolic human sacrifice) into (c)hristianity, and that this observance was unknown to the Apostles or earliest elders of the church, but was a later “tradition”. Now, as a true Christian, can you see with your eyes, and make your own judgement of to the true source of this anti-Bible, anti-Christian belief?
Coping with Harassment through the Blog
The advertisers must have been happy with their awards and Cadbury’s must have been thrilled with the buzz. Or were they? Marketing Research company TNS have just issued a report – gratefully referenced by Private Eye in their ‘Ad Nauseam’ section – that shows that, during the period of the advertisement’s run up to July this year, Cadbury’s Dairy Milk actually lost ground to Galaxy (produced by rival Mars).
Christmas Do-Over ... ABC Family ... 9 AM
Accessories: So Saffron grosgrain ribbon, pearls, CE
On March 17, several hundred members of Occupy Wall Street celebrated the six month anniversary of their first camp at Zuccotti Park by a peaceful reoccupation of the park—a reoccupation broken up within hours by police with 32 arrests. Later that evening a break-away group moved north, finally establishing itself on the southern end of Union Square, two miles away, even sleeping in park—though the city government soon after decided to defy a century-old tradition and begin closing the park every night just so they would not be able to establish a camp there. Since then, occupiers have taken advantage of past judicial rulings to continue to sleep on sidewalks outside the park, and more recently, on Wall Street itself.
The only catch? On Passover, we’re not allowed to eat bread. This has to do with the part of the Passover story where the Jews wander the desert, and are unable to make leavened bread. By not eating bread for seven days, we pay tribute to what our ancestors had to suffer during their exodus.
recordings, his tempi could often seem to be very slow;
8. Ignore That Door
No point in lying here: “Probably never.” I’m heading south towards Argentina. I like to think the reason they ignore this onward suggestion is because they love my company, repeating instead: “When will you return to Lima?” No, no, Argentina, I’ve never been to Lima and won’t return….Ahhhhh they sigh lost elsewhere while dream-walking their country’s capital, the far off city that represents all that is wrong and right, traditional and modern, moving and static. Most have never been to the foggy city, preferring instead to simply imagine how it might be. Climbing back on the bike sometimes I feel like I’ve left them disappointed since I couldn’t offer a more detailed city description, some minor color or smell to keep their urban dreams from drifting away.
There were so many things we were going to do, But I turned my head and you turned two.
To produce honest and meaningful indicators, librarians must spend time and energy wrestling with databases, spreadsheets, tables and diagrams. Nobody in their right mind will engage in such work unless it benefits the library in question. General references to benchmarking, quality control and evidence-based practice is not enough. Committees don’t count. The benefit must be visible, definite and concrete. The interest in the results must come from real customers: people that can influence the future of the library. That means bosses and bureaucrats, politicians and journalists.
LIKE our page and stay tuned in for updates and give-aways during the two weeks of Exhibition. Please feel free to pass on the invitation to your Family & Friends and bring them along!
Calories Burned in Yoga: Class by Class
decisions today ensures a better tomorrow
Romans 12:1
This is the rare testament of one of the few survivors of the Pol Pot regime, under which the Khmer Rouge killed 1.7 million people.
art,ffp,eac log included
You can also contact me via email: BrittneyT@marykay.com for any questions or concerns. I'd love to show you what amazing products Mary Kay has to offer!
Viewing cosmology in an electromagnetic context, the Mill of the title begins to make sudden sense of millennia of myth. Hamlet is a translation of Finnish/Norse/Icelandic proto-hero Amlodhi whose staff (Yggdrasil, ‘world tree’) spun the mill of the maelstrom, the whirlpool of the cosmos, the vortex, axis mundi — the Earth’s magnetic polar shaft. The Finnish quern/mill Sampo (vault of heaven, from Sanskrit skambha, pillar, pole, axis) ground out Mankind’s deep origins: it was this mill which created ocean, earth, Man. In good times it ground out ‘peace and plenty’, in bad times, salt. And, according to the Finns whose mythology is alive in recitation, it grinds still. It lingers in Vedic tradition in a hymn –Atharva Veda– to the world pillar (skambha):
To not stay separate across the grey-blue foaming sea.
Still, giving them an excuse to help homophobes mess with a gay kid’s life doesn’t make it her fault that they did. The administrators are still accountable for the fact that they took that opportunity and used it to make the situation even worse by picking the victim of bullying to make an example of.
Could it be that Jesus did go to this woman’s home or region? Could it be that her faith prompted his trip and the resulting three day teaching? This miracle doesn’t appear to be the teaching opportunity for the disciples that the feeding of the five thousand was. Here Jesus is prompted to feed these people out of sheer compassion, concern that if he sent them home they faint along the way. In the first miracle the remnants that the disciples collected were described as small pieces, or crumbs, while here the leftovers are much larger pieces and they filled large baskets not the beggers baskets Mark describes in the sixth chapter.
10.Squonk 6:51
Aaand here we are. Rock Bottom. It’s damper than I expected down here.
This weeks has been a little mixed up, but I’m trying to still stay on track. I mentioned earlier in the week that I swapped my rest day to Saturday, and worked out on Sunday instead. I ran 3 miles Monday, and really felt awesome. Tuesday, I didn’t work out because my schedule was a little different, and I had my last ever Symphonic Band concert that night. I had dinner and ice cream with my family, so my food intake this week has not been as good as last week. I ran 2 miles yesterday in about 24 minutes, and didn’t feel quite as good as I did on Monday.
It takes about 30 minutes total, including prep time.
I've lived here all my life but I still consider myself a foreigner in many ways and there are things I find difficult to get used to.
Dinner was a huge success even if I did burn off what looks lke the top 3 layers of skin from my hand while making it…I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again. If I burn myself while cooking or baking it means it’s going to be good.The weather was nice enough that the kids even got to eat outside.
When pinning a stamp image to Pinterest (or anywhere on the web), please make sure that the image is watermarked or is part of a finished project.
Floral de Saint Germain were received and attuned by Neide Margonari, plastic artist, who ended up choosing your spiritual path by choosing to dedicate himself exclusively to floral.
The Lily Bee alphabet was perfect for my long title and the wood banner really finished the page. Finally, I punched some small hears from Victorian paper (Crate Paper) and popped them for interest.
"That is why it is very important to hug trees."
Coverdale’s generation experienced war and for me, this sense of action with life and death consequences comes through in this quote. Some of us do still work in industries where loss of life could be a consequence of our actions but even in a non-hazardous work environment, we are exposing ourselves to risk whenever we make decisions to act when the outcome is uncertain.
"Yeah, well, I've always wanted a pet, but our landlord wouldn't allow it. We live in a small apartment. I don't think he'd mind if I had a fish."
To make the most of green tea in a good diet, you need to exercise. Exercising doesn't have to be a bad thing though. Here are some good tips for exercising:
Files
But the banks are made of marble
Anne Pressley's murder was also headline news for a short while, until the inconveniently non-white Curtis Lavelle Vance was arrested. Immediately the story became non-news, barely mentioned at all until the press had to briefly report on the trial and Vance's subsequent conviction. In fact so desperate were the news media to suppress the more unpleasant details, the fact that Pressley had been raped was not even reported until one commentator accidentally let this slip out on a live television show.
Oh boy, the holy one really screwed up when he gave us emotions.
"I see the bars of your prison when you cry"
“So, do we look like a married couple?” joked Mary when they arrived.
The SBA’s yearly Global Entrepreneurship and Development Index was released this month and had some surprising results for both the U.S. and Puerto Rico.
Miriam's gift is both fascinating and scary. She can read people after skin-to-skin contact and foresee the date and manner of their death. Wendig brilliantly utilises this idea to jump start the action and to misdirect the reader. I was afraid that it might hobble the immediacy of the narrative in places, as once you know that a character will only die in forty years time from old age, you won't have any anxiety for their safety if they get into bad situations in the story. As Miriam keeps reiterating that one of the rules of her visions is that they can't be changed, you have to believe the visions or the whole foundation of the narrative crumbles. However, Wendig manages to avoid this hobbling effect, by showing us even Miriam has doubts when the situations become desperate enough and while she believes the visions are correct, she can't help but think that this might be the one time she succeeds in changing them. This way there is still a sense of immediacy to the action and there are some edge-of-your-seat moments in the book.
The board game is pretty much like Monopoly, you have to obtain dice (you get one for free every 10 minutes) and then you can roll it and land someplace on the board. You can either land on a quest, a bonus, or a mystery spot.
With a hammer – dumb!
c) If you make over 389,900 Dkk ($66,673.26 US dollars) you have the same 23-28% municipal tax and the 8% health tax but your state tax rate is 15%. The maximum rate for these taxes cannot exceed 51.5%, 51.5 + 8 = 59.5%.
As discussed, the Philippine Bill of 1902, Act No. 926, and Proclamation No. 1801 did not convert portions of Boracay Island into an agricultural land. The island remained an unclassified land of the public domain and, applying the Regalian doctrine, is considered State property.
First off, the weight measurements for the recipes are off in the first printing of this book. I usually weigh my ingredients thought that the measurements looked a little off but gave the book the benefit of the doubt and made the Lemon Shortbread cookies per the instructions. My cookies ended up spreading all over the baking sheet and looked nothing like the shortbread cookies from the store. Later I found out that there was errata for the book. I understand that things happen and many books have a small number of errata. However, this one seemed to have more than normal and the mistakes are big ones. I mean, if the weight measurements are off then it means that every recipe is off. If you have a first printing, please do yourself a favor and download the errata here before making anything in this book. I have been told that the next printing of the book will have this mistakes fixed and Amazon is even sending me a copy free of charge.
On my wednesdays I have a three hour lull between class and the MX job. I usually just draw, read, creep on people, have lunch with Jo or go for walk. This Wednesday's walk led me through China town or really just a pedestrian road of 90% Asian restaurants, 10% cheap, crappy cloths and souvenirs that you go through to get to paddy's markets from Darling harbor or vice versa (yes, that's a little tourist tip for ya). Annnyway, I did happen upon this cute (and dirt cheap) bakery with their Angry Birds themed goods. Slingshot not included.
But, they never satisfied me the way he does.
That type of statement puts the focus on parental rights. "It's a parents right to educate their children however they choose!"
The mainstream media is increasingly willing to coordinate what they report with what the administration reports uncritically. It makes it hard to understand what is real and what is not.
Jo Malone’s Wild Bluebell is definitely my most expensive fragrance, but for me it was a splurge that was worth it. Jo Malone has an extensive range and I would encourage anyone to at least wander into your nearest department store that carries Jo Malone (or a Jo Malone boutique if you are lucky enough to live in a location that has them) to sniff around.
Artwork Delivery
Anyway, it’s his turn to call…
I'm not sure they're even aware at how inspiring they are,
Write the flash in EXACTLY 42 words.
A couple of months back I received an invitation from Corinna at Ribbon Carousel asking me if I would be part of a new tutorial team. My answer? Heck yeah! I would be crazy to pass up an opportunity to share my ideas with other crafters all while creating with ribbon!
They found his body a couple of days later in a small stream. I saw the pictures. From head to toe, he was covered in bruises and the occasional burn from what looked like a hot iron. There were marks on his wrists and ankles of where he had been tied up. His body was contorted and broken, his face twisted in agony. It was brutally clear he had been tortured to death.
Green capsicum-1 (cubed)
It is possibly for this reason why the press remained silent in 2006 when McBride received the Merit Medal in Silver and the Conspicuous Leadership Star from the South African National Defence Force, for his service and combat leadership in uMkhonto we Sizwe (MK).
Here are my cards, let me know what you think!
Cash only!
and do not subject us to the final test.”
To celebrate this big anniversary we decided to spend the day together in Seattle. One of our bestest friends ever took Isadora for a sleepover at her house which gave us some freedom. We planned a really lovely day and it turned out perfectly.
A semi trailer containing 1,600 copies of “The Cornbread Mafia” by Kentucky author James Higdon was stolen from a storage lot in Elgin, Ill., on the night of April 28, according to police in the town, located about 40 miles west of Chicago.
Whisper it, but there’s a tendency in Scotland to favour progressive taxation while the UK seems set on moving towards flat taxes, having only come towards progressive tax as a necessity; and a willingness in Scotland to use the business tax system to encourage smaller businesses to thrive rather than simply create conditions for yet more massive profits for those already making fortunes.
trying to decide if i am in pain
#6
Our only rule is no back linking to previous work posted on your blog. Just to clarify, this means anything before each new challenge date.
Two houses, two sets of utilities, two sets of taxes and insurance,
I am only just beginning to learn about faeries. Yes, I have changed the spelling of this word. I now choose to identify my kin with their true spelling, not the one assigned by popular culture. My faery ancestors were very real. They were people, just like you and me. They lived and worked on the land, caring for Mother Earth, enjoying their freedom and their society. But, the world was changing. Man decided to plunder and invade. My faery kin were driven away, many were killed or enslaved, and the rest went into hiding. Gradually they became a myth, a legend, a story.
“…We’re going to anchor here.”
Thank you Kyle for being great. Love you.
Whether you were excited about getting snow and upset the system was farther east than it could have been, or were relieved because no snow occurred today, I want you to remember one thing: location, location, location! It makes a big difference in meteorology!
11. It's Looking Good*
However, this is a fallacy, and a big money making scam that has helped big financial institutions including LIC and Bajaj make a lot of money.
As I said at the beginning, I had never written a story before. Oh, I’ve written one master thesis, various reports, and a bazillion lesson plans, but I never created a tale, populated with good guys and bad guys having adventures. I did not like or dislike writing. To me, it was simply a means to other ends.
The year has ended with a confessional of denouncers of video-art; Charles Saatchi dismissed it in his attack on the art world, and Waldemar Januszczak added 'please no more video art' to his Christmas wishlist, using Dean's giant film as the most irksome example of all.
Was he perhaps trying to knock our contest (or its Tweeters) down a peg or two? It certainly comes across that way at first, and based on the artistic appreciation I mentioned before. He suggests seeing the gear in the realm, its natural environment, you appreciate it so much more. Almost like WoW Factor is superior to Mog Madness for doing that.
Get called a lot worse than that. Chicken. I eat fucking chicken.
The larger version of the classic Trocadero , ideally suited to busy days. The crisp, squared shape is detailed with natural cowhide piping and corners, an outside pocket, and a long shoulder/cross-body strap.
I thought they sounded delicious and made them for dinner to have with some filet steak
I have two more pressing problems to work on this week;
Came up from down under, been many a day
And to make the whole comp even more joyous, exuberant and theatrical I added some gay related movie quotes...
“We are looking into the case,” said Michael Dennard, the president of the chapter, after a reporter called more than a year after the crime. He would not say more.
“Son of a bitch!” I yelled loud enough to draw the attention of all the good commuters over at the gas pumps. Feeling tired from working all night and utterly disgusted over the fact that something once offered free as a courtesy now cost twice money as I had on hand I almost decided to put on the spare tire and be done with it until I remembered my new KIA Rio does not come with one.
9:00-10:00 PM Hart of Dixie (season finale)
Except I had no stakes. All I had were these landscaping flags. I don't even know why we have these. I think maybe we had to flag the heads of our sprinkler system once? I don't know...
Recommendation: I highly recommend this for the value received. The cabin takes the headache out of a lot of things that come with camping, and when it's cold outside, the last thing I want to is to have a problem with my tent. The kids had plenty to keep themselves busy with outside and the park is very well-maintained. The park's ranger was extremely pleasant and friendly. Overall, we were all completely satisfied with our first stay at Emigrant Springs State Park.
Paisley baby, paisley thumb,
All Hail! Lord, we greet Thee,
“Of course I will…” he smiled. My heart beated so fast everytime I see that smile.
I'm a new Mom. It's my only excuse. I strive to be the best mom. But there are times; when I say oopsie baby!.
Here is how Friday night went.
Imagine visitors wandering around your art gallery, centre, museum or park with an interactive App that encourages them to look at details and discover connections to their own lives. It’s getting closer every day.
Could the title be any more misleading? Fuck Facebook and the movie about it. This film is the real social network. This film is not about garbage at all. It is not about a dump at all. It is about human dignity. At its most essential core and therefore in its most profound expression. And just as essentially and profoundly a part of this, it is about community. Deep and serious social solidarity. Jesus Christ - it's about love.
Real stories and successes to be told, lessons to be learnt and ideas and experiences to be shared
This is a user-friendly guide and you can be assured that it will not be overwhelming. This e-book is filled with educational and informational advice and is non-threatening. There is lots of common sense and no problematic scientific terminology. It is written in a step-by-step manner and had descriptions and photographs so that you can be assured of getting it right.
Roll out dough to 1/4 inch thickness.
Before I get emotional describing how genius it was for Alife to be producing selvedge jeans in 2006 with a plaid cuff lining long before everyone began dressed like a J.Crew catalog, or how they moved before the market, flipping traditional oxfords and khaki’s into flippant all-over print takes on classic pieces before you all traded your Jordans and Street’d your Etiquette, let me just say this. It’s sad to see some of the once dominant streetwear lines reduced to pale imitations of basics you’d be far better off buying at the Gap.
5. Conference Train: This is a great idea. Having pictures of the Prophets, Apostles, and other subjects such as families and Temples and put on a little train car. As the speaker or subject is comes up, that little train car is added to the train. The author also suggests have a few blank cars for additional subjects.
And for those of you who are wondering, they did find cavities. Don't drink 2 liter bottles of Mt. Dew in one day, kids.
"How much 'almost more time' will it take you?"
$1.18 Trillion: Total Cost Of Obama's First Stimulus With Interest. (CBO, 1/31/12,CBO, 1/27/09)
“John...”
So all in all it's been an excellent few weeks. My dr is back and I am looking forward to my next apt. I'm going to start asking him questions about different options for the birth plan (it's never to early to get everyone in the loop). I have had no nausea, no heartburn, no swelling and not a lot of weight gain although I don't actually know since I refuse to look at the scale. I'm feeling really good. The baby is healthy and kicking and excited to meet it's mom and dad and hopefully some Grandparent's in 21 weeks.
‘We have endeavoured to depart from the external, the superficial, endeavoured to forget social origin, class, profession, fortune, education, capital and everything that separates men, in order to reach that which binds them together.’
With the flower pattern trend reaching up to the peak this season, I couldn't help but to improvise it myself. Although I'm a little more careful since I still couldn't find any floral mix that I'd love to have all over my legs, top or anywhere else, I remembered this jacket I used to love when I was about 14. Once belonging to my mum, I never stopped simply adoring it for its material and the way it was designed. Velvet (one of the chicest and comfortable components you could get for a blazer) and another way of letting flowers decorate the piece make it unique and meanwhile add the typical Paul Smith twist to it. Being famous for his colourful designs, Smith has done an absolutely chic way of predicting and transforming an up-and coming trend. Although one most probably doesn't find me in such colours quite often, I still like this compostion. Coral is one of my absolute evergreenes and shows that soft tone, which the current pastel-colour-thing tries to do so hard. As some might have recognised, I did this post about the whole pastel hype and how much I just don't get the intention of some girls wearing it (to get a long story short: Super pale girls like me should stay away from pastels). However, and as already mentioned in the pastel-post, I additionally remembered my old sweater (which I fondly described as that kind of colour I get during turbulences in a plane), which just perfectly matches to same greenish-grayish kind of the flowers on Smith's jacket. I can't clearly describe this kind of colour but to let it sound a little more fashionable and charming I'd call it a slight wannabe-pastel-but-remaining-low-keyed-and-NOT-candy-glossy-looking green. Perfectly matching to the coral, I combined these beautiful earrings made of corals, I just recently purchased.
I just wanted to let you know that I have consolidated my two blogs to one over at wordpress.
Berry removed the Greek epigraph to the poem (because, after all, who reads Greek anymore): references to Hades, even in a dead language, only signal a disincentive to hope. Footnotes to poems violate the preferred protocols of the art form, requiring readers to have a frame of reference that exceeds the 100-mile radius of sincere local acute observation, the most valued perspective for a writer.
For example, today I just felt the overwhelming need to pray with a friend…
In the context of multiculturalism, such treatment is about the invasion and occupation of an individual’s mind, so that he, like Winston, can behave and think in a way determined by the “race awareness facilitators”.
However, even if i was not an Iranian, i would really prefer spring to the cold freezing winter. Or maybe that’s just me; i love sandals more than boots!
the less we need.
This episode ends with Riki walking in the rain. He’s upset that he wasted his money on drinking because…
organization however kicked against any double payment saying the
What I can say is that there are insiders dedicated to promoting the universal values of the United Nations. I can also say that the UN should do housecleaning of its own, as it urges others to up the ante in their fight against corruption.
It would be great if local authors got a once-off shot at a weekly column in a major newspaper, or got to write a film or CD review, or showcase a photo, or even got to design the crossword or trivia quiz for a day--anything that gives us exposure and makes people think we might have ideas worth reading about.
If you’re a 40- or 50-something, a Chinese regional or industrial or political or bureaucratic somebody, this is your time. Or maybe I should say, whoever you are, wherever you live, whatever you do: Whatever the world will become next — it’s our turn now.
I use no patterns so these are truly one of a kind.
Everything about this song is perfect. The way John's voice echoes. The way George Martin plays the shit out the piano. The fact that John calls it "rock-roll" music. The very timbre of John's vocals as he shouts like the building is on fire. The way the songs stops and starts with every trip back to the chorus. Its placement on the album, with three incredibly depressing songs about infidelity, self-hatred, and death preceding it, is perfect.
The best thing I learned was how to make innovative strategies and pitch them for projects. I think the projects we did in our media classes pushed us to find that unique piece of info through detailed research and turn it into an innovative strategy.
"For everything created by God is good, and nothing is to be rejected if it is received with thanksgiving."
The town is located in idyllic surroundings (Eastwood had an entire town built on the beautiful shore of Mono Lake in California) but its residents appear rotten to the core. They all harbour dark secrets and the stranger has a mysterious connection to Lago which becomes apparent through his fevered nightmares of the town’s marshal being brutally whipped to death.
To resume in a while.
Lieber acknowledged that he wasn’t part of that decision-making four years ago, but would search for the analysis and provide it to Brodsky. While he couldn’t immediately explain the total value of the discount, later--after receiving communication via BlackBerry--he estimated the discount at $200 million.
Preheat oven to 210 C. Remove the outer paper from the head of garlic but do not peel or separate the cloves. Cut off the top of head of garlic but leave the root end intact. Place cut side up on a baking sheet (or oven proof pan), brush/drizzle with a teaspoon of oil and sprinkle with the rosemary. Cover and roast for 30-35 minutes until soft. Leave to cool for 10 minutes then squeeze the cloves out of their cases into a small bowl with the veg stock and mash with a fork.
My words and images can’t possibly do justice to the experience and so all I would say is, if you ever get the experience to visit a game park that does early morning walks, do it. There is nothing so awesome, nothing that quite puts you so in touch with wild nature as actually walking in it, being part of it, respecting the magnificence. And scared? No, not for one moment, it was just all too amazing. I’d take my chances in wild nature any day – it’s safer, I’ve no doubt, than walking on the streets of Cape Town or Johannesburg.
was a case where the
I have a whole new appreciation for those people who do videos. My video was way too long so I had to learn how to edit my clip. Six plus hours later and the video is far from perfect but I've learned a lot and next time should be easier. I'll apologize in advance that I wasn't always as close to the camera as I should have been but I was doing the taping and the demo. lol
Here are some comments backing the campaign:
“We’re seeing all generations responding to the nostalgia and tradition,” said Janine Schoos, brand manager. “Genesee is taking off all over the country. We hope to be where we were back in the ‘80s when we were synonymous with good times and great American traditions.”
So all I can do is tell you my favourite sisters from my favourite stories. There were books I should have
Not to say that I stole someone’s sermon, changed a few words around and called it my own revelation from God, but rather how many ideas, stylistic moves, modes of storytelling and actual stories have come from others that I’ve encountered along the way.
rises above the branches
There are different kinds of wolves, it’s true. But when Jesus mentions wolves, it’s in the context of Pharisaism. And the false teachers who seem to cause Paul the most sleepless nights are the legalists – those earnest preachers with their Bibles open, urging you to godliness by bringing you under the law. They are, most consistently, the savage wolves who Paul has in his sights.
Thank you for playing along!
It HAD to have been his mom. Who would make sure that the necessary food groups were covered and that a growing boy had enough food to fill his stomach with him when he left the house? It HAD to have been his mom.
It had started six months ago with a simple phone call...
North Elevators
ILRI Asia: Based on your extensive experience in the agricultural-research sector in India, what do you see as being the major breakthroughs in recent times, and also – where do you see the sector heading?
It is also worth mentioning, because I am certain someone has wondered, “Well what if I just don’t mention the asset I became entitled too within 180 days?” (as if anyone thinks that way). There is a duty created by Federal Rule of Bankruptcy Procedure 1007(1) to update your schedules (where assets and other stuff is reported) if your circumstances change. Failure to do so could have worse results than just losing a few assets.
Micky is wonderful: she wiggles when I come near her and when I stroke her she starts purring like a kitty and rubs her little head on my fingers. Incredible. I know she needs a real partner – but what can I do at the moment?
Junsu: Over 300?!! Envious~!!
My Novio came home with three horseradish tops and they graced our Seder table along with everything else. The little green leaves, symbolizing hope and optimism, sprouting up from the gnarled root. Just like life – joy in hardship, hardship in joy.
4. Damages can be recovered only for loss sustained
My musical career never came to anything. I practised and practised but all I could do was efficiently strum chords. I wanted to be a guitar wizard. Instead I was a prototype tube station busker, blowin’ in the wind, would never have made a fortune out of it in a million years.
And of course
Fifth: The President of the Republic shall charge another nominee to form the Council of Ministers within fifteen days in case the Council of Ministers did not win the vote of confidence.
I chose to do a half marathon on New Years Eve and a full marathon on New Years Day. The course was a quarter-marathon out and back loop. This meant that you got to see and pass frunners All. Day. Long. It was amazing. I, of course, did my best to convince the Racing It Off team that Libby always puts on a good event and that it was the place to be. Despite it causing most of them to miss an evening of New Years celebration, most of the team was on board. It was a party!
the Larkspur and the Water Lily
Add Farro and lentils and stir 2 minutes until fragrant.
In your work place
Grabbing a seat at Latte, I tried some tasty eggs and whipped-off three free postcards to pass the time. Tani called to announce he’d gotten off the train and could come meet me. “Where are you?” I asked, excited to find him up the street. “I’m at 116th and Broadway,” he replied, “right by Columbia University.” He’d taken the #1 instead of the #2 or #3 as I’d written down. But, as per usual, he couldn’t read my chicken scratch so he copied the directions in his own hand. “I forgot that part,” he said. Feeling anger well-up inside, I walked the way I had just come.
lost in thought
So. As this past year came to a close, I actually spent a pretty good deal of time thinking about what I want to change and accomplish in the new year. I'm not usually a resolutions kind of person, but this year, I just feel drawn to the idea of having specific goals that I'd like to work on. I've gotten pretty lazy in my own way (no seriously, just because I sew a lot does not mean I'm productive. Promise.) and I'd like to move past that and really feel like I'm doing my best, instead of just coasting through the days. I feel like my children are growing up before my eyes, and I'm missing it. I'm not saying that I'm totally changing my ways, I still want to sew and have some time just for me that way, but I need to pay more attention to what is happening all around me, not just here on the computer or on my sewing machines. So, with all that in mind, here are a few of my goals for this year. I figure if I post them online for all of you all to see, I will hold myself more accountable to them. The fact that I'm actually outlining them in my head is probably enough, honestly, but since this is so heavy on my mind, I figured I'd share them here, too. This blog is titled "I'm Thinking," after all.
The current vintage of Evan Williams Single Barrel is the 2002, so if you see anything older than that, buy it. The 2002 is perfectly good too, but you'll be able to get all you want of that for at least the rest of this year.
CHRISTMAS NAIL ART CONTEST!!!!!!!!!!
Wasn’t amendments to current environmental policies and practices part of your manifesto and 120 plan? (Prakash, all yuh forget?)
AS: As someone who doesn't work on projects so close to home, I always wonder how you (and photographers like Doug Dubois and Chris Verene, for example) separate your personal interest in the subject from your instincts as a photographer. Or do you? Are you trying to make the intimate universal?
For 2012 my resolution is to try to give you the support you give me. You know who you are! Huge, enormous hugs all around!
June 8 Chicago, IL Wrigley Field
Most common presenting systems are: tremor, rigidity, and slowness. Once diagnosed, the Parkinson’s patient may also experience: joint pain, difficulty sleeping, trouble walking, executive dysfunction, and dementia,
A cat died and went to heaven. God met her at the gates and said "You have been a good cat all these years. Anything you want is yours for the asking." The cat thought for a minute and then said "All my life I lived on a farm and slept on hard wooden floors. I would really like a fluffy pillow to sleep on."
One of the first thing we noticed about the GTX 670 is its size and weight — or lack thereof. It may look like a standard high-end graphics card on top, but Nvidia put Kepler’s PCB on a diet. The card comes equipped to cover all your display needs, with two DVI outputs, one HDMI, and one DisplayPort. Flip it over, and it’s surprisingly short.
Take the challenge with me this week to carry your Ritual with you everywhere you go. Live your Ritual by learning a little more about it. Live your Ritual by showing compassion and sincerity. Live your Ritual by reaching out to others and sharing your experiences. Live your Ritual by going the extra mile, or showing the extra effort.
Bramley Attercop
I do know, however, that whatever bloated, swollen, distorted and malevolent sense of self-importance has led us to believe we have a right to control the Earth and all her children...I do know that this sickness (or evilness) must stop. It must end, soon, and completely.
This book was good but I could tell Harris was wrapping up the series. A lot of closure in this book and a lot of story telling and not much action. So I was a little disappointed in that. There were also a few characters that we have grown to love that just don't even make an appearance in this book. But there are some that we love that make an appearance like Bubba! (love him) I am really ready for the fairy drama to wrap up. But I suppose that will be the big bang in the last book.
Apparently, Abrams studied many a Spielberg movie as he put paper to pen and concocted a story about kids with family problems coping with even-bigger problems that seem to involve the military and cold-eyed martinets who want to get to the bottom of things. Oh yeah, we have one of these in Super 8 too, in the form of Nelec (Noah Emmerich), who may not be telling anybody - including the viewer - everything he knows.
The Boswells came to be well known locally while still in their early teens, making appearances in New Orleans theaters and radio. They made their first recordings for Victor Records in 1925, which included “Cryin’ Blues” where Connee is featured singing in the style of her early influence, the African American singer Mamie Smith. The Boswell Sisters became stage professionals that year when they were tapped to fill in for an act at New Orleans’ Orpheum Theatre. They received an invitation to come to Chicago and perform in 1928 and honed their act on the Western Vaudeville Circuit. When their tour ended they traveled to San Francisco. The hotel that had been recommended had a less than savory reputation, and the man at the desk suggested that these three young ladies might be better off in another hotel. That man, Harry Leedy, would later become their manager on a handshake and become a permanent part of Connee’s life.
“I know that those are not just my sentiments, but that of most North Carolinians,” Creech says. “His sister, Anne Graham Lotz, has been pointing people to Christ for many years and has often spoken about and written many devotionals concerning God’s design and plan for marriage.”
i vow to not compare myself to anyone else.
...and a birthday party at The Little Gym.
The last two weeks have been North's Lowlands festival and once again I've been rediscovering classics and discovering brilliant new beers. Yes the inclusion of some Dutch beers does point towards a lessening of the Belgian influence in the bar but what we stock regularly and during the festival is unrivalled in quality and complexity. Great Belgian bottled beer still holds pride of place in the first fridge and is the biggest selling bottled beer range we have. The likes of Struise, De La Senne, De Dolle, De Ranke, the Trappists, produce beers brimming over with brilliant complexity.
After having been deceived in Libya where the US assured both Russia and China that it will not attack but did quite contrary to what was promised. Sensing that US plans to attack Syria, Russia and China were quick to veto the American resolution in the security council that infuriated the US Ambassador Susan Rice who left the session in rage.
Her pastor asked the congregation if they ever have those moments where they can just FEEL that something greater is at work. It could be a fleeting moment, but you just KNOW there is a greater power putting the pieces together. He said that some people call it chance, some people call it coincidence, and some people call it fate, but he just KNOWS its God's hand at play. Then he told a story about his experience and his big "moment" where he just knew what had happened was "meant to be".
Anyhow, I see these variety packs of beers and wonder if their contents are somehow made up of factory rejects and product that’s past its shelf life. I don’t know that I’ve ever purchased one of these variety “theme” packs myself, but my dear bride brings them home to me from time to time and I’ve recently determined that by and large, the contents are usually of good quality and within their reasonable shelf life, based mainly on my having checked a few of the beers that actually have dates on them. With this in mind, I suppose I’ll be more apt to buy these variety packs myself from now on.
My sister is the proud owner of Winnie, another one of Barby's adorable mice. Barby's critters always bring giggles and "oohs" by all who see them ... I swear they just look like they can talk!
I made a few sales in the shop this week of my Warrior Salve and soap! I'm so happy to have products that actually help people (plus, I really need the sales). I also had fun concocting a new foot soak.
Ritenour walks the reader through several different things that can cause a change in demand or supply. For demand, changes in buyers’ income and tastes are important factors. A change in an area’s population inevitably affects demand there. An expectation of a change in future prices may affect people’s decision to buy or not buy in the present. Finally, changes in the markets for related goods can affect a good’s demand. On the supply side, investment in production, a change in the prices of factors of production, improving technology, an increase in the number of sellers, and a change in the market for complementary goods can all have an impact.
Many Australians have invested in a logsplitter over the years for a number of reasons, the main being that it can provide a home with a seemingly endless supply of firewood at very little effort on the homeowners’ behalf. It is important, however, to understand everything that there is to know about a logsplitter before going out and purchasing one. You cannot just go into an outdoor power products supply store and ask the sales representative for a logsplitter – they will surely have a few questions that they would like to ask you first.
I also joined Swagbucks after seeing it promoted on this personal finance blog, though I’m not sure if it’ll be any help. It’s taken me two weeks to get to 100 points, for instance, and the minimum for a $5 gift card from Amazon is 450 points. Speaking of which, I’m also an Amazon Associate, though it does take a while to collect enough for a gift card. Still, every little bit helps, though there are a few lines I don’t want to cross – like having Google ads on my blog.
The mistress stated: “Ah! me too, the other night I met my lover in the office and I was wearing the leather bodice, mega stilettos, mask over my eyes and a raincoat, when I opened the raincoat… he did not say anything…..but we had wild sex all night.”
Thatcher), a crafty and devious man who, once
That's an unusual locution, because critics--at least Develop Don't Destroy Brooklyn, the main opposition group--were arguing that the project was a million square feet larger (by citing the zoning square feet figures originally promulgated by Forest City Ratner).
And question what sort of education do we want. Need. Can we incorporate our persuasive writing in a more natural way - when the need for it pops up in real life? As a letter to the editor of our local paper. Am I only pushing this because of a case of the "shoulds" - because they have said they want to do NAPLAN exams, I am stressing because the writing component (their weakest link) is persuasive writing? I mean, really, who cares?
a country I would love to visit some day...
4 April 2012
The engine may let the vehicle down a little but the interior and list of standard features more than makes up for it. The boot, for instance, is one of the biggest and easily swallows up suitcases and golf clubs. The cabin itself is spacious and rather comfortable. Rear legroom is to be commended while the driver/passengers seats are supportive and the material used feels durable.
So I got out my shotgun.
The best way regularly are you presently in a position to place any carrier in close proximity to to the road, possess instant fall-in-love covet, speedily go to where you can research search engines for instance the major search engines the item And pay attention to out and about it's very affordable? Almost never. That is exactly why this Cambridge Updwardly cellphone Satchel ($$156 : $187) ought to obtain for each single and each and every with each girl' desire a declaration this kind of holidays.
Hi everyone! I wanted to stop in real quick and share with you the February release from The Sampler. The kit is so fabulously gorgeous! I have been having so much fun playing and can't wait to share with you all the goodies I am making.....
I re- planted the Geraniums that I pulled up last fall . One of them didn't make it,I'm thinking it probably was the candy striped one that I liked best but it was a hybrid.
We are committed to excellence. This is the standard to which we aspire in everything we do. We are asked to offer our best even when something less may be acceptable to others; and to always uphold the standards relevant to our discipline or practice.
17For the Lamb which is in the midst of the throne shall feed them, and shall lead them unto living fountains of waters: and God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes.
Coming to Vidya Balan. Inspite of the sheer ballsiness of her performance, I was left a bit high and dry with her acting. Her punchlines and abuses never felt taunting enough, her helplessness and insanity never crossed the ‘filmy tragedy’ boundary and hit the gut. Maybe she is inherently too subdued for this kind of role. Her dialogue delivery is another problem. Her voice modulation is very one-note throughout. The gutsy abandon she shows in her physical performance is not evident in her rendering of dialogues. Maybe that’s being too harsh on her. Her physical performance alone deserves a standing ovation.
*Top photo by AP; Air Force One photo courtesy Nation's Restaurant News; Leno photo courtesy NBC; pizza photo courtesy Evette Rios/The Chew. /Updated.
Another journal article that was mentioned in the 2011 journal paper. Female synaesthete musician E.S. is compared with five non-synaesthete musicians. E.S. experiences flavoured musical tone intervals, which she uses to identify these intervals. It appears that this paper is about the same musician synaesthete with perfect pitch as the one described in the 2008 NeuroImage paper above.
6. Health. My 70-year-old coach still gets on the ice to demonstrate certain skating elements when he’s coaching. You’d never guess he was that old if you met him. He has so much energy. My grandparents, by comparison, are the same age as my coach and have multiple health problems (not all of which can be attributed to a lack of exercise or nutrition but some of which can). Skating is such a unique form of exercise because you’re in constant motion. Even when you’re hardly moving, just standing, gliding, and balancing on skates causes your whole body to work on keeping you balanced, which strengthens your core. When you skate, even at a low level or speed, your core is working, your legs–from your hips down to your feet–are working, your arms are working, and your cardiovascular system is pumping. Just 45 minutes of this can burn about 350 calories, according to WebMD’s Fit-O-Meter. And 45 minutes of a higher level of skating and momentum can burn as much as 600 calories! I would much rather spend 45 minutes learning to do new things on the ice without realizing I’m working my whole body than spend the same amount of time on a boring workout machine at a gym. It’s definitely true that the times of my life when I have been most fit and healthy have been when I’ve been skating regularly. And now that I’m trying to lose weight again, it’s time to pinch my pennies so that I can afford extra ice time to keep toning my body.
This is why we must really understand our voice and develop it accordingly. I LOVE thrillers, but I’m naturally a humor author. I find that I might love reading thrillers, but I’ve had a tough time writing them. I get far too sidetracked with comedy that isn’t appropriate. Thrillers are not a natural fit with my writing voice.
Along the lines somewhere, there are times I really forget why I blog. Sometimes, I get annoyed because I really don't want to do it. Am I the only one? Sometimes, it feels like a chore to me. I mean, I know I could get my without blogging everyday, but I feel guilty for leaving the people who actually read my blog hanging... is that normal?
Goverdhan and his family were very apprehensive in the beginning about what is going to become of this association. But the originality and the uniqueness of the horoscope weaving, the people associated with it and the plan made them see what its going to be.
...which brings me to a certain point. If there is any part where Super 8 differs between it and the inevitable comparisons to Close Encounters and E.T., it is where there are so many random deaths herein, and at least one murder. Guess we can't expect any less for a film set in the conspiracy-happy Seventies; then again, the sense of danger in Super 8 makes it all seem more akin to the Indiana Jones universe, with a bit of Goonies thrown in for good measure. Not that this is a serious complaint, but at worst we have a clash of differing styles from the same school of thought.
Put It On -- Bob Marley
4 x Cadbury World drink mats,
Here is when we first showed up. I told him to cover his ears til I placed ear muffs on him. Hanging out with Aunt Celeste. She lives in New Jersey so she only gets to see her nephew once a year.
The Robust Fiend of the Spring of the Field of Berries and Briars
First of all we would like to welcome the very talented
I also stole part of it from That Bastard From Bellingham. Dude has a seriously entertaining voice. I don't, but I did one anyway at the same site he's got a few on. Great stuff, check out the evolution of 1200 lbs. of Metal.
I’m not quite so optimistic. While I agree that current trends are unsustainable, I fear that the “optimistic” scenario is for governments to semi-stabilize their finances with both taxes and spending consuming about 50 percent of gross domestic product.
Let your bending in the archer’s hand be for gladness;
There is no difference whatsoever between Proctor's position and the position of the Anti-Saloon League. Indeed, the Anti-Saloon League was more moderate in that they allowed alcohol to be sold under certain conditions (religious ceremonies, medical use etc.). Proctor is, in the most literal sense, a prohibitionist.
There is NO WAY I'm letting my son catch a glimpse at the ridiculous room Chris at Just a Girl created for her son. I just know that he'd somehow convince me it was time for another room makeover. So I'll just quietly drool over her masterpiece by myself.
That, however, is not what is being proposed. All the Save Our Pubs campaign is doing is suggesting that if publicans want to, they should be able to have separate, ventilated smoking rooms on their own property. This would bring us in line with most of the other countries in the world which have smoking bans and would be such a small and reasonable exemption that only a zealot could oppose it.
Kate Sheffield, the older sister, stands in the way. Kate is a few years older and is always over looked. When she sees Anthony has taken a liking towards her sister her blood boils. He was a rake and she would not let him take her sister or her heart.
What used barrels are best? It depends on what you want the barrel to do for you. A lot of breweries use Pappy Van Winkle barrels because that’s such a highly-regarded bourbon, but it’s also very old – 15 to 23 years. Whiskey takes things out of the wood, it doesn’t leave much behind.
112) red paper bag, decorated with hearts, filled with beautiful craft goodies for my craft crazy daughter,
In alleging fraud or mistake, a party must state with particularity the circumstances constituting fraud or mistake. Malice, in-tent, knowledge, and other conditions of a person’s mind may be alleged generally.
Nor have I any other employment:
The tax hike would raise the tax millage rate from 18.266 to 18.631, Mary Lynne Kniley, director of finance for the district, said Tuesday evening.
If only the script actually addressed these points. But it does not.
What’s your favorite Mexican dish? Post your favorite recipes! And if you don’t have one yet, there’s plenty of cookbooks here at the library to help you get a start!
Thoughts of him begin to take her over as she speeds down the motorway, oblivious to the "Police Targeting Speeding" signs. He's under her skin, in her head, on her body. "Its all so fucking hilarious" he'd say, she's thinking "Hold on boys . . It's going to be a bumpy night"
Chisomebi “Somie” Emma-Iwuoha
On top of it, I chose a background for my photos that collected far too much lint. Not sure it’s worth photoshopping it out, but not sure how keen I am to re-shoot.
of love’s sanctity
When people express the standard miscarriage sentiments of "These things happen for a reason." or "This is God/Nature's way of weeding out the sick and the unhealthy ones." or "It's all for the best." or "You can always have more kids." It cuts mothers of the unborn to the core. Think of how cruel it would be to say any of those things to the mother of a 6 year old who had died of leukemia. You wouldn't, because that would be horrid. I can tell you that the mother of an unborn child, lost at any stage in pregnancy, feels just as much that she is a mother and that was her child as the mother of a child of any age. So telling her that her baby was just a malformed, sick affront to evolution that is better off dead is not helpful, comforting, or kind. Don't say it or anything that makes it seem like this was supposed to happen. Because even though we know it's true, and that if something was terribly wrong it probably is better that the baby died early, the idea that there was something so wrong with our child that it couldn't even live is frightening, upsetting, and awful. And none of it takes away the fact that we lost a child. We didn't lose a fetus, we lost our baby, it died. It will never be in our belly or arms again. We won't get to meet it or see it or hold it and play with it. We can't watch it grow up. It's gone and dead, which is tragic and intensely painful.
So I strongly suggest you give one of these a try. You won't be sorry.....This concludes this public service announcement....now what needs to be fried up today......
it was for the pure pleasure of seeing someone die from just being his sort of kind
One of my closest friends has a scar around on her right temple, next to her eye. I've never known her to be anything but beautiful - made up or fresh faced. She radiates beauty from within, and although I do see her scar, it's part of who she is, and I don't see anything ugly about it.
King David was a Shepherd boy, God chose him to be king of Israel, but one day, when it was time for the kings to go to their works, He was at home, not doing his responsibility properly. As he watched out from his palace, he saw a beautiful woman called Bethsheba bathing, he let his servants called her, then he slept with her.
It felt like I hadn't seen the girl in FOREVER! She explained how she'd gone to the Army hospital with Luke, thinking they'd give him a breathing treatment. Then they transferred him to a hospital with a children s department. And she rode behind the ambulance in her car. And when she parked and went into the hospital to see him, that they wouldn't let her. It took her 2 hours to be with her infant son again. Oh, she was NOT happy.
Me: Today, I think I will write about travel and how to pack. I have been thinking about how best to pack a suitcase and what are the essentials for a bon voyage...
Five Invicta Watches With Timeless Style
I can pull all the girl clothes out from behind the door on Husband's side of the closet that I've been squirreling away. Hehe.
people to plan/prepare for themselves.
Have a wonderful weekend everyone! We're going to be busy preparing for the arrival of family all the way from Australia next week ~ can. not. wait. In semi-not-really-related news, if you are an Australian visiting Madrid and I happen to hear your accent, I WILL just start talking to you ~ as happened today much to the amusement of the Aussie family concerned!
Nancy "The Brit". She's a monster of aggression towards the opposition when we photograph their rallies. Always wheres a kuffiya on her lovely face. Points and yells, "ZIONIST" while she assaults and blocks cameras on a public street. (Kind of silly really, but it's her favorite past-time)
-thankful
In addition to these new irritants, Dead Souls is plagued by issues familiar to the series, including endless pages of text dialogue and frequent loading screens. In a lethargic opening similar to Yakuza 4, I was more than an hour into the Dead Souls and had barely moved my character more than a few dozen feet.
The next stop was at a culvert under a large raintree that doubled as a bus-stop. There were some cows grazing around and at this old woman who wanted them to move in a particular direction, but I couldn’t really figure out which. Then she gave up and started chatting to some other folks sitting under a tree in the field nearby. An ox-cart passed me by here with a pair of sturdy-looking oxen pulling in front while 3 people sat in the back with some bundled up stuff. Since they were moving so slowly, I got nice long stares before being asked to take photos of them. No camera, I lied. They moved on. Then I figured I best just keep moving on slowly since I couldn’t really take a nap anyway. So I just poured water over my head and moved on myself.
A bunch of the old removed plumbing. And yes, the whole rest my basement is the same painted green color.
A brief piece of the scene? DB was holding her, covering her mouth with a dishtowel, and yelling obscenities while trying to direct all of us to get into the car. The rest of us were running in circles. The older boys were crying... Bubba was in hysterics saying 'I should have caught her, I should have caught her,' and Lil' Bub was in hysterics saying 'she's gonna be ugly now!!!' I was saying 'oh my God, oh my God' along with 'I can't look, I can't look.'
So I returned the equipment to the shed, cranked up the truck and ventured to the coffee shop for the candy. They did well, after assuring me they weren’t sure the lady owner would remember to order it. She being, they said, rather absent minded and forgetful.
The “Boulevard”, from Red San Luis to Callao, known as the Calle Pi I Margall, after Francisco Pi I Margall, (some spell it Maragall) a man who had been the country’s president for one whole month in 1873, and the roadway was completed by 1921, although building continued until 1927. This was meant to be the pride of Madrid. A street of iconic buildings, grand hotels, luxury shops, including Spain’s first department store, and a new theatre, the Fontabla. Together with the work of the American architect, Weeks, Spanish designers, including Zuazo Muguruza and Antonio Palacios, the designer of Madrid’s Metro stations, were also included here.
Level 1 - Vanilla Ice Cream - Buy 5 Get 1 Free
Alexander, Who’s Not (Do You Hear Me? I Mean It!) Going to Move written by Judith Viorst and illustrated by Robin Priess Glasser in the style of Ray Cruz (Atheneum Books for Young Readers, 1998)
And now, I'm off to play Kung-Fu.
It makes me jealous, when girls around me have been with there guys for 3, 4, 5+ years. Some are getting promise rings, others are just getting more and more adorable with their men every minute. It's upsetting thinking that I've never had that, and who knows if I ever will. On top of being jealous, I have such high standards. Standards to which 99.9% of guys will never meet. Some days I wish that .1% man would just come save me from my breakup-induced sorrows, but apparently it's just not my time, yet.
Isn't it fab!! Thank you Alicia for joining us for this challenge. Please take a moment to visit Alicia's Blog and don't forget to let her know you stopped by.
As the fire burns; truth, justice, wisdom and innocence is shined upon, and all beings of the historic and ‘mythical’ past known in literature and legends such as Gods, Goddesses and Masters, get ready to fire their bow and arrow as a hallmark of the universal spiritual target about to be reached. I am captured by a symbolic vision of the sky turning to fire, the sun and solar flares having a sacred significance as our passion and heart-soul is ignited.
WOHLSTAND ~ German-Japanese Noise-Compilation:
There was one kid in The Fort whose English was as good as mine. Not that mine is perfect, but for a 10 (or so) year old, I was always surprised to hear him talk so well. He didn’t attend school, but knew the story of the Palace on The Fort very well and spoke Spanish, Hindi and Italian besides English. Billy, talked to everyone! He has a great personality and I’m sure and really hope he does great things as he grows up.
318 **9. “A Tribute to Conscientious Editors: On Mortimer J. Adler, John Van Doren, and Others.” Greek Star, Chicago, Illinois, February 4, 1999, p. 8. (Incorporated in Item C-1998(12), above, pp. 865-66.)
So yeah...I missed a week and I'm a little late this week, but I've been BUSY!
One of my favorite summer time beers. Best enjoyed with friends on the deck or lounging on the beach.
And—here’s the positive part--we both added a lot of muscle. My biceps now have stretch marks. Women who work with my wife ask in awe if they can touch her arms. I can see actual ab muscles, even if they’re somewhat obscured by my something-less-than-flat midsection. After walking by a mirror at home, we sometimes have to stop because we see a new calf or shoulder muscle that we’ve never noticed before.
And I doubt very much if the artist even cares!
They illuminate the sky in a skillful way
How could we then realize that we have God’s calling if we didn’t encounter Him first? For every encounter with God, there is a revelation.
I think that the "helpful" and "cooperation" charts have been helpful in giving me a tool to teach her what these things are. I have discovered in this parenting gig, that I am not a natural teacher and I need all the tools I can.
Miss Larrieux survives on a diet of meat, potatoes, cereals and an occasional apple but refuses even a single slice of carrot on her dinner plate.
There’s another beatitude in today’s reading in verse 12: “Blessed are those you discipline, Lord, those you teach from your law.” So two readings and, so far, two beatitudes. This Psalm is packed full and I want to note simply that the Psalmist has his eyes upon the Lord his fortress, his Rock.
BLITZER: All right, we have another question from the audience. I’ll look forward to seeing your medical records.
Source: From the Author-Melitta Strandberg
At this point, everything goes to shit. Or rather, it goes to vomit.
- earth - a bureaucratic desire for extra-capsular extraction - southern lord - 2010 (lp)
Huh? With 20 cans of salmon-flavored cat food?
to someone she knew.
I have a new friend. I'll call him Adrian. Hello, Adrian - I'm sure you will recognise yourself, even with this different name. Adrian has written a long novel which he has been working on for much of this year. He has had feedback from several readers, some with publishing industry experience, so their comments are more likely to be useful than those of random friends and family. He has taken on board all their comments and made changes to his novel. I have not read his novel, nor do I intend to until it is published. I have read and commented on the synopsis and the first page - that's all. So can I be any use to Adrian in helping him develop his novel? I think so. Because I don't think I can teach him to write, but I might be able to help him to learn to write.
Two provinces down,the third,the biggest in terms of land mass and smallest in terms of population has fingers crossed for balkanization of the region. The level of intrigue and mystique surrounding the third province is interminable. News of bounty being announced for the death of Punjabis straying in Balochistan filters out now and then and people are gripped with fear. The media and other political parties,with PTI at the fore of it have endless capacity and breath to waste on spewing criticism at the government and every preceding government in the past,reinforcing the point that balkanization might indeed be the best solution. Give the Sardars their barren play ground. A province where every provincial assembly member is given an amount set in millions for development in their constituency,but still posts an abysmal income per capita of USD 183 (PKR- 16287) per year cannot blame the federal government for the insurgency and having an ‘apathetic’ attitude towards the province. Not when the Sardars are known for smuggling weaponry worth millions from across the border and run a thriving black market with the parliament’s blessings.
When it comes to writing, I’m a purist. I don’t do “musings,” or “ramblings.” Poetry’s not my bag, and I won’t be sharing recipes with you any time soon. There’s a place in the blogging world for all those things, I suppose. It’s just not particular cup of tea.
Ugh,enough of that.
2. Use each other as a sounding board for your purchases and make sure you REALLY want something before taking the plunge.
14. The Galileo 7-Are We Having Fun Yet? (Teen Sound)
Just editing BLACK BOX – Nick Faith’s retelling of the history of aviation disasters. Not one to buy at the airport (should I be saying that?).
The two begin investigating a drug ring run by Reese Feldman. (Vince Vaughn) Feldman has developed astrain of cocaine that is undetectable by smell or taste and plans to ship millions of dollars worth into Bay City. Our heroes ru the investigation from when a Feldman associate’s corpse washes ashore until the point the drugs are to be delivered hidden in the grad prize at a charity ball.
"The prince would retain all his rights and the monarchy would remain in place," Paul Vogt, a committee member, explained in the local press.
In “LGF’s Lunacy Comes Full Circle,” at Man Sized Target, Chris Roach has done a better job of succinctly describing LGF than I ever could (see below).
These are but a few of the many reports on Islam in Mexico. The evidence that many Islamists in Mexico are plotting against the U.S., using all means—such as drug trafficking, which is not forbidden in Sharia law if it serves to empower Islam—is overwhelming.
233I hear thee, view thee, gaze o'er all thy charms,
A condominium management board in Ottawa, Ontario, has ruled that a the owner of a plug-in hybrid vehicle can’t use an electrical outlet in his building’s garage unless he buys his own $3,000 meter.
-Gandhi
Last year we got a thrill arriving on the streets of "Deadwood" at sunset. Same thrill this year.
Always sorry
You would think people might learn, because here, we actually have the archetypal "bread and circuses". But the reason the Roman emperors expended huge wealth on them is because it diverted the crowd and kept it occupied, allowing their rulers to get on with other matters undisturbed.
7. I’ve had a really bad day and it always makes me feel better to see a pretty girl smile. So…
This bond joins everything together
As I sat looking out over the water I realized I was holding my breath waiting for movement. I think there is a lesson to be learned. We try to move through different life stages seamlessly. We even wear our flexibility like a badge of honor. I like the idea that nature has built in a period of rest... time to heal, repair, accept change...find our footing again before sending us rushing in a different direction.
please email Debbie at mdjsburns@aol.com.
I’m not one to hate
They love pouring their own milk, and adding the sugar.
Before anyone else asks, yes, there is such a thing as Dragonfruit, and yes it is delicious. They are nearly impossible to find unless you're willing to dish out some cash. I think a 3lb batch of dragonfruit will run you somewhere in the neighborhood of about $40.
Rachel McLish (Aces: Iron Eagle III)
The original first publication of Laws of Media, as an essay in a German magazine. This is an extremely rare item, and not well known.
Two parts of a huge feeding mass of Sooty Shearwaters. Conservative estimate was 20,000 birds but maybe many more. By far thelargest feeding aggregating of seabirds I've seen. They were initially close in but then moved further away from the beach.
JIMMY EAT WORLD-BLEED AMERICAN 3 X LP
I have one friend alive; thou wouldst disprove me.
I didn’t plan to post today, but I couldn’t resist trying on this new avatar I got from Surf Co. Of course, I am a big doll fan. This is “almost” my dreaming avatar. Soooooo cute.
John Smith’s Grand National Record: 2010 Niche Market (PU 27th); 2011 Niche Market (5th)
I’ve taught classes in altered books, handmade books, collage art and mixed media art. I’ve designed in the past for Grafix and I am currently on the Alpha Stamps design team. I specialize in very intricate multi-layered and textured art; which I’ve christened as “organized clutter”.
I had no idea how this was going to go. After all, I ran 18 miles the day before. (Although I ran my 8K PR last summer the day after an 18-miler.) I was prepared to be happy with anything under 45 minutes.
U.S. Justifiable Homicides Nearly Double Over a Decade
Well i am pleased to say that my dinner tonight was filling I had to modify the recipe slightly as i didn't have all the required ingredients. This is what i changed: I did not have panko break crumbs (nor do i know what they are) so instead i used the homemade 12 grain bread that i made last week and toasted it. I added it to the food processor and vola my breadcrumbs were done. There was no dion mustard in the fridge so instead i chose to dip the chicken breasts in egg whites. I did not have tomato paste and substituted for a small amount of tomato sauce. The chicken was moist and delicious. I chose not to add whole wheat pasta as a side dish and opted for two veggies. I sliced up three different colors of peppers and had Edamame beans. My picture may not look as appetizing as the one shown in the recipe, but i enjoyed it!
Honest—Abe, 6 x 4.5", $50 SOLD
Luff Imbry was another invention who grew in the telling. He began as a supporting character in Black Brillion. After it came out, I got a nice review of my early books from Nick Gevers, Jack Vance aficionado and co-editor of Postscripts, and when I got in touch he said he’d like to see a story from me. We talked about it a little and decided that Imbry had legs. I originally set out to be a crime writer, and only fell into writing science fantasy by accident (people kept telling me they’d buy novels or stories if I wrote them), and Imbry was an opportunity to create a real noir baddie. I think of him by the way, as much like Sydney Greenstreet’s character Kaspar Gutman in The Maltese Falcon, with a little Peter Ustinov stirred in.
"Hey, kamusta? I'm on my way to Ortigas."
Add a lug of olive oil into your cast iron pan (one with a lid) and saute, add the chops and sprinkle over half the cumin, paprika and some salt & pepper, brown the chops and turn once, then add the carrots and put the chops on top of them, arrange the fennel over the chops (you may need to cut them into eighths, it just depends on how large they are to begin with). Sprinkle the remaining spices and chopped parsley over the fennel and add about a cup of water. You want to not quite cover the chops. By this time the tajine should almost be at the boil, cover with a tight fitting lid and turn the heat down so it’s just simmering and cook for about an hour, keep checking it though.
“So anyway,” Jamie says, “If I’d have been there….”
2 teaspoons freshly squeezed lemon juice
Anyway, each item had to be swabbed. They even took my brain to pieces and swabbed every part. I now have the cleanest limbic system and brain stem in Scotland, possibly the world. I mean, who else can say they've just had their brain swabbed by security, or indeed by anyone else?
It was so hard to see it all go...but I had to be realistic and just let go!
At the Library’s own Web site you can see more than 2,000 original Civil War glass plate and vintage card stereos. According to this Flickr page, there are more than 50,000 stereographs, spanning the 1850s to the 1930s and covering an encyclopedic array of subjects.
"So we should get new cabinets?"
I Guess that’s why they call it the Blues
On a much different note, my insurance company has decided to not be as co-operative as they could be with my entire cancer journey. So all dr. visits, tests, treatments, etc. from here on out have been cancelled. We just don't have the money to pay for it all ourselves and I flat out refuse to have my family get further into debt over this. it so isn't worth it.
Good bye, big weight gainer.
I feel so relieved now, yet at the same time, I am still very sad. My internet friends have become in-person friends, and there is someone that I love deeply that knows what I need, and that I am in need of support and she has given that to me unconditionally without knowing my full story. I love her for that.
Next up............. The sangria!
The blog wants to speak now: The Ballgames, Music, TV, Pop Culture and News categories have been updated to include, among other things, a certain famous act by coach Bobby Knight.
Today I am wearing a pair of jeans I have not put on
In today’s verse we detect another reason. The Lord never told the remaining eleven apostles to get out of Jerusalem. James, the leader of the Jerusalem church was a permanent resident there. Back in Acts 21:17 Paul met with the brethren, whom I assume to be the apostles, and then in verse 18, all the elders. Why were they allowed to remain there and the Lord expressly told Paul to quickly leave?
But The Star can reveal that even though the initial investigating officer, Warrant Officer J Letsoalo, had sourced the footage from the SABC, he did not present it to the prosecutor as part of the evidence.
With time I reached the age where I didn't care what people thought. I learned to question every bit of "wisdom" and advice thrown my way. Imagine, all those years, all that rubbish and I had no clue. Television, like all things, has a value which is determined by the individual. The aesthetic and psychological value are hard to pin down but, like anything, it is a source of knowledge.
Life is amazing and full of opportunity, but I understand people want their lives difficult. They want to be the centre of attention, they want to be special, they want to be someone. I don’t believe in all this. I believe we are all the same, our choices are different. I believe in creation and abundance instead of lacking and counting loss. I’m tempted to say that people often misread me, but I know that’s just my ego talking.
Meats: Veal, Pork
This metaphor could use some development. It doesn't account for the way writers participate in public language. All people, writers or not, are part root and part tree; we all use a combination of public and private speech. Without some sense of public language, the writer would be impossible to comprehend, even for an editor. Once Thoreau dreamed of creating a singular language, all for himself, but I fear that he could not have used it to communicate.
Please leave $500.00 under west steps of Hyde Park Baptist Church, Cor. 2nd & Cong. Ave, Hyde Park. Leave money by 6 oclock Friday evening Apr. 12, 1901. Said amount must be in gold and greenback. Bills must not be larger than $20.00 a peice. If money is left by said time, we will repay it soon. If said money is not left at said place by said time, we will kill you or some of your family or destroy your property soon. You can take the risk of losing your life or of getting the money back, just as you like. We are gamblers and have done this several times before and have always got the money. We have always paid it back inside of six months. You must say nothing about this to no one till you get your money back. But if you think you can catch us, and fo mention this, you and your family and property are in same danger, and you will be destroyed as quick as possible. We have asked you as gentlemen should; now be a gentleman and leave the full amount. You will not miss $500.00 for six months. Take warning from us.
When I go, I want to have a smile on my face in the last moments. I want people to sing a few songs, bring a few flowers and remember that I tried.
WS: I grew up in a working-class Italian neighborhood in New Jersey, in a town which was sort of a vacation spot for New York mobsters, so I was familiar with that world early on, in an oblique way. Years later, I met some of those people – though not on any extended basis – and it always occurred to me they were basically the same as the working-class Italians I’d known growing up, except they’d never actually worked a day in their lives.
I recently sifted through a folder which I had not opened since late 2009. In a text file labeled “bits, bytes, and bullets,” I found this verse. I have no concrete recollection of writing it, but it serves as an apt demonstration of my mindset at the time.
Like, who are they? Who decides which projects get priority? How does one get on the GPATS board? Is there a bidding process? If not, how do they decide which companies get these plum contracts?
She had drifted too far from the party…
A couple of days ago I put this picture on my Facebook:
Yearbook Awards:
I am so happy that love can linger on and never die even if your loved one will never come back to return it.
Before Vanilla, he had a five-year relationship with Victoria, a 1969 VW Beetle he bought from a family of Jehovah’s Witnesses.
Rajasthan is the largest state of India. Rajasthan is combination of two words “Raj meaning Kings” and “Sthan meaning Land”. Hence, Rajasthan literally means the land of kings. And yes it, you will observe, experience on your Rajasthan tours exploring its several magnificent monument attractions like forts, palaces, temples, Havelis, etc. Drenched into royal grandeur the royal land of Rajasthan is a globally famous tourist destination of India. Every year the state sees large gathering of tourists.
OK, let me back up a bit. I recently started learning about and practicing the “Getting Things Done“(affiliate link) time and project management system, and am loving it’s logical, simple way of managing tasks… and life in general. I started using Evernote (a free software for productivity) at about the same time. But I was a bit frustrated that Evernote did not have a “deadline” or “scheduling” function, to set dates by which certain tasks had to be completed.
Filipino Movies Today
You can see more pictures and read about how I made this over on the Pages blog. I am hard at work on next month's projects in between recovering from some major tryptophan overdose!
Well, my loading days are over and I'm excited about that because now I get to see some changes. I didnt gain much on my load days which scares me but I have done pretty well today. I had tea for breakfast, chicken and celery for lunch, an apple for a snack and tomatoes and steak (lean) for dinner and I'm saving my apple for later when Im doing homework (thats when I get bored and want to eat). When I finish my apple tonight I will be at 490 cal for today. I was hungry but not in a shakey, I need to eat kind of way but in an empty kind of way. I figure that will go away when my stomach shrinks from 500 cal a day diet.
It’s Just One Bullet (10)
At least two of the three 'anarchists' had records of prior arrests in other states, sources said.
In the parallel accounts, they ask Him to heal her.
But why’s it so important for us to all be ‘flat stanleys’ these days?
Mills College in Oakland was the only college located outside the Midwest I applied to, so naturally I chose it above all others. I left my hometown of Minneapolis in 1996 at the age of seventeen, arriving to pursue my degree and the ultimate education: living in the Bay Area. During those four years I interned with the Harvey Milk Institute on Castro Street under the guidance of the organization’s executive director, Kevin Schaub.
it gets cute and the guys are pretty hot so i definitely recommend this if you want a romantic read
I read all kinds of yoga blogs where the people writing them say how they learn all kinds things about themselves during yoga or because of yoga or whatever. I never thought I’d be one of those people. I love yoga, I love what it does for all of me, but I’m not one of those people who has revelations during yoga either.
Cannibal Courtship/Cement Slippers by Dengue Fever
Can I just say that Ashley’s dog is so cute. I want him!
Loves to be lifted up and down above your head.
I potted some flowers with my brown thumb. I am really trying to learn more about gardening and keep some plants alive longer than 1 month. I also started working on my porch renovation. One rocking chair is now high gloss white (it was black before). Took a few more cans of spray paint than I thought, but I love the look. Glossy white looks good on everything.
5~7 = 2 Coins
4 ounces bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped, (I used my new immersion blender to chop up the chocolate - what a blessing - it was easy and took a few seconds and came out just right.)
The last thing I erased from my calendar was my birthday. I figured it could be cancelled. I stopped aging at 29 anyways. It didn't really work. No one believes I am 29 anymore.
Then, a few days went by and I noticed the paint was chipping off of the trim really easily. I was sure this was because I decided to skip the sanding step. I decided it was too late to turn back, so I just touched up the marks as they occurred. And what I realized down the line is that it just took time for the paint to actually harden and cure. Now, it's much much more durable and doesn't nick much at all. And if/when it does, it's still so easy to just touch it up as needed.
My daughter was there looking over my shoulder as were killing bandits a couple weeks back.
Nadia, to me, is hands down one of the best Nia instructors/practitioners in all of Hawaii. Nadia & I are friends through Nia as well. I can’t even begin to explain how awesome her classes are. You may just have to check them out for yourself. What I appreciate the most from Nadia’s classes are her words. Sometimes when people describe things about the body, mind, & spirit it can come off as weird or contrived. Not in Nadia Nia classes. Her verbiage is excellent & fully descriptive for the body, mind & spirit. Nadia is based out of Kailua & I go to her Saturday classes as much as possible. The biggest lesson I’m learning in my body & mind right now is “it’s okay” & “it’s okay to let go.” I’m learning it because of my classes with Nadia.
18.Can I buy magic items? Oh, come on: how about just potions?
And I hope that's not forgotten in this political debate.
"Hey! Sarge or Lieutenant or Captain or whoever you are...."
For this layout I used:
I gave my mom and dad a hard time growing up. I was defiant, I thought I knew it all, I made all the wrong choices. I went through dark periods of sadness and confusion. I pushed my family away, I told them I didn't need them. I caused them so much pain that there is nothing I could ever do to make up for it. I loved them, I hated them, I lied, I deceived, I did things I would be ashamed to write here.
-Our financial system is based on toxifying the planet with no serious incentives to be a good steward of the planet…. this is because our leaders worship satan and not God.
There is so much of unfinished work for DBKL. You are better off doing what you were meant to do and not be a slave to the BN’s do-or-die-together panic mode.
Cook five minutes; that's the plan.
But my favorite part was the section covering exercise. I get at least 30 minutes cardio a day, plus strength training 6 days a week, but apparently that’s not enough! Oh no, I get a little blurb about increasing my cardio plus a helpful hint to increase the number of different types of cardio I do. Not that it gave me the option of indicating the ones I already do, I guess it’s just assuming that 30 minutes a day = only one type of exercise? Not quite sure WHY it would assume that…And then a little blurb about flexibility training, which is pretty damn lulzy for someone who used to be a competitive gymnast.
18. And Suddenly
Not sure how I feel about that, to be honest. On the one hand, it's gorgeous and represents a monumental effort. On the other, it also represents colonialism, opression, and an imported religion. The silver industry has a dark history as well. The Spanish discovered silver in Mexico and mined it voraciously. This was, of course, at the expense of the lives of the native population, who were forced into slavery in the silver mines under terrible conditions. The high amount of silver mined also caused worldwide inflation and economic problems. Today, most of the old mines are closed down.
Unfortunately, last week, the Party for Freedom decided to end its support for the government. As you can imagine, this was a difficult decision for us, given the many things also on the subject of islamization that we were still to achieve. Unfortunately, however, previous Dutch governments – as governments elsewhere in Europe – have signed away a significant part of our own sovereignty to the EU, the European Union, a supranational institution run by unelected and undemocratic bureaucrats.
4) Don't take it out on your server if your food is cooked wrong.
Neckbands made by binding the edge.
pinch of cumin (optional)
Freewheel’s post concludes with a determined “This isn’t over!” It is so not over. We will uncover the secrets of successful cupcake commuting. We have to, for science. Who’s with us?
Why is it that the comedians like Stewart seem to be the only ones to get it right, and then actually say it.
Designer paper is from My Minds Eye. I used the big layers Mat stack 3 die from Papertrey, Ink as a anchor for the main image. The dies I used on the sentiment come from Verve and work so well with so many sentiments.
make sense to you? Am I helping you discover what intimacy is really about? Let’s go
The association agreement also contains a chapter on intellectual property rights (IPR). The parties are asked to respect certain standards of IPR protection as well as to guarantee an adequate IPR enforcement by making civil, criminal and administrative remedies and measures available to right owners. Most of these provisions complement and integrate the TRIPS Agreement.
"Wrong. Not her mother."
Cheap accommodations – Hostels are fine if you are just looking for a place to grab a shower and snooze but if you want to savor the atmosphere of a Paris neighborhood, check out weekly apartment rates or room rentals where you can cook and hang close to home to keep your out of pocket expenses low.
I don’t know about you, but I am completely confident in my writing. When I finish my revisions (which, whatever, I don’t need to do, because my story is already full of awesome) I’m going to query and every agent will want my story. I know I’ll have the same response from the Big Six. My book will go to auction and I’ll sign a seven figure, seven book deal, and the movies based on my books will double The Hunger Games opening weekend. I am never insecure about my writing; in fact, I don’t even know what insecure means.
Wherever he was, it wasn’t anywhere near the Sherim. He lay on the gravelly bottom of a narrow gorge, his boots and calves in the swelling stream. The sky above was grey, dark with fading light. Dora lay half on top of him, her head on his chest and her leg tangled with his. Her hair, normally so wild, was plastered flat against her skull, and her robe was dark with moisture, almost black in this light.
Tell-tale signs of FATIGUE connected with RA are a frequent state of weariness and tiredness, or “unrelenting exhaustion”(1), per the Mayo Clinic. According to the Johns Hopkins Arthritis Center, “FATIGUE is common in all patients with an inflammatory arthritis such as psoriatic arthritis and rheumatoid arthritis. It is likely multifactorial. Medications, lack of mobility and exercise, sleep disturbance, chronic systemic inflammation and in some cases depression can all play a role.”(2)
The problem with it in this situation is that it implies choice. The alternative to "not doing that" in the case of cancer was to roll up in a ball and wait to die. Not exactly the plan I was working from .
It was hot and sunny, and if he wanted Kevin the Philatelist to have a beer and perhaps partake of a few snacks, then it seemed cruel to deny him that pleasure. After all, I’ve played lots of different characters on stage; how much harder could this be?
coming down
I've finished 'How I Live Now' now... And the book my writer friend has written... Am just about to start um..... *scans the pile* 'Damaged Goods' by Helen Black.
This is a mess. The basket had shoes that he will grow into but as you can see that wasn't the best place to put them he loved to pull them all out. Walkers that he rarely uses anymore. Plastic tub has sippy cups, bottles. The rest is just stuff.
The project has been going very well we have met a lot of very interesting people. We looking forward to meeting more. If YOU want us to talk about you in our blog, you need to give us a call at 718-228-7928 to set up a time to be interviewed!
Even this isn’t a perfect analogy, and what I should probably be talking about is institutional purchase of vegetables. If I found out, for example, that, in order to provide my lunch, Trinity College was having to pay for very expensive deliveries of vegetables, many of which were not needed … actually, even this isn’t a good analogy. Let’s suppose in addition that the fellows of Trinity had grown the vegetables in their back gardens and given them to the vegetable delivery company (who packaged them up quite nicely) and were then finding that Trinity College was paying through the nose for them. At that point, I’d be tempted to say that I’d be happy to bring my vegetables directly to the college, not packaged as nicely but free.
Dream Talk: “Your dream began in the middle of the implant procedure and everything that followed, the chases, the trip to mars, the suite at the Hilton was all part of your holiday and ego trip, you paid to be a secret agent”
Another attractive thing about Lake Como is its marvellous alpine views. During a walking break here, you can embark on some excellent mountain routes, discovering unforgettable vistas that many tourists miss out on.
The vice-president of the Uruguay-Britain Chamber said the trade situation from Uruguay with the Falklands is “business as usual” with the only exception for Falklands flagged vessels, which was agreed at last December’s Mercosur summit and ‘sent the wrong message’.
#17 – Finding Nemo
It will give a wider and, I think, stronger voice to educational radio and television by providing new funds for broadcast facilities. It will launch a major study of television’s use in the Nation’s classrooms and their potential use throughout the world. Finally — and most important — it builds a new institution: the Corporation for Public Broadcasting.
The flowers were placed in a pile of things I didn't know where to store.
& there's nothing here that says, Heaven
4 Rainbow Trout (or any type of trout really)
15. Que bandeira (alternate version instrumental)
Re: The picture of Phil in the previous post .... it has
The blades can be fairly rectangular or quite pointed. The points should be at least 1/2 inch wide or you will have problems with bulky seams. A good rule of thumb is for the pointy ends to be between 2 and .5 inches wide and for the tops of the blades to be 3-6 inches wide. Each fan will need 6-9 blades, depending on the width of the blades.
Contest winners will be notified via e-mail.
After admiring this piece, we can then head towards the service station at the corner where, nestling up against the Indian restaurant, there are a few stones of the north face of the curtain wall. This is the smallest consolidated piece of Hadrian’s Wall you will see, but it is far from the last. Now we must with all due caution cross the road and head uphill towards the site of Milecastle 7 (Benwell Bank). All the time the road is on the line of the ditch and the curtain wall approximates to the property boundaries fronting onto the pavement (which is roughly the line of the berm).
Keni
Igniting Orange Peel Tips (be careful!)
*If you do feel some kind of way about cotton, I won’t hold it against you, I’m a little sensitive about the history of it in the U.S. myself…(tee hee).
So next time you have a great idea, jot it down, then put it aside and forget about it. Your current project will be better for it.
Tuesday, May 17
I especially like this necklace because I used my new color combo obsession to make it: I LOVE LOVE LOVE orange with light blue.
Yes, questioning Islam is torment, of course. Anyways, you were saying that Jesus is a prophet of Islam? This is patently ridiculous, as Jesus taught people that they should love their enemies. When was the last time anyone taught this concept in a mosque or madrassah? And the Quran, something I've read in a language I understand and something this 'Deeva' almost certainly hasn't, is all about fighting the 'enemies of Islam'. Besides, the only 'prophet' this blog has ever gone on at length about is the sole prophet is Islam, Mr. Mo himself. Without Mo there would be no belief system known as Islam.
6. Heart necklace with different coloured stones (Christmas Gift 2007)
Exhibit A.
And thresh and ply;
Melbourne, Australia-based designer Wonchan Lee created this set of minimalist posters featuring most of their films. As he wrote, "Pixar movies are everyone's favourite. Hoping it will continue to make the world a better place. I'm pleased to dedicate these artworks to Pixar as one of the biggest fans."
Deep
Bond-breaking among foreign scholars appears to be a common phenomenon nowadays which the Singapore government can do little to prevent as large amount of public funds continues to get ‘wasted’ on nurturing foreigners instead of locals.
I dreamt of you with your gentle warm smile as you woke up beside me
Afterward, the book sat, neglected, in my room.
10. Do any foods bring back good memories?
4. Inside The Heart Of The Universe by Toru Takemitsu
Consider Phlebas, who was once handsome and tall as you.
Dear Republican Party:
Therefore without a moment’s hesitation determine to live together as heirs of heaven, and to be a helper to one other’s souls. To assist you in this holy pursuit I will give you these following directions, which if you will faithfully practice, may make you to be special blessings to each other.
The taste was surprisingly sweet and not unlike sweet potato. It made a lovely new addition to the dinner table but perhaps did not bring with it the diversity I’d been hoping for. After all, I’d been hoping to expand my horizons away from sweet potatoes. Then again, why change something that works.
Eva cooked us a delicious and memorable lunch that we enjoyed after the tasting with all the left over wine – the food and the wine were perfect together:
Kilbeggan Blended – 40% £23.99 rrp
Whenever I read a review of my books (and believe me, I do read them!) I am struck by how differently two people can read a book. One reviewer will find a book thrilling and action-packed, while another will find it plodding or slow. While this reflects different reviewers' individual taste, I think it also reflects what they're looking for in a book.
just me and Ross (and a million crazy people).
A new article by Dr. Joseph Kuhn of the Department of Surgery at Baylor University Medical Center, appearing in the peer-reviewed journal Baylor University Medical Center Proceedings, poses a number of challenges to both chemical and biological evolution. Titled “Dissecting Darwinism,” the paper begins by recounting some of the arguments raised during the Texas State Board of Education debate that challenged chemical and biological evolution. Those challenges include:
The feet are also different, but I usually don't notice those until I'm browsing and culling my shots. Finally, bees and wasps have four wings, while flies only have two - Di-ptera, two-winged.
We also went bowling last week as a class for a team building exercise. It was SOOO fun!!!! Above is one of my teachers taking her turn at throwing the ball.
Head Administrator Eve reassured the Bellas that Kharma would not be Nikki’s opponent, leaving us in the air as to who that opponent would actually be. Immediately fans buried the match before it even had a chance to take place.
And a voice less loud, through joys and fears,
“I was expecting eight, maybe ten, to say yes. But then they all said yes and so it meant coordinating 24 people. Fortunately they were all fantastic to work with.”
I was intending to post the article below, entitled “Multicultural Suicide” by Alan Caruba, when it was first published on 13 February 2011, but then one thing led to the next, and before I could say “Zuma” another week had zoomed by with such swift hastiness, that I can hardly believe it is Friday already!
It could be argued that there's a correlation between the number of mass-produced and faddish accessories, the owner's aspirations and the suspension of disbelief with regard to marketing. Fads make fools of us: witness the dominance of the so-called Belgian style - the greyest of styles deriving from the antique shops of Axel Vervoordt and other Brabantse antiquairs and decorators and now devolved via trend-driven decorating magazines to mall and catalogue. The style could be Belgian, French Provincial, Gustavian, English country house - the name doesn't matter. What matters is that we keep on buying the furniture store vignette (remember that annoying tune "buy the room, get the ....") much as we might buy an outfit put together by a clothing store clerk. That's what matters.
“Aww … sometime ’tween milkin‘ and cleanin‘ the Farrow’s cider press,” came the reply. “He weren’t no trouble once I had a talkin‘ with him. He’s special. Besides, Uncle Jake, you done trained these Mountain Horses so good on the ground, all a feller need do is get on ’em and ride.” Eli, wiry and compact, jumped onto the porch, skipping every one of Lady Hannah’s freshly scrubbed steps. The MacKennons agreed that Jake’s nephew could get away with practically anything, due to his white-toothed grin and fetching appearance.
The male has probably been sheltering on one of the ledges out of the wind’s reach and will put in an appearance at some point, possibly with food. A rain and sleet shower in Nottingham is hardly a challenge to the birds though, as peregrines can breed in a wide range of climates from arctic tundra to tropical rain forests; in fact it’s one of the most widespread birds of prey which can be found on every continent except Antarctica.
Each Wednesday of the new year, my friend Torrie (and two more friends Danielle and Emily) are working their way through Listography 2011 as a way to reflect, categorize, and have fun (among other goals!) They graciously invited us all to join them, and finally, I've gotten my act together in time to include a list for this week's topic, girl crushes. You know you've got them. Now it's time to share them. Well, at least it's my time to share them. =)
Thanks so much Dot for allowing us into your life, even just a little.
2010.09.01 Afghanistan Helmand 0 15 Fifteen people at a market are badly injured, many with limbs torn from their bodies, by a Taliban blast.
Gourmet magazine’s October 2007 issue features a guide to “America’s Best Farm-to-Table Restaurants.” gourmet.com:
An act of naming should quite rightly enable me to call any-thing a self-portrait,
AntiVir Personal offers effective protection against computer viruses for the individual and private use on a single PC-workstation. It detects and removes viruses and includes an Internet-Update Wizard for easy updating.
We have a candy store, the post office with a private investigator above it, an apothecary, Hall Bros Card Shop, a house I’d love to live in (minus the fact that it has no stairs to get to the second level), and the cutest little gas station around.
a little money.
Here drinks are priced relative to the demand of the customers on a given night (hence the name La Bolsa – stock exchange). If Corona is in high demand, you are going to have to pay more than usual. But, if Corona is not a popular drink you can get it for a low price (ok, not THAT low).
Here's a sampling of some articles I've written for the blog on 'Mad Men' episodes. You can find them all by clicking on the label 'Mad Men':
Boy Cried Wolf are only concerned in one thing, making their mark on music. However long it takes, giving up is not an option. “We’re in no rush, we’re all in our 30s we’ve not an NME band we’re a real band made up of real songwriters, we really know who we are and exactly what we want to do are we’re prepared to take all the time in the world to make sure we are bulletproof.”
Anyhow, a number of you have asked and put your hands up to see more behind the scenes footage since the last one we put up HERE, so here we go. This one was taken from Jenny + David's pre wedding :) I've not been able to put up many photos from their session, as their wedding was just around the corner, but I thought I'd share this little behind the scenes montage with you first.
"Ladies and gentlemen; remember what I had told you earlier about shame and its vicious grip on a man's life. Today we have a chance to relieve a man who'd lived with shame and pain for almost a year. I implore you to listen to him with empathy and to draw your judgments taking into account his overwhelming circumstances.....Mr. Nibras, would you please come forward"
Grandiflora is still one of my favourite shops in Sydney... Saskia's floral design has become more and more beautiful as the years have passed and her vision for the big event is extraordinary. Her new book Grandiflora Celebrations takes you on site... the photographs are spectacular and the inspiration unending. This book is available only in Australia at the present time... but it is well worth the shipping costs and the time delay... You can find it here... xv
Stillwater Artisan Ales - Rule of Thirds
Most of us just assume life will go according to some rules. We will marry our prince charming, establish a home, fill the home with the children we desire, graduate them from college, attend their weddings, bounce grand babies on our knees while enjoying retirement. Life rarely goes according to our Garden of Eden ideas. Heaven will hold that perfect vision, not this sin-filled world.
For those of you who don’t like my books, that’s fine, but please don’t write a dismissive review based on what the books are not. My books are not romances, (though all contain a romance of sorts) so do not expect them to follow the genre conventions for romance novels. My books are not apocalyptic, so do not expect them to follow the conventions for such stories. If you need a tag for the novels, call them thrillers, call them suspense, call them conspiracy novels, or you can call them “typical Bertram.”
the bone
for all of the girls of the card line is the city.
The Postmistress by Sarah Blake (TLC Tours)
Boil the pasta in salted water according to the package instructions, drain.
other than put the lace straight on to the card" so I used my Borderability dies
Internet users who saw the photo commented, “You guys are too sweet”, “Your chin line is like your mother,” and “She has nice skin also.”
the Pierce Arrow
Birds chirping;
Sentiment: K. Andrews Designs All About Animals, Colorbox Moss Green
This just goes to show you how involved students are in the activities on Erskine’s campus. EEB is run by students who try to bring in bands they know Erskine students are going to love. The Mirror steps in to get student’s questions answered by their favorite artists. Student photographers capture the moments along the way. It truly is a cool process when you just think about it. Yeh, we have faculty advisers but we really do get to make most of the important decisions for our organizations. It’s pretty neat and the product is one that is enjoyable for many students and faculty and staff on campus.
I am proud of giving up an amazing Army career because they wanted me to leave my wife and baby for 12 months.
David Nied was drafted from the Braves with the 1st pick in the 1992 Expansion Draft. While he never lived up to the lofty standard of a first pick overall, Nied had a somewhat serviceable career in purple. In 4 seasons with the Rockies, Nied had a record of 14-18 with a 5.47 ERA and 127 strikeouts. Following the 1996 season, Nied left the Rockies via free agency and joined Cincinnati but never made the team.
We've got a long history of receiving them
I can't believe that I found this mirror at a garage sale during my lunch time on yesterday for $10 while the price on it says $169. I know everyone is spring cleaning and the last thing I wanted to do was bring MORE "stuff" home, but she's so pretty and her previous owner hated her. I think she's adores.
1st CFL-1 Kieran Grant
Breaking from my self-imposed hiatus, I have written the below piece on the Japanese crisis. The content has little to do with technology as it has not been written with that purpose in mind. The below paragraphs, sentences and words are my attempt to digest the effects of the earthquakes and tsunamis that hit Japan between the 11th and 12th of March 2011. I deliberately omitted images and videos from this post in order to avoid sensationalising the content.
“Beware of turning to evil which you seem to prefer to affliction.”
it has confirmed
(The hypothesis is a 1% method-failure unexpected pregnancy rate. I think that sounds ballpark to me, wouldn’t be surprised if study confirmed that.)
-2 car garage (which is HUGE for the city)
- 2 tablespoons of soy sauce (more/less, adjust to your taste)
597 D-V/5/1970. “On the Occasion of Malcolm P. Sharp’s Second Retirement as a Law School Professor.” Law School Students Association, The School of Law, The University of Mexico, Albuquerque, New Mexico. See Item D-X/5/1980, below.
‘Cause my world revolves around you it’s so hard for me to breathe–my world/our family’s world did revolve around finding you. Not anymore. You have shut us out. And once again, I am left to revolve and to breathe without you/knowing you in my life.
Melt the butter in a small saucepan on medium-low heat, then add the lemon juice and stir to combine. Stir a couple tablespoons of the hot liquid into the yolk & sugar mixture to temper it, then add the yolks & sugar to the saucepan. Whisk constantly until the mixture just reaches a boil (~10 minutes or so, depending on how hot your stove runs), at which point the lemon curd will thicken sort of drastically and separate a bit, turning a brighter yellow underneath a layer of cream/foam.
“Tanner. Tanner Talcott.”
Cooling mask - Singapore is a super hot country and we are always exposed to sun, thus this cooling masks helps to repair and hydrate my skin. It's a super refreshing and soothing mask. You should try!
anti-Semitic
Evidence…(2011)
Enjoy and Have a great day!
Directive 2004/48 provides a legal framework to combat infringements of IP rights. Article 8 of that Directive provides, in particular, that judicial authorities may order that information concerning the origin and distribution networks of the goods or services which infringe an IP right shall be provided by the infringer and/or any other person who possessed, used, or was involved in the production of the goods or services. This information may include the names and addresses of such persons and information on the quantities produced.
I took the day off from work and was going to take the day off from blogging (especially since no nerdy movies came out this past weekend) but after catching up on Falling Skies and being asked my thoughts about it…well…it seems I just can’t quit you. Not even for a day.
The dress was such a nice colour and looked so nice on. It was also a good deal:
Write a poem about a TV show by noon Friday, May 18.
It's my favorite month of the year. The weather is perfect. The colors are at their boldest. And college football is in full swing.
Not much time for updates as the days just seem to disappear.
“You try competing with Mother Theresa, Jane Mansfield and Mary Poppins.”
Today we had a little retirement party for my favorite teacher of all time. As one of several former students on the faculty at My Small Town High School, I was requested to offer a little speech to commemorate what she had meant to me.
There were other episodes where Sam the Sheepdog would clock in, carrying his lunch box and the coyote would clock out. I think that’s how it went. Yosemite Sam probably had a stroke and died. He was always pissed off. I think my least favorite was Porky Pig, the stutterer. ”That..that…that’s all folks…”And Elmer Fudd, who needed extensive speech therapy. I bet little kids that were having problems with their r’s and l’s cried when they watched him. “Shhh! Be verwee verwee qwhy-et. I’m shooting wabbits.”
This picture was taken back at the end of November 2010 as I ransacked my old sketchbooks for ideas and titles for my big winter painting project.
Then I remembered, no matter what time I finish the entire run, the fact that I completed it is good enough for me. I just ran 26K without stopping, how could I be upset about that? And it was then that I got my second (or maybe my third, or fourth) wind. I was able to run, slowly, but I was running.
1. In the Old Testament the kingdom of God was God’s rule over all creation (Psa. 103:19) and on earth it referred to His kingdom in Israel (1 Chron. 28:5; 2 Chron. 13:8).
In the recent past we’ve been treated to a run of decent Aprils — versions of the beginning of spring which seemed like the tail end of summer, complete with all the mandatory hot pant romping. If memory serves me correctly, last year even boasted a royal wedding (complete with all the mandatory hot pant pomping).
a little self flashing behind the veil of soapy film.
Do you remember GIGO? Garbage in, garbage out. Pastor husband and I were watching Cartoon Network with the boys this morning and there was a commercial for Kidz Bop. Well, we've had experience with Kidz Bop before; a little over a year ago McDonalds was giving KB cds in kids meals. Pastor and I listened to it and promptly tossed both cds in the trash. It was adult themed music sung by children. It was completely inappropriate for children! The commercial this morning had Lady Gaga on it! OMW! Really? Lady Gaga for children?? Why oh why would parents let their children listen to that??
Brunch at Gage
Circle City Soups ""My Dad's" sweet corn chowder" My Dad's Sweet Corn comes from Tipton and is one of those items that sells out almost every week at the Farmer's Market. Corn chowder made from it was bound to be delicious and it certainly was. Christy loves all things corn so this was one of her favorites.
The question we should be asking ourselves everyday and every way is simply: Is it good for the Anglo-Saxons? Only then will Jews and other aggrieved minorities be compelled to respect (and fear) us.
Perhaps our image of the modern scientist, as the ultra-rationalistic antithesis to spiritual matters, is mistaken. Certainly, the founding fathers of the scientific revolution exemplify the kind of scientist Ecklund’s study unearths, where the empirical and mystical commingle. Isaac Newton is known to have been a painstakingly intricate Biblical scholar, even if in a highly methodological and precise way, such as his observations on the sacred geometries of the Temple of Solomon. After all, scientists, as presumably intelligent people, may be aware of the complexity of life’s “big questions” and the range of perspective used to tackle them. Or, if presuming scientists to be abnormally intelligent is indigestibly obsequious, scientists are people like anyone else, accepting guidance and meaning handed down through centuries of tradition, however mysterious it may appear.
The set up to the finale does its job, but really seems slapped together at the last second. The writers thought they’d have another season to tell this story, but had to make do with just a few episodes.
I was never exposed to the Black Mask before this, but after this, I am very pleased. I laughed so hard at his scenes. His character is blowing a gasket at how the Red Hood is beating down his criminal empire, and he takes it out on every henchman he has. Slugging them left and right, and ultimately, fending for himself when danger comes crashing through his window. I found the character immensely entertaining here, but I’m sure, in normal circumstances, he’s portrayed in a more calm, in control, and vile fashion. Wade Williams just delivers an entertaining, personality rich performance that practically makes the whole movie for me.
Make sure the staff gets all the training they need: concepts and skills training, tools training, and process training. It won’t do them any good if they know what button to push but they don’t understand why they should push it. Training is an ongoing process; continue later with advanced training to broaden the staff’s knowledge and skills.
The framework I have established here has now reached that point. Thus, I will make the observation hinted at already i.e., all de-Islamization measures undertaken under Options 2 and 3 could also be considered to fall under Option 1. If two thousand unfortunate Muslims were to be killed in Birmingham, would that not induce many others to consider booking flights back to Islamabad, Dhaka, or Mogadishu? If this is the case, then how can Option 1 and Option 3 be considered discrete, separate alternatives?
So, I am trying to use up my scraps, so I started with the small square in the right corner...it is a floral pattern that matches the stripes from a Echo Park Springtime paperpack. Since I am using floral papers...She is my flower power gal as challenged by Joanna Sheen. I browsed the challenge blogs to find a sketch that would work and found it at Sketch Saturday. I subsituted the ruffled dark purple for a paper in the sketch, but I like it. I found it a bit challenging to use this sketch, because I made this card into an easel card. (This is only my second time doing an easel! Don't know why! I love them!)
Another favorite attraction of ours was Talking with Crush (the turtle from Nemo). This "show" was amazing! The animated Crush on screen talked to and interacted with the audience perfectly in sync with his animation. He would take questions from and ask questions to people in the audience and said things like "You so totally rock dude!" Kyla (with Nate's help) asked Crush if he painted his fingernails like she does. When she said she was 2 he said, "Oh, you just hatched! Awesome." He was perfectly in character and sounded just like Crush on the movie. I have no idea how they did this but we all loved it. He was very funny and witty so it catered to adults just as much as the kids.
“You did not even try to see how we could have been,” he interjected.
-1 lb packages of shredded chicken
This is an altered paper shoe swap! Not a real altered shoe!!
Like a gambler's moving to cover bets
6. SLEEP ∞ OVER - your world is night
There followed the long 45 minute walk (down hill all the way in the morning), a full day’s work and a very long walk back up a very long lonely hill, carrying heavy shopping bags in the evening before cooking a supper for the family and dealing with all the other items that come along with well, just having a family really: homework, clothes washing, (mum have got PE tomorrow and no kit) and the ubiquitous letter produced usually around bedtime requesting “Johnny” attend school tomorrow in Mexican fancy dress as we are learning about south american food – oh and if you could also supply a selection of Mexican food to snack on (no nuts) that would be greatly appreciated. You guessed it, more stress.
In contrast, the protagonists to our Muslim Troubles will suffer, as we have said, from the mutual impermeability problem. As such, we can be sure that one of the most effective weapons against the PIRA will not be available in the army’s attempts to reconnoitre Muslim areas and put Muslim paramilitaries under surveillance. This will increase the dependence of the army and security services on informers within those communities and the use of technical and electronic surveillance, all of which have their own drawbacks.
According to a quote from an unknown source—our forefathers called today “The Lord’s Day.” Our great-grandfathers called it “The Sabbath.” Our fathers and most of the world now call it “Sunday.”
Here’s a picture of the actual Bheema rock from the other side.. Arrow pointing the rock
I think these will add a touch of elegance to any gift. I hope you like them.
So: Is there a civil libertarian argument for closing down networks during civil strife - protecting people from incriminating themselves?
Everyone Loves Brandon Jew - 23:25
Music has always been a big part of my life, with having the biggest record collection of all my friends, leading to my dream job of owning my own music store (MISTER DISC). What goes hand-in-hand with stimulating myself to auralgasms listening to tuneage every day? Reading about my fave bands and singers tales of success, destruction and resurrection. I suck up rock and roll debauchery like a Hoover set to stun and my passion knows no boundaries. I can go from Debbie Harry talking about Blondie’s early NYC days to Ace Frehley saying how much he hates Gene Simmons in Kiss to Sammy Hagar commenting Eddie Van Halen is not very hygienic to Steven Tyler still being mad at Aerosmith for not coming to see him in the hospital to the current tome on my nightstand, Lemmy of Motorhead… God bless rock n roll.
The sunflowers were brought round by Hetty, a good friend. They lasted a long time.
The Magnolia-licious store has lot of things for your stamping needs but most of all a giant inventory of Regular size Magnolia Rubber Stamps and the home of the Mini Magnolia Stamps. Diana always has fast and friendly service!!
I remember the latter with a special reverence. My friends and I, sometimes just me as I was an odd kid, would have to trek through a huge cornfield (corn, heh, what else?) to get to the tree line in our little town. I remember thinking that just the trek across the barren — or fruitful, it really didn’t make a difference — field was exhausting, that I’d have nothing left once we got to the small clearing that was the best entrance into the forest (for the rest of it was nothing but a wall of trees). But every time, we’d arrive unto the forest and I’d have this renewed vigor that prepped me for adventure and exploration.
for us to go, we will find something................
Sure, look over to the left, about halfway down, where it says, "History of Hilarity". There you can click on any month and bring up the posts for that month.
-EISNERAMPER LLP-
Cake & collage. Collage was made by my cousin, and it's really cute! Pictures throughout my pregnancy and our wedding picture.
LaShawn – He executes. When he executes he’s dominant because he did it for so long. So Jeremy is about execution. Can we make up a word, because if we can he’s an executionist. He’s a guy who you don’t really know what’s going on with him. He stays to himself. He gets in a zone. He has the shades on and goes out and his main focus is he’s going out to execute his race. That’s what he does. And when he does he wins. When he doesn’t he doesn’t win.
Everyone who takes part will receive a certificate and those who raise over £50 in sponsorship will receive a free copy of 'The Bestest Ever Bear' poetry book.
As the beer warms I’m getting more hop aroma and flavour; a pungent, dirtier hop flavour that could be coming from that simcoe. There’re are no faults in this beer, it’s very clean and tidy, I’d guess a California ale yeast strain is at work here. And as it warms further it’s getting better and better, that hop flavour is coming through stronger, I’m getting a floral quality to it now – something along the lines of cut flowers, and then there in the finish there’s a grainy, biscuity flavour coming from the malt. I’m really enjoying this beer as I empty the glass.
The fare rate hike on jeepneys is now in effect. Oil firms just jacked up gas prices. And Malacañang rejected the proposed P125 across-the-board legislated wage increase. Happy Hunger Games! And may the odds be ever in your favor!
Another thing that wasn’t cool was I, as a 35-year-old man, was bordering on high blood pressure, something I thought was in the “NO WAY” category at that stage of my life… Now that issue is long gone, I am far within normal levels. Sweet!
Starting with African American Vernacular FolkArt, to the Beautification of the Humble Rural & Urban Home. The Fine Art, Abstracted Narrative Compositions of Jacob Lawrence. Onward to the Funky Assemblage Fine Art Sculptures of Nick Caves. The Cubist abstractions of William T. Williams. To Odili Donald Odita Mystical abstractioned murals. And on and on and on, into the emergence of Abstract Designs for Products designed exclusively in the Aesthetic of Funk for family, community and Global Re-Juvenation & development.
I mention the billionaire because the same idea can be applied to America. A few American Billionaires could jump start the economy.
Streaming unfettered to the horizon of sight
Students who have enrolled in Peer Helping 701 next year are reminded to give their reference forms to staff. Also interview sheet is posted on the resource room door.
Zhu JL, Hjollund NH, Boggild H, Olsen J. Shift work and subfecundity: a causal link or an artefact? Occup Environ Med 2003; 60: E12.
WITH the Confederations Cup in full swing, South Africa risks coming up short both on and off the pitch.
China’s solar- and wind-power industries are also taking center stage. The country will become the world’s largest market for renewable-energy technology, and it already has some of the sector’s biggest companies, providing critical components for the industry globally. Chinese companies not only enjoy scale advantages but also, in the case of solar, use new manufacturing techniques to improve the efficiency of solar panels.
Dinner was amazing! Tj is amazing! He completely exceeded my expectations and we had the perfect fist married Valentine's day together!
But to top it off, I have to admit something. Something I'm ashamed to tell you because a dear friend gave this as a gift to me. Someone who reads this blog. He gave me something I loved and treasured very much and as soon as I get back through this year, I will buy again. My liveScribe pen was taken and my students and I have isolated it down to a 5 minute period when it went missing.
The Voice of Art for the woman.
Our adoption remains at the top of my mind. Swirling among doctor appts, school functions, and sports. I'm no longer eyeing the phone. Daring it to ring with a toll free number. I'm no longer jumping at every email. Frankly, since we decided to open our home study for Russia, I feel at peace. Elliana will come one way or another.
Okay with that out of the way, here is a craft I love.
Is where we have landed for the night tonight. We are at a lovely little park. The puppies are playing with all of their toys. They have ridden for many hours today. We still are in awe at how well they have adjusted to this lifestyle. Life is good and so is the "Cab" I am having as I write.
A: I have no idea. (It should be obvious by now that I don't speak to process well. Sorry. What I find so appealing in Wharton is how she gets at the ways tribes use whatever's at their disposal to eradicate any person or thing they perceive as a threat to the tribe's primacy. That's a pretty noir concept, because in noir the individual who goes against the machine is usually destroyed. Think Harry Fabian in NIGHT AND THE CITY or Eddie Coyle in THE FRIENDS OF EDDIE COYLE. What's hopeful in noir and in Edith Wharton novels is that the hero tries to break from the pack. That alone is a life-affirming concept.
Six stray cats on ten Persian rugs...
If you are into the sounds of Tracy Chapman, rumour etc: You should really check out Acoustic Ash's sounds. Follow the link below for website. She has also recently entered " Live and un-signed" competition, so has some wicked videos on Youtube that are definitely worth having a look at.
This tremendous loss is ours, not Jack’s. I am confident that Jack is blessed and whole and perfect and finally getting all of his questions answered at the feet of his Savior. My prayer is that God will somehow redeem OUR loss in this life. I am desperate to find ways for Jack’s legacy to live on in my life. I am determined to find redemption in this heartbreak. …I am aiming high. In Jack’s honor, I want to-
19. He Prayed
I had my check up with the Dr. at the hospital. I was weighed for the first time, holy cow I had lost 10 pounds. The Dr. cleared me to go back home. I wanted to go back so badly, but PC had to write a report and they thought there wasn't enough time for them to write it and me to make it to the flight. Boo. I met the other medvac from Ukraine, and went to dinner with her and two COSing (close of service) volunteers from Thailand. She was super nice and showed me how to use the sky train.
Allow the steamed flour to cool by laying it on a wide plate.
It's aimed mainly at the aforementioned YouTube audience, but I'd welcome questions from blog readers as well! My YouTube channel: Catzie690
You’ll like this music if you enjoy Pavement, Lightspeed Champion, Guided By Voices, The Pixies, or virtually any 80s/90s lo-fi indie post-punk group. Which you do. Even if you don’t, you secretly do. So go download it. Now.
The statistics show a shot count of 11-3 in City’s favour, demonstrating both the lack of chances throughout the game, and United’s inability to trouble City at all, and the whole country must be rejoicing that, for the time being at least, justice has been done.
flash rufus and shimmer ruby on miniature crafts
Drink lips, fears, spiked pain
So here´s a vision: a Nineteenth century house, lit up with candles and chrystal chandeliers. It´s Christmas Eve and there´s a big party going on. Everyone´s at the table; gala dresses, pretty hairdos, jewelery, lots of noise and laughter. Outside: poor people, skinny and badly dressed, in blueish light, looking in on the festivities.
It's been three weeks since you've made all those resolutions.It's said that it takes 21 days to make a new habit, so you've probably already broken your New Year's Resolutions. I say - FORGET THE RESOLUTIONS! Let's have a giveaway hop instead!
Nara Collins is an average sixteen-year-old, with one exception: every night she dreams the events of the following day. Due to an incident in her past, Nara avoids using her special gift to change fate…until she dreams a future she can’t ignore.
* withhold approval, appreciation, or affection
The kids brought home the lovely cardstock reading forms explaining the rules of "I love to read month".
Afriforum wanted to protest outside the law courts where two black men, accused of attacking Potchefstroom farmer Johan Strydom (left); dragging him across a firm chained to his bakkie, and killing him by bludgeoning the young farmer to death.
My ideal garden looks like a vegetable garden that’s gotten out of hand. I haven’t tended my garden properly, because I can tell there are weeds amongst my ripe fruit. I have a strawberry bed, that’s in a similar state at the moment. I’ve been limited in my mobility with my knee injury, and the weeds are about to outnumber the strawberry plants. I’ve already harvested about five gallons of berries – yes you heard me, five gallons. You’ve got to have a lot of berries to make jam, not to mention the fresh berries and strawberry shortcake.
The thing I don’t understand is just how these violent games keep on falling into the hands of these kids. The age ratings are all over the boxes and… OH COME ON!
and a board member of the Jesuits’ Federal Reserve Bank of New York.
you haven't visited before, I am a vegetarian and I love to blog about the family-friendly vegetarian meals I cook for my household. I am always on the lookout for new inspiration and love seeing what people can create without meat or fish as their main ingredient. Therefore this
Thanks so much to each of you who hopped along with us. I am sorry to be late in announcing the blog candy winner. The whole time the hop was going on we were out of town and I was doing everything by laptop on the road. We are home now and as my laundry is going I entered the numbers into the random.org machine and came up with
The staircase was empty. I knew better than to call up. Jason was likely still collecting items and I wouldn’t want to break his concentration. I needed his focus, needed to use it against him.
But what is being freshly pressed? Blogs that are freshly pressed are displayed on a special tab on the main page of wordpress.com! As you might expect, this brings a great increase in traffic, which in turn will greatly increasethe ammount if people who follow your blog if it is good, or increase the amount of apathy or even hatred you receive if your blog is bad. I have often thought that the worst sort of comment a blogger could ever receive would be a self styled Ignatius Riley replying to a post with a mere “Ho hum.”
We all sat at the table talking politics and laughing. I did a lot of soaking up her presence cause have I missed her!
Dj Jini Cowan is one of rising stars of the music scene. Although still one of the youngest musicians at her level she exploded onto the Manchester music and club scene and has been prolific in producing, collaborations and creating her own sound ever since.
This building has been closed before, in 1950, when the inhabitants were shipped out to the newly built Great Apes House* (which no longer exists). It was reopened in 1959 and has housed the smallest monkeys from that date until this past Monday.
Cook about 3 hours at 350 deg then turn down to 300 for another hour or so, or until it is as tender as you would like.
Presumably the thinking was – as a matter of courtesy – that he should learn about the decision from the party, not from the media or third parties, but we believed he should not be woken.
This morning, I woke up to Serena being soaking wet. Luckily, Luke got her out of her clothes while I got the little one all changed & ready for her busy morning.
Uttar Pradesh (East).
Markers: Stampin' Up! Green Galore; Copic Sketch r20 Blush
Half-time substitute Andrew Surman gave his side a fighting chance just after the break. He took advantage after Hart failed to control his box in an aerial challenge with Wilbraham, simply half-volleying the ball into the net.
I linked up at the following linky parties:
The only thing I hate more than the sudden stoppers are the walking readers. Sometimes it’s not just books. I’ve seen people with huge open newspapers. Scream at them to “Look Out!” If this doesn’t get them looking up from their book or whatever, then trip them with a casual foot sweep. They won’t know what hit them. In fact, throw in walking Gameboyers with this group too. Hell, let’s add the walking Texters as well.
The PLCB should be abolished because the idea that sales of wine and spirits need to be "controlled" makes no sense when compared to other products: guns, explosives, drugs, tobacco, cars, airplanes, knives, power tools... The State collects taxes on wine and spirits, but it collects taxes on beer, too: through the distributors. The State makes its mark-up on wine and spirits; why not have the State sell everything, then, from groceries to fishing rods? It makes no sense, and if it weren't for the blanket interpretation of the 21st Amendment that states can do whatever they want with alcohol, it would be gone.
When I was a member of the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers, I read an article in the newsletter that caught my interest. It was an interview with Tim Powers. I read snippets to my husband asking him (like he knows), “How can he do that? How can anyone do that?” Outlines? Those are things you write after a term paper is written and only because the teacher requires it. If they had a crown for that, I’d be Queen.
I hope you all enjoy your Monday and we'll see you back here tomorrow with a new sketch from Kathy and Sassy Studio Designs is sponsoring. Whoo-hoo!! See you then.
so on my night "off", ive been watch you tubes of my child....go figure.
Every ounce of affection
That's going to be hard actually, because there's so much that happens in this book that is major important, and it leaves very little I can talk about. I would say this is probably the most important book in respects to Kaylee's life so far. It's a turning point in the biggest way possible. Everything's changed. Everything. And it's brilliant!
Speaking of Star Trek… (Get used to it; it’s a thing now.) Last Wednesday was Pi Day (March 14th – 3/14 – 3.14). I was going to do a whole Pi Day post but couldn’t get my act together. To put a post together now would just be silly, so I’ll just give you the very best thing I found and save the rest for next year. I give you: “How to make the USS ENTERPI” from Instructables.com.
When a black forest was all that we got from the Oberoi’s,
The wedding was awesome today and i'll post photos of that tomorrow! :)
The NCAA’s modern classification into what we now call Division I occurred in 1948, although the hoops tourney started in 1939. The five schools that have been in D-1 since ’48 were all technically eligible to be selected to the NCAAs since that first 1939 tourney. Of course, it was only an 8-team tourney in those years.
Nobody was seriously injured in the blaze, though it was a very close call for the building’s “keepers” and their families, who lived on the top floor.
Sleep...*sigh*
So instead of hiding, we can step out to meet God at the point of His call. Is He calling you to forgive? Is He calling you to lead? Is He calling you to love? Is He calling you to something you've been hiding from? Then, step out! As Scripture encourages, Do not throw away your confidence in God (Hebrews 10:35). Instead, move forward in faith.
A 4.2% abv Golden Ale, a nice floral aroma, well balanced with a hoppy, bitter aftertaste. A thin head lasted all the way down the glass. This one is best drunk lightly chilled, too cold and you lose the flavours.
What are the differences between cows and women? I’m sorry I should probably rephrase that. Are there any differences between cows and women?
let me go on...
-Pour a good amount of red wine vinegar over the hot farro, probably 2 tsp-1 TB worth. Add 1 large green onion, minced and toss to coat everything in the vinegar.
Felix: Hey Lizard, now that I'm done performing, can I stay and watch the Princess dance?
“Not a shred of truth”?
Teresa has tons of beautiful winged images in her online store. You'll find angels and fairies with butterfly wings, as well as other sorts of fairy wings. Some fairies are on birds, others have butterflies fluttering around them. You'll even find some silhouette fairies. There are backgrounds for your fairies too! Flower fairies, contemporary fairies, garden fairies, and woodland folk. You may find some elves, pixies and gnomes too! I know where there's at least one steampunk fairy. And, that's just in Teresa's digital stamps category!
Having said that, if you would like to be alerted whenever a new book is on its way so you can enter the "become a character" contest, just add yourself to my email distro list by visiting my website at www.hpmallory.com and click the "contact" tab.
I had some scraps all over my floor from the rosette banner project I did (more on that later). I decided they were just too good to throw away (like most of my scraps).
...and bumble bees.
is when the snipers, or “swat team”,
Santa Claus Is Comin' to Town ... ABC Family ... 11:30 AM
Frustrated, I told him to get his meat out of my casserole dish and we both went into panic mode looking for something to do with this massive amount of cow.
and then, bam!
02 - Because Of You
Interestingly enough, less than 48 hours after this cancellation announcement was published, a new announcement was made indicating that city officials has collaborated with a new group of grass-roots community members to ensure that a pride parade did occur, and it did indeed occur!
The medium mentioned above can be a hand skill or technique (i.e. a new type or style of illustration, photography, video or film. It can also be a new computer software or technique.) This opens up the door to a huge variety of possibilities. We had some very interesting solutions and I applaud each of you for pushing yourselves beyond your personal comfort zone.
¤ Do You Suffer from Frequent Sleep Disorders?
Then, she'd change to go.
Pretend he’s Parson Brown? Is that like Burnt Sienna, or Raw Umber? They can make a brown snowman. They don’t have to pretend. Someone should make a brown snowman.
looking
There was no mistaking the hissed curse that whispered through the net of the Sherim to him. "I'll make a light. Watch for it going out."
Now that I’ve addressed flexibility, once you have your list, stick to it unless you are POSITIVE you will use it. Back away from the impulse purchases that have no relationship to your menu. If you don’t have a menu that will work, say, rutabegas in, then do not buy them. I mean it…scoot, scoot!
My (and my sister's) relationship with my parents is really good. We talk to each other about everything from how we've been feeling, what we've been doing, interesting links online or news stories, what our friends are up to... We don't stray away from subjects such as drug use and other illegal activity. I'll cheerfully announce that a friend is taking up graffiti, and Emi will call to say she's headed out to a bar after band practice, so expect her home late. I've never worried about coming home smelling like weed. And because of the relationship we have, my sister and I have never hesitated to get our parents help when we're worried about a friend doing hard drugs, and we'd never hesitate to call instead of driving home with someone who's drunk.
With the many payasam I seem to have ended making, I might as well had planned for a Payasam Variety as theme. I didn't strike me at all, only while I was editing the pictures did it strike me of a missed BM theme. These days anything I do, is done with the BM in mind. So much so that even Amma has started thinking that way.
Maybe both of us are dreaming?
It is still unknown whether the rice-farmings migrants that landed in Japan two thousand years ago also brought with them a writing system, Lee added.
these boys.
Saying they have unfinished brains compares to saying a new moon hasn’t 'finished' until it swells to a full moon. The Teen brain marks one moment in the cycle of the brains life where it has enormous potential for one kind of behavior - risk taking, adventure, romantic expression."I urge you to read the whole post. It's not very long. Personally, I just loved it, and will send it straight to the next person who seeks to silence and dis-empower a teen by telling them of their faulty brains!
Very affordable, long lasting and fits most walkers. These glide smoothly over most surfaces, including grass and cement. It will fit any 1 1/8” walker tubing. Please check it out at our site. Click here to view. To install you need to remove either the tennis balls or rubber tips from the rear legs of your walker. Now insert the glides into each of the legs with the raised lip on the glide facing to the front of the walker. Make sure each glide fits securely into place and use a screwdriver to tighten the screw on the bottom of each glide by turning it clockwise.
This caused much sadness and consternation among many residents (this writer included) because of the way in which Pawn Shops ensnare lower income peoples in a negative cycle while the fast cash offered obscures those negatives.
Me: "Sure, what's this regarding?"
1. Verify you’re eligible. Check your account to ensure it is paid up-to-date. Make sure the iPhone you are attempting to unlock is not attached to an account that is under contract. That basically means an old iPhone that’s under a plan which is still under contract is likely not eligible. The easiest phones to unlock will be those that are not associated with any account and over two years old, it seems. If you’re ineligible, be prepared to pay the early termination fee to unlock.
Michael turned 11 years old yesterday - I cannot believe that my little boy is 11 already! He's almost as tall as me now. We've planned a slumber party and trip to the local water park for next week. He's very excited :)
Who doesn’t love the idea of a makeover? Whether it’s a personal makeover, a financial makeover or an organizational makeover, most people seem to like the idea of taking something that they have and use on a daily basis and improving on it and getting rid of the things that don’t work. Look through any number of magazines or cable channels and you are bound to see some sort of article or show “doing” a makeover. As I said, who doesn’t love a makeover?
I've wondered what my future holds and to be honest, I don't know. I know who holds it, and that God and I have to trust in him to take care of myself and my family. I tend to worry too much and over analysis a lot of things and I think that's one of the reasons why I suffer with my eating (acid reflux) and with my anxiety of late. It's been really, really bad! And in one way, they are both effecting each other. Mainly since I am having a lot of anxiety, especially lately, I take a Xynax that has been prescribed by my doctor. Then later on at night, I've been having acid reflux come up or at least a horrible, nasty taste, that now that I think about it, taste very similar to the Xynax when it dissolves in my mouth just a little bit. A very bitter taste that's way in the back of my throat and makes me go running ( or as close to running as this LP can go anyways) to somewhere where I can get rid of it quick! Water, Pepto, Gum..anything! I absolutely hate this! I've been having trouble enjoying even eating my "safe" foods and I am tired of them as well. So I know I should probably cut back on the Xynax, but each and every-time I do, something happens that makes me pop one of those puppies and try to get rid of the horrible throw up feeling/heart racing/yuckiness that I feel when I get one of my attacks. (Like today for instance.) I am concerned that tonight will be another night where I am miserable.
Now we reduce these to binary
That we're slowly drifting apart
These are the numbers that truly matter. And another number that matters is ONE. When speaking in terms of millions and billions, it can be easy to forget that EACH animal is an individual being who feels fear, pain, loss, terror and who COULD feel happiness, comfort, belonging, safety and love if given a chance to live his or her life. EACH animal has his or her ONE life, ONE chance at that life, just as EACH of us has our ONE life. How can that life be discounted for merely a few bites of food or a pair of shoes?
We don’t count with the clock of repentance when we’re captivated.
*** Not to pick on North Carolina, but ... well, okay, so maybe I am. An agent from the state's Department of Health and Human Services, who was inspecting a Raeford elementary school, confiscated a pre-schooler's lunch this week. She claimed it didn't meet USDA nutrition guidelines. And what terrible lunch did her mother pack inside of that paper bag? A turkey and cheese sandwich, (gasp!) a banana, (horrors!) potato chips, and apple juice. Criminal, huh? Oh, don't worry. The poor child didn't go hungry. She was provided with school-made chicken nuggets. And a $1.25 bill. Talk about invasive! The agent's superiors say they don't know why the lunch was confiscated, because it appears to have met the guidelines. Know what? Even if it didn't meet the guidelines, at what point did that agent have the right to stick her nose into that child's brown bag? Good thing nobody did that when my kids were in school. I probably would've been arrested. Not for the food, but for the contraband ... the stupid pictures, notes, and corny jokes I used to write on their napkins. (Ya see, some of them were in very bad taste.)
What you need to know is that
The false statistics of sexual abuse in the United States (and believe me, if you've seen a statistic on sexual violence in the American media, it's almost certainly false. This topic is so politicized as to be completely unreliable at this point) are ridiculously well publicized; but the actual genocidal horror (and yes, it is very much a part of the African and eastern European genocides, and for genocidal reasons) of sexual violence in Islam and particularly in Africa is basically unknown.
Westernization
Chocolate pudding cake for dessert, with frangelico. And I found two half boxes of lasagna noodles in the cupboard, so I’m still hanging in with the starches…just.
How do I know this? Well, there have been subtle but definite signs. The sound of tiny little teeth on drywall. The occasional scurrying of tiny little legs in the middle of the night. And of course, the loud, continuous, earsplitting screeching of what can only be some kind of fucking demon that has apparently taken up residence in our goddamned attic.
Quick fire with three kicked off chefs...and crawfish. Please, please don't come back Leah. Seriously.
I don't think Cailee and John know what's about to happen, I pray for all of their sweet little hearts, that God will comfort them while we are gone.
The warmth of a summer sun,
Apart from the poor bloody teachers, what really upsets people about this - misinformation - is the reflection on themselves. Realistically, for most of us, that's a minor nuisance unless you work with a jerk who knows you dance tango and won't shut up.
The latest example of the GOP’s knack for second string candidates is Newt Gingrich.who is a former Speaker of the House. While he was president Bill Clinton ran circles around Newt.
Chisum provides some interesting background information on the state of technology heading into the Benson decision:
She will be eligible for parole in 10 years. As her public defender said: ”She is getting a greater penalty for having a boy touch her breast than if she killed him.”
You're right, Jen. He smiled. Problem easily averted and a successful shopping trip was had by the two of us. It actually wasn't a battle at all, the crowds weren't too bad, and we found everything we needed. Even if we didn't stop at the Ann Taylor Outlet Store.
The chairmen pointed his finger towards the bothersome little Paul bot whose ratio of piss and vinegar was way in the favor of piss and advised him to “Sit down and Shut Up!”…..….the room was nothing but ‘Puss N Boots’ ooooohh kitties. Yup, the no pun intended cat was out of the bag. The republican senior discounted did want us in the room, they just wanted us to be in the room very, very quietly. Not even a one foot voice. Well Valerie would have none of it and used her big girl voice to let them know how unacceptable it was, all the while the dude in the corner (Ron Paul supporter) who happened to catch the chairmen flip his Centrum Silver on camera, was soon hovered over by the handy dandy police officer just trying to keep the peace and escorted out of the building. Then it was speech time and this round little grey haired man that had been fumbling with his belongings the entire time in the similitude of the skipper from “Gilligan’s Island” took the floor in a pacing, heartfelt tirade on how we all needed to stop fighting with one another and kum by yah all the way to facing off Obama with a limp one in the wrist, whatever that means.
And into that sacred silence
Oh cranium, like radium shelves Rx or lies.
you will be hungry. The Jaws
These school holiday sojourns have been taking place almost every school holiday since out eldest children started school in 1995.
There’s nothing wrong with you, son
MM: Well.. okay. But I still don’t like Derek.
1 flushed
As parents who love their children we want them to be healthy and we often jump right from that thought to food. We are deeply invested in what they eat, how much they eat and when they eat. Perhaps we are missing out on the importance of Why they eat. Why do your kids eat what, how much and when they eat? Do your kids eat because they are hungry? Do your kids eat foods they enjoy? Do your kids eat as much or as little as feels right to them at the time? Or, do your kids eat because you have told them it is time to eat? Do your kids eat foods because you told them that they have to, or because they want to please you? Do your kids eat the amount you put on their plate because they know they have to eat it all? Do your kids eat to please you?
How charmingly sweet you sing!
“Woo, hell yea!” Adrenaline coursed through my body.
But her great-grandmother did and her husband too – he saw that one huge lamp fixed on the sky. He got that disease then, or this is how the story goes.
Thanks for all the encouragement and kind words over the last year.
Purple loosestrife may be taken up to three times daily for short periods.
And -- o'er his heart a shadow
You and I don’t control monetary policy, the Federal Reserve Bank does.
He also made a big deal that he couldn’t get any more specific than those vague statements because he can’t recall their conversations “verbatim.” I tried to explain the difference between verbatim and the bare minimum. He still didn’t get it. I gave him several examples. I said if you asked me what Transformers was about I could tell you it was a movie about cars that turned into robots. That is the quick, 5 second recap. But there are plenty of other things I could tell you about the plot, how the story progressed, what happened, the sequence of events, etc. without repeating the script of the movie word for word. He still claimed that he had no idea what I meant. He said that my example made no sense, and that the short summary he told me was “everything.” I disagreed whole-heartedly.
3 Flowers
In the Tylenol/Motrin example, you might broaden your social media listening to track all conversations, for example, about arthritis. When the SOV analysis is redone as an SOC analysis, you get very different results. Tylenol has a miniscule share — 1.7 percent — of the conversations about arthritis, versus aspirin’s 98.3 share. The self-satisfied Tylenol brand manager who thought the brand dominated online conversations would be shocked to see Tylenol is barely in the game for arthritis.
~4~
15.How are traps located? Description, dice rolling, or some combination?
Well I am so happy to say that I got some much needed crafty time in today.
But those parts of us are as much of what we are to and with each other as the rest of them. It's just that they need to be kept constrained. Like the beast in a way. Ironic, no? But I completely agree. For so many reasons, it would never work.
450 air time: 34 hours, 46 minutes
“There is laid up for me a crown of righteousness . . . and not to me only, but unto all them that love his appearing.”
Did I mention it’s a bicycle?
1. Someone's drinking is causing problems at home and a husband/wife/mom/dad doesn't want to put up with them anymore, so they drop them off, stick around for an hour or so, and then head home, saying they won't take them back tonight. Disposition: Detox.
Former Home Secretary Jack Straw last year accused some Pakistani men of seeing white girls as ‘easy meat’ for sexual abuse following the jailing of another grooming gang in Derby. The latest case was conducted against a backdrop of racial politics.
i love the window in this room, which lets in a lot of light in the mornings.
I wish they’d taken more care when delivering it for streaming as there were scenes that were far too dark and this even ruined a few of the scares. The score was good, it just faded into the background like a good score often does, and added that extra bit of dimension to the scenes.
The palaeontology / micropalaeontology test went ok yesterday; I’m so glad I made the decision to study over the weekend even if that meant consequences for chemistry, since the larger part of the test was made up from just these topics and I wouldn’t have passed without revising. The pressing question, however, is how good I am relative to my peers: 120 people can take the zoology class, 157 put their names on the list – so I have to beat at least 37 of them.
Serves 1, but easily multiplied
Serena, Nate and Lola
4. I am thrilled that 24 is on tonight! Wait, it is Monday right? I’m GLAD the show got canceled. I believe in going out on top. The show lasted 2 seasons too long. Hopefully, they make a movie.
Chipmunks are very cute. They are cuter than rats. Nobody considers rats cute, so nobody minds if we put out rat traps. Some people consider squirrels cute, but quite a few people spot them as rats with furry tails, so they are at some risk of being shot. Also, squirrels have a lot of attitude, and scold a lot.
Under His wings, what a refuge in sorrow!
I have named the orafice in the pavement "Colemans Crack". I will keep you informed as to it's progress
HLF has developed All Our Stories in support of the BBC’s The Great British Story – A People’s History. Presented by Michael Wood, the new series will be broadcast on BBC Two. All Our Stories will also feature in five BBC Learning events at flagship heritage locations, which will be run in tandem with the TV series, to get people involved with their local heritage.
His writings explain the prayer journey, usually by way of analogy – after all, there are no human words to describe the divine. He wrote about the detachments and purifications needed to begin and continue the ascent up the mountain of prayer, the dark night of the soul, and the joy and fulfillment expressed in the spiritual canticle and the living flame of God’s love. In contemporary terms, these four works by St. John of the Cross talk about “letting go and letting God.” They describe the growing relationship between a human being and God, all occurring within the soul. “Know you not that you are God’s temple and that His Spirit dwells within you.”
The US Navy used that intelligence, along with intelligence gathered by agents on land, to take and hold critical Mexican ports. This enabled US Army troops to land at Veracruz, Mexico for an expedition against Mexico City. (See Two Lines in the Sand: The Mexican-American War Part III)
Some accounts have McClellan ardently opposed to this new medium on those grounds. I prefer a more rational theory: by 1908, McClellan had his eye on a new job -- president of Princeton University -- and in order to get that, he had to be seen as sticking up for higher morals. (Something Tammany candidates aren't exactly known for.)
For starters saying no is not easy. Running a business I hear the word no a lot, rejection is what you have to get use to in business. Picture that every day at least five people are going to tell you no and still continue to push through it. Because that yes makes everything worth wild. The point is, the word no is hard to deal with and you hear it so many times in a day, that it can be discouraging, I get that. Usually when someone tells you no, it’s not nice, anyway they put it, because you or your idea was rejected.
The retired officer said that he became wary of travelling to Dundalk Garda station. Like murdered Superintendent Bob Buchanan, Witness X said that it had been his practice to travel to Dundalk in his own car, mostly alone, but sometimes with a second RUC officer.
The other thing that could have been said, of course, is that Arianism is alive and well today – the so-called Jehovah’s Witnesses.
Made it – day two, no near misses, up to now, at least! So I had the same breakfast as yesterday, which I am still enjoying – not like my foray into gluten-free in 2009 – I’m unsure what has changed perhaps it’s my improved knowledge of the diet.
When I saw the score I was pretty emotional because this test was literally life changing for me and if I hadn't passed the other two attempts given, I would not have graduated.
I then labeled each box with a folded piece of paper cut to fit in the front of the box. I labeled it by year. You can label it however you like, but for me.....by year was the easiest.
After consulting the computer, I determine that this book is not in our store but is available for order. The man carefully studies the images of the three available versions. "That one looks like what I remember from when I was a kid", he says, pointing. "I'll order that one. My Mum used to read that book to me when I was a kid. It's the only book I can ever remember her reading to me." He clears his throat. "She passed away last year."
At Sport18, we believe in serving up sport with a dash of fun and lots of professionalism. But even though we have professionals backing up each and every organisational aspect of India Cyclothon, we feel that it is the commitment and enthusiasm of volunteers that gives the event just that additional joie de vivre that gives the event its flavour.
The hardest part about unschooling in my opinion is acting on the interests of your kids as they happen. So when Alexander and Sophia asked if we could visit the radio station of Q101.1 on their last day, we went for it.
I had a true day of relaxation for mother's day - took about four naps. I just didn't want to be in reality so I spent time sleeping instead. Got a call from both my boys and a gift from my sister.
This afternoon he was on his way through the city to the second hand bookshop which his daughter runs, but which he started himself in the 1980's after his retirement. A thoroughly charming man to meet.
The Two Jakes (Vilmos Zsigmond)
3- I was punished by the nuns in Sunday school for bringing a bible to class and asking, “how come Catholics don’t read the bible?”
Meantime...I'll leave you with Pete's close, because I loved it:
These people are lower than animals, yet the government and police will not hold a public inquiry into just how endemic and prevalent this crime is in our country.
b. External Communications
and games.
This wallpaper is a great mix of neutrals… some cool, some warm. It was perfect for pulling in all of the shades of gray and cream in the room. I also love that it has a little bit of metallic gold in the flower petals. Just enough to add some sparkle!
Blow me down if he isn't succeeding - and it's not every act that can make that boast when it comes to the infamously zombie-esque TOTP audience.
I am a huge fan of "Hell's Kitchen". I think I have seen all the seasons so far. And if they have one thing in common, that's the scallops recipe. I have never tasted scallops before, but I've seen them in the stores, so that is why I decided to buy and cook some!
I’d like to see a partnership with at least one community group. Lets say, hypothetically, it’s Assiniboine Community College (ACC). It could also be the business administration department at Brandon University. There is ample opportunity to apply for summer funding for student jobs, and university/community college students could devote a summer, or a given time period to designing a well thought out financial plan. This financial plan could include a low and a high budegt and a contingency plan in the even that some sponsors drop out.
That can’t be so difficult can it?
Are you subscribed to my YouTube channel?
A bunch of asparagus, chopped into 2cm lengths (approx)
Regarding global competition, you're only as good as your last product or design. But reaching BMW's level of expertise and quality takes many years. Heritage of quality is a key ingredient.
This summer I want to have a fun full summer but also slow down and get in the woods and relax, enjoy the sounds, smells and feel of trees and the environment of nature surrounding me. Slow down a little and enjoy the simple life.
2) Australians, like the Honey Badger, don’t care. They aren’t afraid of things. They said that, in Australia, everything is so highly regulated that there is an underlying cultural assumption that nothing will cause them harm because everything is so inherently safe. They’ve convinced themselves of this to the extent that, even intellectually knowing things in foreign countries may be different, they straight up don’t care.
A: Kind of! You can use a similar process for other types of beans (except for lentils), but they take different amounts of time and go better with other flavors. Red beans take about 1 and 1/2 hours, and go great with just garlic and onions and a tons of spices (served with coconut rice, yum!) Adzuki beans take less time, chickpeas take more. But once you've experimented with dried beans you will find that the process doesn't vary much and there is a big reward to cooking them this way- namely, the taste.
Discovery Channel- Iceman Hunt For A Killer (About Otzi the Iceman)
I'm still reading, though my reviews have been few and far between. To make up for it I offer you two:
Hubby discovered this little guy hopping around in the bathroom this morning. It is a 'Broad-Palmed Rocketfrog' .It is an Australian ground-dwelling tree frog and can be found from mid-Queensland to south of Sydney, NSW.
There are lots of classes and events coming up this year in Australia From Brisbane to Perth, so for more info on upcoming classes please visit the Australian Copic Events listings here. I know that you will have a great experience taking a class from any of these fabulous ladies. There is so much great information available, and you can be assured that they are teaching the same official certification program that we have here in North America.
So imagine my delight when traipsing through Tesco on a blustery and grim Monday evening, looking for ball point pens for a computer class I was running, I stumbled upon Orginal Source’s newest offering – strawberry shower gel.
He tried desperately hard to explain that though he was ‘mocking’ Mr Chen at that time, he was hoping Mr Chen would explain how the government can improve on the Budget.
I’m dying inside,with this want in mind, “build through my shaken faith,” he screams.
The foundation contributed $25,000 to the Mayor's Fund in 2004 (below).
Traveling, I could write a lot of words on how much I love-need-crave these adventures, but I will keep it simple. It is a huge part of my life and will always be an inspiration in my art (long after returning from the trip).
years prior).
I am working on setting up a way to record Family Feud episodes to dvd, the episodes he doesn't see either early a.m. or later in the evening. No, can't record off his dvd/vhs player as it's in his room & the rest of the archaic systems in the house don't have such players with them.
Actor, A Team
Specials for the Weekend of November 12th
He’d be waiting for her. Tonight would be her night to pay.
Schenker MB, Gold EB, Beaumont JJ, Eskenazi B, Hammond SK, Lasley BL, McCurdy SA, Samuels SJ, Saiki CL, Swan SH. Association of spontaneous abortion and other reproductive effects with work in the semiconductor industry. Am J Ind Med 1995; 28: 639-659.
First Prize winner of the 2008 Naumburg International Violoncello Competition, David Requiro (pronounced Re-keer-oh) has emerged as one of today’s most promising young cellists. After winning first prize in both the Washington International and the Irving M. Klein String Competitions, he also captured a top prize at the Gaspar Cassadó International Violoncello Competition in Hachioji, Japan, coupled with the prize for the best performances of works by Cassadó.
Wrong. Back to the report:
What's up for next week:
- Classroom management and appealing to different learning styles
I’d like to preface this post by saying that I am not a complete idiot. I am also not going on a raw food detox anytime soon. That said, I’d like to tell you about a new book called The Complete Idiot’s Guide to Raw Food Detox by Adam Graham.
Breckenridge BBQ & Brew Pub Regal Pilsner
Elvis achieved what he thought he wanted – the acceptance and approval – but, as most movies show, getting what you want is often exactly what we do not need.
Released in the early morning of the Thatcher era, Gypsy Blood is a towering monument to the failure of Punk. Working loosely within the Classic Rock idiom, on this recording (their second LP, following the speed-fuelled sonic claustrophobia of Remember- a relentless, dualistic masterpiece of horror and beauty) Doll By Doll blended elements of pub-rock, doo-wop, folk, country, psychedelia, gospel, early-60s pop melodrama, and the Velvet Underground, added their own unique guitar ferocity (albeit tempered here) and a late-70s dynamic production sheen (think Born To Run or Bat Out Of Hell). The result is a singular work of breathtaking magnificence, capped by the sweeping power of Jackie Leven's vocals.
SUPER QUICK ASIAN CORN SOUP
I looked at his hands and turned beet red, I'm sure, because he was holding the book I was reading, a trashy bodice-ripping romance novel. Why couldn't I have grabbed Hemingway, Joyce, something that made me look smarter?
I was standing under a Hawthorn near a little pond a short distance from the tree line, I knew adult ceremonies took place here but at that age I didn’t understand them.
Anyway, on to the pictures.
Cy Vance Jr., the Manhattan district attorney, whose office would prosecute students under such a law, said: “We don’t think legislation is the best way to deal with cyber-bullying. When we take the opportunity to have kids talk to us and listen to us, we make more progress than the police.”
John Smith’s Grand National Record: 2001 Northern Starlight (UR 6th); 2002 Smarty (PU 9th); 2003 Blowing Wind (8th); 2004 Shardam (UR 3rd);
On the Kis-My-Ft2 website today they listed information on the DVD’s for the Kis-My-Mint concert at Tokyo Dome. According to YesAsia they will have it available for the 20th of June! YAY! Two months away!
I have, for reasons still unknown, over extended myself with outside activites. Not only have I just moved, lost my grandmother and started training at a new job, but I have also started my theater classes on Saturday mornings and rehearsals for a musical on weekend afternoons. Not to mention Praise Team on Thursdays and whatever other random thing I can volunteer for. Normally doing things all the time wouldn’t effect me and to be honest I am finally getting a grip and managing my workload. But a few weeks ago when I was sick and lost my voice, I was going off the rails on a crazy train to quote Sabbath. On top of everything else, I was so sick I couldn’t speak or teach or go to rehearsal.
Wilderness Brewing
A quick tip... paint the undersides of the candles first. I painted them right sides up first, then turned them over to make sure I got all the nooks and crannies that would show from various angles. When I turned them back over, the tops of the sticks stuck to the drop cloth a bit, marring the finish. In my case, it didn't really matter as they weren't going to be seen close up, so they didn't need to be perfect. But, if you're doing this for your house, trust me and do the undersides first. :)
on your website FREE!
So what evidence do the Warmists put forward for their unlikely view that clouds do not shelter the earth from warming? All they offer -- wait for it -- is "models" again. They have no facts, just an unlikely opinion. How well justified are their other niggles at Lindzen just does not matter in the light of that central failure.
P.S A "Bokkie" is a slang word in Afrikaans for a sweetheart. And God only knows what a Loslappie is, directly translated it's a wet cloth.. So hey :) I just love Afrikaans.
“It is I,” said a meek sounding voice from outside the cave.
More and more, she is kicking any area of my belly that has any pressure on it. At work last Wednesday I was reading something and resting my arm across my belly. She had been quiet for a little while and suddenly started kicking the exact spot where my arm was. I moved my arm to the other side and she started kicking there.
Secretly I always wish for a prince or hot piece of ass to sit next to me on flights. Mostly I just get overweight old ladies or people who don’t speak English and smell funny. So when you plopped your hot ass on the treadmill next to me you can imagine what went through my mind. No, you have no clue what went through the pea-sized brain of mine do you? B-I-N-G-O, read my internal banter between me and secretly, you.
Proud ’neath heated brow
Grapes or not, Stewart’s disses have seemingly left a sour taste in Megyn’s mouth.
A spa retreat "My three sisters and I leave the children and husbands at home and head to a spa. We get an affordable package that includes a sauna, a mineral bath, and a massage. Then we head to our favorite diner for brunch. We have one rule, too: No complaining about work, husbands, or kids."— Karin Plumadore, mother of Mark, 6 months, Troy, N.Y.
All of the above is really a prelude to what we actually did in the city! We went to New York to see and do stuff, after all!
Min 13: It’s fine if you unfollow me, I don’t take it personally. I know it only means that we are not the right fit.
Shaking her round bottom inside a faded house dress
Coat crock pot with butter or pam and place above ingredients in pot on High for 1.5 hours. If it is dry, add a little water. If it is too wet (mine was full of liquid) mix a 1 1/2 tbsp cornstarch with a little cold water then add to pot and stir to thicken. Cook additional 15 minutes.
Him: I think it will run it’s course.
Pat: Yes. Any of the sites will allow you to pull the book, or to update it. It’s a remarkably flexible system for authors. I can also experiment with price, but I haven’t tried going the $0.99 route yet.
27And he shall confirm the covenant with many for one week: and in the midst of the week he shall cause the sacrifice and the oblation to cease, and for the overspreading of abominations he shall make it desolate, even until the consummation, and that determined shall be poured upon the desolate.”
Here happen to be a few of my favorite stouts. Some good beers to have one of or more than a few. (I am trying to stay away from one-offs and special releases, and focus on beers that many can actually obtain.)
Join Laura Huckabee-Jennings of Transcend Leadership Coaching as she guides us through a series of amazing marketing workshops that will hone your marketing skills, clarify your outreach goals, and target next-step actions to propel your business forward. Co-hosts Alejandra Ramos & I will provide supplemental support in the mind/body approach to good business!!
So now, with Episode Thirteen of my favorite handmade web comic, we will see what happens when we add in a little bit of a threat to our square hero and his world where everything is too small and fragile for him to even look at the wrong way.
Howdy!....hope all of you are doing well! Just dropping in to say Hello. Over to the right I have the link for Snickerdoodle dreams. I have joined a "paper bag swap". We have to send 2 fat quarters, a skein of DMC floss and what ever other kind of things we want. It can be buttons, ribbon, rick rack, scrapbook supplies. My swap partner will then make what ever she wants with the things I send to her and visa versa....we then send back and get a great surprise. Can't wait to see the outcome. I haven't sent my stuff yet, I don't have mine all put together yet.
Anyway .. Happy Easter everyone x
Perhaps I’ve been away from raiding too long to understand the meta-aspects of the balance the lockouts introduce. Hmm.
:: I repurposed a light blue bridesmaid dress (from my May 96 wedding), Jessica McClintock Bridal, size 6
AS IF
As a result of the FOI Act (and MP Tom Watson’s shrewd request for further information) we know a lot more about the activities of one bent private detective during that same period. His name is Stephen Whittamore, and in 2005 he went to jail for umpteen misuses of other people’s computers – a practice known in Fleet Street (but rarely written about) as ‘blagging’.
Ignorance masquerading as the intelligentsia is never impressive. Promoting hate for the sake of visitor hits is pathetic.
* schreiben - to write. ich schreibe, du schreibst, er schreibt. ich schrieb. ich habe geschrieben.
The Winner will have until Midnight EST on Wed, November 18, 2009
The BSOD (Blue Screen of Death) refers an error message that appears on Windows computers. When this happens, the screen turns blue and an error message informing the user of the problem appears. The error message causes fear in Windows users because its appearance means that their computer has suffered a fatal crash. It is often mocked and used to chastise how many bugs and glitches Windows computers have.
A career change caused me to move to another city; another time of adversity in our relationship. But we agreed it’d be in our best interest to relocate together, despite the distance it would create between him and his son, he assured me that he would adjust. After one month in our new-found town, the phone calls began again; this time to his phones as well as mine. She began to speak when she called, rather than hang up. This woman knew my name, where I worked and where I lived. She knew how many children that I had as well as the loss I’d experienced. She knew everything about me, and was determined to inform me of the stranger I was sleeping with.
God Bless Us, Every One.. source- Tiny Tim
- fired at the Ellwood oil fields off the coast of Goleta, California
When cloudy was the weather,
PS. I just want to take a moment to publicly thank all of the contractors, as well as the military, intelligence, and private military personnel who have graciously shared their knowledge and experience with me over the years. Their information has helped me to better understand the incredibly complex world that men (and women) like Kirk von Ackermann work in.
You can get additional entries:
I think the opposite is true for me it helps me to look at the collage to remind myself of the things I’m hoping to attract and it helps me stay more focused.
Is there a reason the seat numbers on the plane go 17, 19, 23, 15, 21, 18, 23?
It seems like she has a good group of guys, some very handsome fellas. They already want us to really like Doug, so of course I picked Doug for her as of now. He has that Brad look to him and we know she dug him for a minute.
Black Radishes by Susan Lynn Meyer
‘I don’t know whether the exercises helped or if the baby would have turned anyway. (She was very active all along.) But it certainly made me feel less anxious and less helpless to have something positive to do.’
Retorts that only end up insulting the intelligence of the EC will no longer work. With the evidence produced by Merap, there is no denying the fact that the EC has a lot to answer for.
Then I went up to talk to "Robin".
Me: And he LOST the KEY?!
Wow – I have not posted in over a year, but there is truly something on my heart. Forgive me if this goes long. I am reading from a book, “King’s Cross” by Timothy Keller that Johnnie Moore, our Campus Pastor recommended to me and am going to share an excerpt from the chapter called “The Healing”
We each stood our ground
4) There can never be national unity if a single ethnic group can own the biggest share of the nation’s wealth . . .
Call it a character defect. I can’t stand having someone tell me what’s what. I have to conduct my own experiments. Reported results must be duplicated in real life. My life. Or it doesn’t apply.
a few responses…
After F.W. de Klerk opened the floodgates and these criminals were allowed back in SA, along with Nigerian drug lords, we saw gang wars in 1996 with hand grenades chucked over garden walls, etc.
Give this a try and please let me know what you think! I loved it and can see myself making many more as the season progresses.
In short, then, the problem was not Hitler’s deceit of the communists, or the fake socialism of the Nazi Party, but that the communists and the socialist nationalists were fighting to control the same people and the same political territories; just like, say, the fights between the SWP and Workers Liberty or the SWP and the Communist Party (i.e., Searchlight and Hope Not Hate).
I hope each of you had a day filled with love and joy. Merry Christmas y'alls.
Even with its flaws, California is probably the greatest state in the union, at least in terms of beauty. However, every state has its asshole, and California's is the biggest: L.A. How and why people continue to move and exist there is beyond me. The metro area is huge, overcrowded, and ugly. The people are pretentious to an absurd point. The traffic is probably the worst in the world. The real estate is so out-of-bounds that it makes the Bay Area and NYC look like bargains. Even the "beautiful people" have the help of silicone and surgeons.
After a lot of anticipation and fun, and plenty of hard work from a couple of lovely Aussie ladies, the day is finally here. The launch of a new blog challenge which I am thrilled to be apart of the amazing Design Team.
Increase NGDP and employment, incomes and taxes would increase, many intractable problems would vanish (though many would not). There are risks and there are methodological problems, but there huge gains for everyone if they right policy is adopted and I want to do my part to try and make sure the right policy is adopted.
He was also honored in 2008 with the Federico Garcia Lorca International Poetry Prize.
Since the end of World War Two, Britain’s towns and cities have been transformed for the benefit of local councils and commerce. Grievous damage was done by Luftwaffe bombs, but the Nazis were outdone in gratuitous destruction by postwar urban planners.
Friendly Lunchbox love is a weekly link party that is held every Friday. Readers are invited to link up recipes that travel well in lunch boxes, and are free of some (or all) of the top 8 food allergens.
“We’ve never been in the Drayton Hall archives,” McCall said.
Happy crafting!!
I just wanted to share a couple of pointers I discovered:
Boats drifting by on the river. I don't need to know where they're going.
As previously mentioned, a number of different proceedings may be covered by the licensure defense coverage provided in professional liability insurance. These proceedings may include an investigation by the Department of Health based on a patient complaint or Code 15 report; an abuse investigation (abuse of a child, abuse of a developmentally disabled or vulnerable person, or abuse of an elderly person) by the Department of Children and Families (DCF); allegations of nursing negligence or abuse being investigated by a state “surveyor” by the Agency for Health Care Administration (AHCA); an investigation into allegations of Medicaid over-billing or fraud; an investigation by the Agency for Health Care Administration or on the Attorney General’s State-wide Medicaid Task Force; and allegations of improper Medicare billing or fraud.
Some even in the sky.
In about 1971, BHO returned to Hawaii to live with SAD and MD. At ten years old, SAD turned BHO over to CIA pedophile, rapist, and exhibitionist, bisexual sadomasochist Frank Marshall Davis (FMD)[89] for satanic ritualized sexual abuse and dissociated conditioning and programming (MPD). MPD conditioning is a regimen of physical and psychological beatings, rapes and sexual molestations that give birth to a cluster of alter personalities.[90]
Coren writes:
“Oh never mind, you stupid old bitch,” I huffed as I raced down the stairs.
According to the views of most criminologists and crime-researchers, the primary motive for these attacks is robbery, even in cases were nothing is stolen, which can happen of course when the attackers face resistance of some sort, or are scared off by armed back-up support arriving on the scene. Money, firearms, and vehicles, followed by popular items such as cellular telephones and other valuables (in that specific order), are what these black savages are normally after, or so it seems… But is robbery really the prime motive? Read on, and decide for yourselves!
In his harshest remarks against Anwar and Pakatan Rakyat yet, Raja Petra said the opposition pact needed to cut down on its campaign for Anwar, and that the fight for reform was beyond the political future of one man.
A few weeks ago, I sat down to pray for your mom, your dad and your brother and sister. In the midst of prayer, I suddenly had to ask God “Why? I don’t understand why you create children that have such disorders.” Almost as soon as my mind asked the question, the answer swept over me like a huge wave. Nora, I KNOW why God created you. Without a doubt, I know.
1. Who is your favorite character so far?
8.) The party mage begins making crank crystal ballings to random evil warlords.
Note the last paragraph in this story:
I’m famous!! Well, not really. Last week my blog was featured on Freshly Pressed and since then I’ve had many thousand views, hundreds of comments and some lovely new followers. thank you all for your kind comments, and a big hello to any new readers. I was particularly pleased with the busy week on my blog as it’s been a horrible week here in Dublin and I’ve been mostly unable to get out to the plot. The weather has been horrendous, stormy, cold and depressing, more like winter than late spring.
On the other side of the bench trellis, are the senna I got from Ben, who blogs at The Deep Middle, a switchgrass, yarrow, 'Paprika', and on the right, helenium autumnale. The lamb's ears and coreopsis were already planted before the tree came down.
The papers are Heidi Grace, doily from Poppy's Cabin, lush white satin ribbon is from a little craft shop in Stonehaven, buttons from my stash and the pretty crotchet flowers and embroidered butterfly are from Little Snippets.
Later, a man who was known about town as a drunk and who had sunken into an errant life came to my mother's family with his story of change. After the house fire, he had looked among the ruins and found on the fireplace mantle a small Bible, lightly singed but otherwise intact. This discovery caused him to evaluate his life and decide to change. He had given up alcohol, and now reconciled with his family was intent on living a useful life. He thanked my mother's father and returned the Bible which eventually ended up in my mother's possession.
Thus, in New York, there is a man, a superhero if you will, wandering the streets in a blue windbreaker, snipping and snapping people leaping over puddles and snuck in snow drifts, documenting every inch of current fashion. An old man, who, if you didn’t know any better, you’d think was a misplaced trainspotter and/or peeping Tom, trolling for young flesh to add to his scrapbook of pre-faceless victims. But he’s not. The second you hear him talk, you realize this guy is the result of dipping Mr. Rogers in fairy-batter and baking in an oven set to ‘Adorable’ degrees. He’s probably the only person on planet earth, who could stand on a corner in Soho, taking photos of people’s butts and escape without a stiletto heel burying in his spleen.
and potential wolves/turncoats in the making :
Although it wasn’t on the list of goals for the last two weeks, I also reorganized the Blog Menu to reflect the changes in my blogging schedule. It’s really nice to cross something extra off the list.
As for what is commercial – all one needs to do is look at the big successes – think of The Da Vinci Code, Harry Potter, The Twilight series, The Hunger Games. Commercial, by any other name, is a best-seller, and if the supermarkets and big chain bookstores are driving what is to be published then there’s a pretty clear recipe.
oh, had my first sale for the red barn sale before the red barn sale
Highlights for me included:
The scout’s eyes lit up. Even though they were well supplied back at the FEMA camp, food had been in short supply during their foray into the swamp.
a few little opals are to be attached, there are now over 110.
In real life, tension can be stressful. Whether it's tension between you and a friend, between two countries, or between you and a Sith Lord trying to destroy the galaxy (that last one only applies to a few of us...), our lives are full of tension.
He came to our house within the first week or so we had arrived asking for money for one of the festivities. It was him doing the talk and explaining, with 4 or 5 more of his friends. I gave him some money and he made some comment about not being as much as our friend Mac down a couple of houses. But he was OK with it. The next day he shows up again asking for more money. By the third visit I said he’d have to wait a little longer before coming back. Our conversations were getting a little expensive.
And it was in deliberate tribute to the parliamentarians of Cromwell's day and their immediate successors that two of the most influential conservative theorists prior to Reagan and Thatcher both described themselves as "Old Whigs" -- Burke (1790) and Hayek (1944). Hayek described Whig ideals as "the only set of ideals that has consistently opposed all arbitrary power" (Hayek, 1960).
The senator goes on to imply that HIV infection is low in the Apostolic Faith because the women are bald and do not dress up. This religion doesn’t believe in Western medicine and therefore they do not go to hospitals or clinics so how does the Senator make this assertion, what is he basing this information on?
For best results, the recommendation I read was to take a break every hour and a half and breathe. I have decided to start this break system next week at work. Perhaps this new breathing strategy will reserve more energy for my blogging which is something I have missed greatly these last few weeks. My apologies to those who follow me, I know my posts have been few these last two months. :(
Time will tell, if time you take
Good beer is something that needs to be savoured. There is something about the pace of modern life generally (or maybe it's my life in particular) that is somehow not conducive to really stopping and enjoying a beer. Either there are pressures of life intruding into a special beer moment, or, and perhaps this is a crueller irony, there is so much great beer available that you feel hurried to drink what you have in front of you so you can move on to the next rarity.
Oooh, pretty!
"I want to watch Dora!" Mercy exclaimed.
Over the past year, Rigby has gotten so much better about trying different foods. And one thing that she's started doing is going through cook book and cooking magazines marking recipes she would try. Her system is pretty simple, if it looks good in a picture, she'll read the ingredients and then decide if it's something she would try. She saw this recipe in Cuisine at Home, and thought it was something she might like. So I made it. She wasn't a fan of the cauliflower, mainly because of the leeks. She also has a firm belief fruit should not be cooked, ever. I personally loved the combination of cauliflower, apple, and leek. I also liked the fact the entire combination was roasted in the oven. Overall, not a bad dish. As I sit here typing this, I'm not certain of hubby's take on the dish as his portion is in the fridge covered in foil, waiting for him...
“Hi,” he said softly, almost nervous, as she came outside and shut the door behind her.
i just realised, i need to either make dinner reservations...or see what's in the fridge!!!
Though much post-disaster aid was used unproductively, some of it effectively built up Haitian institutions that predated the earthquake. One of the most exciting of these local organizations is the country’s leading microfinance institution, Fonkoze (Creole for “shoulder-to-shoulder foundation”).
7. What about the ACT and SAT? Can unschoolers get into college?
Yeah I thought your feelings were as deep and real and true as mine--
Or listened to the rain
Mix this masala to the rice with hot ghee.
Columbia University researchers found asthma rates among children aged four and five was significantly lower in areas with more street trees. The UK has one of the world’s highest rates of childhood asthma, with about 15 per cent of children affected.
Step 1... Create your frame. Instead of doing a traditional circle hoop for the mobile, I wanted it to be the shape of a playing card. We used the dimensions from a real card and multiplied it until we had the size we wanted. My darling husband put the frame together for me (thank you, Sweetheart!)
this is how things get started;
I understand that only too well.
However, my inner beige to-the-right-of-Ghengis-Khan upbringing was the persona that actually got a run when I heard WHY they were on strike. In a country where the average wage is US$1.19 per hour, and most people still live at subsistence level, these people were on strike because:
No. I’m not going to tell. Not yet anyway. My writerly paranoia is rampant at the moment and I’m not willing to share this brilliance until closer to publication day.
Week 3 – Wagner unleashes his Latino love machine in a Spice Girls / Ricky Martin mash-up rescinding the ‘no white after Labour Day’ rule and looking hot in dream catchers and a mesh wife beater. Phwoar!
Perhaps, also, we talk of the “inner child” because we fear it, and want to disrespect it, and call it less than the mature intellectual adult.
Oh – did I say it looks like a bear? No – I should have said it looks like a bear no one has seen except in the sky – a bear with a long tail! I don’t know why that is. I assume it is because of the second depiction, which is how Johann Bayer pictured the Great Bear in his “Uranometria,” a breakthrough star atlas published in 1603. Bayer was a lawyer, not a hunter. Maybe he had never seen a bear?
He gave us all the benefit of his opinions in a little speech, with the cute-but-catchy soundbite "the Jilted Generation". Oh dear God. Spare us the spin..
Gently you built the frame -
Leek:
If you turn on SportsCenter you might hear about Tom Brady, Kevin Durant, or Kobe Bryant’s leadership.
Today is a month away from my 30th birthday!!!
my wardrobe right now is too coherent
When I say I am a food writer the conversation usually turns to “Have you tried this? What would you recommend for this? You have to go here!”
And the next question is how do we get people to read beyond the headline or the social media post? Tell me your thoughts on that too.
In his book, Earth in the Balance, Gore suggests that we return to the worship of nature and upholds various nature worshipping sects and Native American religions as a model:
2nd place author will receive an interview on the site to brag about ANYTHING they want!
The conservative backlash against the Obama administration’s decision to invite Lonnie Rashid Lynn Jr., the rapper known as Common, to the White House on Wednesday night for a poetry slam is both overblown and off the mark.
Kay, despite the stripey tights, undyed cheesecloth drapes and general air of umbrage of her calling, liked having me around as I represented the native Welsh in her selection box of oppression. I was just happy for her braided hair to hover over my coal-streaked shoulder as she head-tilted to me about our Great Vowel Famine.
Additionally, much of Jude/2Peter 2 is an allusion to Jewish writings just before the first century known as the “Pseudepigrapha.” These are Jewish writings (in Greek) that give a lot of “back-story” to many of the OT writings and give a window into Jewish belief and mysticism for some sects of the Jewish faith around the time of Christ.
The idea is to create a community event, especially one for fellow chefs who often have Monday nights off. "There's never anything happening on Monday night."
If what a large number of chiefs are alleging is true, then Atleo has exceeded his political authority and it's time for him to be removed as NC. Even if what they are alleging is not true, the future of First Nations in Canada depends on removing Atleo from office and re-focusing our political strategies and priorities away from one based on federal control and our ultimate assimilation.
And not a day later, here I am. Posting this entry. Making a public declaration that I’m going to fight the Resistance that Pressfield talked so much about. I still may not have gotten everything out of his book that he intended to give, but I did get something; a realization that great things may not always comes to those that work for them, but it sure as hell increases their chances.
3. Nature - Seasons
"Worms"
Larry Cragg - drums, banjo, pedal steel guitar
This time ,I’m not sure what my cousin was thinking when he didn’t even deem it worth a second thought before he agreed to me driving him to the airport at 5 am on Indian roads ( probably the deadliest place in the country after public toilets and shops selling gold ) .
Was that not a tad "aggressive" and "jobsworthy" of them to use the fly tipping law against him? The council claim that the hard-core is not the correct substance to use, then why not give him the correct substance?
The photograph had "Story". It certainly seemed to speak to me.
Failing that, he and his delegation would return after Zuma's reply to the debate on his State of the Nation address on Tuesday afternoon to collect the letters.
The birthday girl and flapper instigator is American and a good while back the two of us were in a specialist sweet shop in town, which was stacked to the rafters with American goodies. At the time I remarked at how in films or sitcoms people always seem to eat pop-tarts for breakfast and that I had no idea what they were and that I was curious what the whole hype was about. Sadly the shop only sold ones that my friend didn’t approve of declaring that if I was going to try them they had to be the right kind: frosted strawberry.
Backstage to JL and Eve who promises a surprise for JL, she calls in Teddy Long and mocks him. The RAW roulette wheel is set up behind them, as Long pours champagne for JL and Eve, JL’s phone rings and it’s HHH. Hey look it’s the fountain from the opening of Married with Children, just saying. Well, the PPV is taking a dive in quality now, unless Hornswoggle isn’t with him.
Shuffled in to see Doctor who asks a barrage of medical questions including..
But you already know that.
I do know this: that I continue to be concerned with the way that increasing admission fees at our public museums and art galleries, paired with disappearing free hours for permanent-collection access or weekly evening access, is contributing to a situation where a whole new generation of Canadians likely has little option but to devalue art, just as art institutions devalue them.
WHY IT MATTERS: As a man, you have certain needs – the biggest need is for respect. If you are thinking of marrying a woman who cannot define respect, and doesn’t know how to give you respect, then you are going to be in for a world of hurt. The more she views marriage as a joint project with specific goals and external challenges, the more understanding and support you will get. No one wants to fly a plane with someone who doesn’t know how to fly a plane, fix a plane or navigate a plane. The more she knows about men and marriage, the better it will go for you – and the children.
I started by cutting my base card 4 1/4" x 8 1/2" and with my Score Pal made 2 score lines, the first one at 4 1/4" mark and than again at the 6 3/8", you'll crease those folds back and forth in accordian style(this is what forms the easel). I than cut another pc of card stock that is 4 1/4" square, which is adhered to the small 2 1/8" portion left. Are you lost yet??
unlike in our house
One year Santa Clause brought me a Barbie Dream House for Christmas. It was just my height, decked out in every shade of pink imaginable and fabulous. Coupling my brothers Transformer action figures with Barbies was also one of my favorite games. I would transition the Transformers into their animal version (my favorite was a bright yellow sabre tooth tiger) and offer them up as some bizarre pet for my Barbie to walk on a leash. Whenever I would take trips to Michigan to visit family my cousin and I could spend hours in the back of a car on long trips to the family cabin playing Barbie or up in her room we would line our Barbies up on the bed making decisions on fashion choices and love affairs.
I've been on medication for anxiety and depression since before I got pregnant. I stayed on it throughout my pregnancy and 4 months after Pierce was born I expressed to my doctor that I didn't feel normal. She asked me what, specifically, I was feeling and I told her. She tripled my medication and lately I've actually started to feel a lot better. Just last night I was thinking to myself that I haven't had a bad day in a long time and maybe I'm ready to start weaning myself down to a more regular dose of my meds.
From that moment on, I was hooked, or more correctly, obsessed with this hobby, which has blossomed into a true love for craft beer and all things home brew. Now one year and twenty-odd brews later, Muckney Brewing is still going strong.
that I wasn't suffering from any sort of seizure or anything.
Tragedy dogged the group throughout its brief career. During the sessions, Clapton was devastated by news of the death of Jimi Hendrix; eight days previously the band had cut a cover of “Little Wing” as a tribute to Hendrix. On 17 September 1970, one day before Hendrix’s death, Clapton had purchased a left-handed Fender Stratocaster that he had planned to give to Hendrix as a birthday gift. Adding to Clapton’s woes, the Layla album received only lukewarm reviews upon release. The shaken group undertook a U.S. tour without Allman, who had returned to the Allman Brothers Band. Despite Clapton’s later admission that the tour took place amidst a veritable blizzard of drugs and alcohol, it resulted in the live double album In Concert.[34] The band had recorded several tracks for a second album in London during the spring of 1971 (five of which were released on the Eric Clapton box-set Crossroads), but the results were mediocre.
Some busy days have just passed, finally today I'm on Heaster holidays but I caught a flu T_T" I'm so unlucky
Needless to say, there is much more to RAND’s work than the strategic thought of Albert Wohlstetter, and Abella’s book is an introduction to the broad range of ideas RAND has espoused — from “rational choice theory” (explaining all human behavior in terms of self-interest) to the systematic execution of Vietnamese in the CIA’s Phoenix Program during the Vietnam War. As an institution, the RAND Corporation remains one of the most potent and complex purveyors of American imperialism. A full assessment of its influence, both positive and sinister, must await the elimination of the secrecy surrounding its activities and further historical and biographical analysis of the many people who worked there.
because you aren't going to get both.
Wow, y’all are really putting me to work with these questions! I’m actually in the process of creating my own unique HNG superhero costume for Comic Con so it’s funny that you asked this. Princess Trek has been a nickname of mine for about, ohh…15 years….so I’ll go with that as my name in lieu of HNG. I’d LOVE to be able to fly. I dream a lot and at least half the time I have the ability to fly. Super healing would be great too. I’m thinking I’d like a couple of badass Katanas as well. My weakness would be the sun. I have sensitive eyes and the sun gives me headaches so I’d need to have an awesome VISOR as part of my outfit. It’d be cool to work for the government, like GI Joe or SHIELD and defend the US (and World) against supervillians and terrorists.
If you've got a Kindle, it's available as an ebook too (and cheaper that way). Also check out Linda's How to books for Kindle:
BLACK SAND
His faith was like a brilliant light shining in a very dark place. We were at Camp Mabry in Austin, Texas. Soldiers, loved ones, human beings had gathered there on the National Day of Prayer.
Accessories: Martha Stewart floral border punch, Marvy notched corner punch, Stampin' Up! corner rounder punch, Stampin' Up! Grosgrain ribbon, flowers from prima flowers, Stickles glitter glue in Waterfall and Clear Effects embossing glaze, white liquid pearls, lace from the sewing basket.
Alcohol is the single best innovation to get past rejection. Going up to a girl dead sober without an established skill set or boy band looks is almost always met with hostile eyebrows and a cold shoulder. Its like tightroping with a safety net. You know the net is there in case you trip and fall. The same can be said about alcohol. You can blame the unsuccessful proposition on your lack of sobriety, slurred speech and vomit-stained cardigan. Also, memory loss is a side effect of alcohol, so you might not even remember it the next day. Win! Girls are much more approachable in social situations and sparking a conversation can be quite easy. If your cards are played right, you could be using the guest closet as a romping room in mere minutes, depending on her social graces.
I’ve heard ‘em play down in the garage. Make me feel good, their songs. Like they wanna be somewhere else or somebody else or something. I think I understand.
For those of you in the Toronto, Ontario, Canada area, I’ll be teaching a Crafting the Short Story Workshop at the Runnymede Branch of the Toronto Public Library, Tuesday, March 6, 6.30 p.m. It’s free. You just need to sign up at the library. Check this one out at http://www.torontopubliclibrary.ca/programs-and-classes/categories/book-clubs-writers-groups.jsp and click on “Runnymede.”
This was a 70-kilo shipment of adulterated Thai marijuana that was brought in through Okinawa.
Firstly, when Doomsday first appears, Superman is fighting some monsters under Metropolis. Later, when Doomsday is besting the JLA, he’s giving an interview to school kids.
before you’d closed the door,
I have participated in my fair share of therapy. You might have guessed that if you have been reading my blog for very long. (I hope you have) And, as a result of all of that therapy I tend to over analyze my own thinking, feelings and have lengthy conversations with the third party voice in my head. I was once told that this is a symptom of co-dependence, and maybe it is. Either way, the voice, I am willing to concede, is my own voice doubting and judging myself. Because of this doubting judge I always second guess my feelings of being taken advantage of, or perhaps being used. Those are kind of harsh words for what I mean, but you get the gist. I tend to be over generous, something I have also been told is a symptom of co-dependence, always trying to be nice, please and gain favor by others and to keep the peace, etc. Maybe all true, either way, again, it is who I am and while I am aware of the therapeutic analogies that go along with the behaviors, I cannot for the life of me stop myself from getting into situations where I have been kind and generous to a person.Then feeling after a period of time that I have fallen prey to someone who is wholly capable to taking advantage of the situation and thereby rendering me PISSED....at them and myself.
I tasted it and made a noise that made my son go, "Mommy! Are you okay????"
The people who oppose the Marriage Amendment have tried to claim this proposed amendment to the North Carolina Constitution is a violation of their rights or some even claim that they were born homosexual. However, the Book of Romans, chapter 1 makes it very clear that whenever any person lives in a homosexual or lesbian lifestyle, it is a choice they made, not a genetic predisposition that cause them to be that way:
This stunning piano scarf from Knitstant Gratification is knitted double, giving the appearance of stocking stitch on both sides. I’d love to master this technique by the winter so i can make eye catching, snuggly scarves in amazing colour ways. I’ve done some reading round it as I want to make “non-curly” stocking stitch scarves and this very much seems the way to go!
I have always scribbled on stuff, after attempting a number of realistic career options, it became brutally obvious that I was better suited as an artist.
She had never driven a car before she married my dad. This is his 1950 or 1951 oldsmobile that was our family car until the late 60's when they bought a 1967 Chevelle.
Yeah yeah
For an extra entry:
All done except for one room.. The spare room...
Anyway, the fact that we got some "decent" pictures with our phones tells you how incredibly beautiful Yosemite was.
we caught the culprit and suffocated it.
Here are some of my favorite motivational quotes on change.
“Of course,” Creme snidly remarked.
4 teaspoons vegetable oil (I use Olive Oil)
My red peony bushes are now taking their turn to be in bloom. I have them planted in three different locations but one of them is being crowded out by an old fashion rose. It has only a couple of buds on it this year so I will move it after it blooms.
Today, the people in charge of generating demand for products and services have an interesting challenge on their plate. I’ll use the term “marketer” for them, but I admit you could make an argument that the term isn’t totally sufficient. Marketers of old had a much simpler world in which to operate. They had billboards. They had radio and television ads. They had pages in magazines. They had a portfolio of options for trying to generate demand for their products, yet they didn’t face the same challenge of the marketers of 2012.
The supporting characters being Amy Robsart Dudley (who died from a questionable fall down the stairs) and William Cecil make the story less bawdy. Portraying Elizabeth as acting a lovesick teenager is not exactly the image I wish to explore of the monarch, but I am glad to finally cross this one off of my tbr list. Of Gregory’s novels, I disliked The Other Queen which featured Elizabeth I as well, so perhaps I should stay away from those stories that embellish and try to tarnish the virginal image that I admire of Elizabeth. I did enjoy Gregory’s last two novels in The Cousins’ war series, and The Queen’s Fool was very well done as well, so I am not one of those readers who despises the author.
More jars of buttons. These are on top of the green Hoosier that used to live in the old kitchen. It's in the process of being repurposed to serve as a craft Hoosier now. The reason for the button pictures is because I'm getting ready to start the Great Crazy Quilt Tie Project... although the name may change several times over the course of the year.
Lord have mercy. When the body bag is delivered to my husband, have him cremate me and send my ashes to Austin to be spread on the warm Texas breezes, willya?
Q. We hear reports of gun shots, bomb blasts everyday that it seems like a normal thing now in Nigeria, what can be done to address this issue?
Everyone has been talking to me lately about using where I'm at and being thankful for it. I do take it to heart and I appreciate all the advice I get! When most people tell me to take advantage of being single what they mean is: go traveling, go out to a bar, meet lots of people, learn a new hobby, etc.
I have been good all day.
This will be my last blog post for a while. Life is getting busier on a personal level – I need to address my fitness issues too and I have spent far too long at my PC!!! I shall continue to create photo art and maintain my Flickr account, but the blogs are on the back burner for now.
thanks for reading, world.
I decided to colour a Bugaboo digi image for this one and use the "Dear Santa" stamp again. I had bought some Christmas stamps but didn't get around to using them (my 8yr old got lots of use out of them though ... you can check out her blog here). I like the idea of taking a general stamp and turning it into a Christmas card with the colouring, design of the card and the embellishments ...
As if these weren't cool enough, LarkenDesign over on Etsy scored some mug shot negatives that they are making into prints and posters! This one is my favorite:
I want to be the one to drive my daughter to Payless for new ballet flats. I want to sit by my son’s side as we visit the first potential college he may want to see. I do not want to be TOLD about these things later, I want to be there in the present.
–Playboy
Ok, doesn't the cord/belly button transition look weird? It's different than what I thought it would be. I don't know, I guess I expected the cord to be attached right to the belly. Or something.
I really, really miss my subscription to Entertainment Weekly.
For a century and more Wales has been 'developed' to provide English holidaymakers with cheap holidays. Providing few benefits for us Welsh. This - plus the small numbers of overseas visitors - explains why Wales sees such a small per capita tourist spend. (Compared to Scotland this figure is abysmal.) This trend is helped by caravan sites because these provide cheap holidays - they even encourage people to bring with them food and everything else they'll need!
would be
So I have my kiddos gift to their parents figured out, but now I need volunteer gift ideas AND a gift idea for my little girl's teacher. We still have this week and 2 days next week!! :( It just hit me that I needed volunteer gifts. I would LOVE your ideas. I'm sure many of you already have posted about this somewhere on your blog, so feel free to just leave the link. I would like to do something creative - I have 3 volunteers that come weekly.
IMHO – is my hospital open?
The basic principle with clothing is to wear one riding set during the day while the other is being cleaned/is drying. This works fine unless the weather is really bad and laundry facilities are needed (and usually available at campsites).
This last task is especially important to me, and thankfully it's the one I'm most able to act on. While I haven't been doing much photography, I have been doing a lot of sketching and painting-- and the island has been a great source of inspiration. What fascinates me most at the moment is not Taiwan's fascinating culture, but rather, its greener side. For while Taiwan may be known for its advanced technology and plastics manufacturing, it is also an unbelievably lush island-- my sketchbooks are filled with bats and toads, bamboo and banana trees.
The blog has been silent for a while.. but that wont be the case now on.
10. Give up labels. Stop labeling those things, people or events that you don’t understand as being weird or different and try opening your mind, little by little. Minds only work when open. “The highest form of ignorance is when you reject something you don’t know anything about.” Wayne Dyer
I can try to fix the “bad girl” in me, and I can try to free the “good girl” in me. But focusing on either misses the point. It is not about mustering up the strength to follow the rules. Neither is it about throwing the rules out the window to prove that Christians can be cool. It is about KNOWING JESUS. We get to know Him more, we fall more in love with Him, and we are transformed in the midst of it all.
Her site is just like it sounds- she's crazy about her baybah! And who wouldn't be, he's flipping adorable!
Meanwhile, Lambert is fighting an unruly assassin (the worst kind of assassins are the unruly variety) in his hotel room while wearing a pair of red jeans (I do love red jeans on European men). Luckily, Soledad's Jane comes along just in time to shoot the bald killer in the head. Now, if you're one of those people who thinks Soledad Miranda might lose some of her chic appeal while doing something a mundane as disposing of an unwanted corpse, think again. If anything, Soledad somehow manages to increase her jauntiness while moving a dead body. It doesn't hurt that she is wearing a short black sequined dress with black nylons, as even the blandest of individuals will notice a slight upswing in their chicness while wearing an outfit like that.
the weather predicted rain so i settled in for a sleep in. but, the weather was wrong and now i feel guilty that i didn't plan better for this gift of a day. all is green and vibrant. the kind of green that you think you should say verdant instead. you know, to show that you have an appreciation for the depth and lushness of the green.
#7 How long do you intend to wait for someone you really love?
The director of FAMU’s pharmacy school, Dr. Margareth Lacrose-Pierre, told members of the Crestview City Council last month that 30 students will comprise the first class, with 30 additional students added each year. The school is expected reach maximum capacity in four years, with 120 students enrolled.
I painted the letter with acrylic paint & spritzed it with some home made glimmer mist (pearlizing medium, warm water, & Mod Podge in a spray bottle).
Someone please tell me this isn't a phase or lord a mercy a start to the ending of naps altogether.
Gov. Jerry Brown has quietly ordered the State Department of Corrections on Thursday to begin considering new protocols, including a lethal injection with just one drug, which would allow the resumption of capital punishment.
Sometimes I wish somebody would take me by the hand…and honestly just hold it….
* my job- I get paid to ask questions, learn, and manifest solutions to problems. Nothing better than that.
at her home for about an hour. Oddly, the friend didn’t spend much time with us,
* University of Minnesota - Twin Cities (USA)
So much happens in the brain. I can see when Evie produces a cake or a dress, her other two loves. I can't directly see what she produces in her brain.
If you believe you can, you can! Simple as that. It might take some time to work up your stamina to where you want to be, but you’ll get there. I am proud to say that I have now completed Week 6 Day 2 of the couch to 5K program. At the end of week 5 I ran for a total of 20 minutes…..which ended up being 2.27 miles. I am feeling good. I try not to think about the workout to much, just do what the program says.
Old and new!
***THIS CONTEST IS CLOSED***
The use of balance can also be seen on each page of the website. The pages are set up in a way that the text is on the left and either a picture (s) or video (s) are on the right side. Although the side with the pictures and videos is the side that is visually heavy, the flow and layout of the page is functional.
ORGANIZING ‘EM
Ephesians 3:6 (NIV): “This mystery is that through the gospel the Gentiles are heirs together with Israel, members together of one body, and sharers together in the promise in Christ Jesus.”
For e-tutorials that you purchase you can either order an e-tutorial or e-pictorial that is sent to you as an email attachment or you can "instantly download" an e-tutorial or e-pictorial yourself.
There are blog posts floating around in my head waiting to be written and I have even started two which I hope to finish soon. Until then a quick snapshot of my favorite girls!
So when Paul met Onesimus, he knew his greatest need, a Saviour. So Paul led him to the Lord. I am going back to Philemon, verse 10. He called Onesimus his son and he could do so for he gave birth to him while a prisoner. That verse reads, “I beseech thee for my son, Onesimus, whom I have begotten in my bonds.” He became Paul’s spiritual son.
To celebrate its 40th anniversary, Pan Macmillan imprint Picador is re-issuing 12 of its ‘greatest novels’ in March. These collector's editions, which seem to be inspired by Penguin's success with its re-issed covers, includes such bestselling authors as Cormac McCarthy, Alice Sebold, Helen Fielding, Graham Swift, Alan Hollinghurst and Australia’s Tim Winton. I particularly love The Line of Beauty (top image, with a second version below), and All The Pretty Horses (below). These jackets would make me want to read these books, so if this is what publishers are aiming for, the design ruse is definitely working.
6:30 – 9 p.m. Shiner Beer Dinner, Beer Dinner in the Café
It’s been a while since I opened this blog, first I was really afraid of what people reaction would be… if they would like my work or if they would hate, or worst they simple ignore it, but now I’m happy that I oppened, I’m happy because I found amazing work on these blogs, people who, like me, love what they do and want to share it whith the world. Sometimes I think that this blog became a work, but a work that I love, the one that I anxious to come back to, and it’s really satisfying
Now that’s a set-up. The episode then happens (we’ll get to part of it in a minute) and when River reappears it’s when the Doctor is allegedly at his “lowest.” There’s a whole bit about how “the Doctor will climb higher than ever and then fall blah blah blah.” It’s silly and not needed and comes off like a musical act playing the same song twice. (Paul Simon apparently used to do that with “You Can Call Me Al.” It’s sad. Write some more upbeat songs and you won’t have to play that one twice.) The second time around with the song (or whole “here’s what that mysterious line means” bit), you’re like, “Yeah. Hooray? Anyone else want me to get them a Coke?”
10. Don’t be a weasel
13. Bruce Springsteen "Mary Queen of Arkansas" 5:22
The unsurprising announcement that the Board of the World Bank had voted in favor of the American candidate, Jim Yong Kim, presents an opportune moment to reflect upon the soft power structures that shape global public policy in the early 21st Century inside the UN system and beyond. It is necessary to draw a distinction between Mr. Kim’s substantive qualifications and the procedure by which he was selected. Substantively, although lacking in either financial or diplomatic experience, Dr. Kim is in certain respects an interesting choice because of his lifelong dedication to improving the health of the very poor in the global South, as well as his training in medicine and PhD in anthropology. He has had extensive relevant experience on the ground, and in working with NGOs (he co-founded the widely admired Partners in Health) and in institutional settings (for some years he directed the HIV/AIDs program for the World Health Organization) and has been president of Dartmouth University for the past three years, although stirring controversy during his brief period of administrative tenure. It may be still wondered whether Dr. Kim understands sufficiently the economic dimensions of World Bank policy to enjoy the respect of the professional staff, and might have been more appropriately chosen to head an enhanced program of the Bank devoted to health and poverty. Overall, still, the substantive case for the appointment is relatively strong, although the two opposing candidates, both former finance ministers of developing countries, certainly had equally impressive substantive résumés and ethical profiles, and were plausible choices for this position.
Deanna
Fates - Player may have the DM reroll one result and take the worst of the two results.
Nope. I’d love to try it but won’t get a chance to before The Man separates from the Navy.
Overalll of the best photogrophys of the world in the last 100 years.
It was really nice to meet face-to-face some of the people I follow on Twitter, and whose blogs I read. Here are just some of the things I learnt:
Sculpture seemed his calling from a young age. By five, he was prone to using chewing gum and dough from his mother’s pantry to sculpt George Washington or the animals he observed at the circus.
It’s in the click of my heels,
The page for 'mapreading' is missing, but 'shoes' is a fifty-page pull-out,
The built environment generally is changing to accommodate larger Americans. New York’s commuter trains are considering new cars with seats able to hold 400 pounds. Blue Bird is widening the front doors on its school buses so wider kids can fit. And at both the new Yankee Stadium and Citi Field, home of the New York Mets, seats are wider than their predecessors by 1 to 2 inches.
5. Stamps
07 Howie B.-Take Your Partner By The Hand (Red Snapper Remix)
-knox_Carter
I used a piece of speckled brown fabric from my stash...
This is a unique item in the queen’s collection for a few reasons. First, it dates from prior to Queen Victoria’s reign – and beyond the regalia of the Crown Jewels, there aren’t many things in use that have such a history. Second, and despite the fact that it is exclusively worn by queens now, it was actually made for a man: King George IV.
I think that I have learned from my first week’s trials, and I am proud of myself for taking the bus instead of driving. I will keep my fingers crossed that we get some actual summer weather and that it stays around!
Activity: go to the computer lab and give time for students to search through this decomposer website. Ask them to investigate, find characteristics, their job and role. There is also an interesting interview to a worm they could read. They should make a deep research because the following day they will be exploring a decomposer habitat. They should take down notes in their notebooks about new facts they learn. Some of the following questions can be used to guide this web investigation:
1 lungs
What Josh Barro is advising Rich Lowry to do is to fire the only writer he has who is honest about race, worth reading on issues besides terrorism, and a serious intellectual.
"From home to home, and heart to heart, from one place to another
Robert Pattinson is on a roll, Twilighters. It was just announced that the beloved actor has joined director David Michod’s “The Rover,” also starring Guy Pearce.
To get downtown, I have to walk over a bridge, adjacent to a lane of often busy traffic. As any woman who lives here will tell you, this bridge is an epicenter for cat calls, whistling, and shouted comments from male motorists. You get used to it. You start to expect it; you even develop an ability to predict which vehicles are most likely to contain men who will harass you.
I finally got so hungry that I had to eat, so I put her in the crib and microwaved the leftover potatoes. I put butter on them, burning my finger in the process. Then I ladelled some of the sour cream over the top. Finally, as her cries reached fever pitch, I opened the cheddar cheese. Gave it the sniff test. It passed. I glanced in, it looked fine. I dumped it over the potatoes and BAM a big nasty moldy wad of cheese poured out and went SMACK into the potatoes.
Q: What have you read since the last weekly wrap-up?
This next picture was a real cutie-pie stop for me. An unbelievably small breed of sheep, the smallest in the world I think, correct me if I am wrong, and I think originating in Brittany.
Footnote: A team have asked the FIA for clarification on the use of this splitter construction with a view to using it themselves. Charlie Whiting has made it clear it would not be and added that the deflection may now be altered to ensure the rules and test are not being exploited.
482110 Rail transportation
September 18 – Shrimp & Grits 5K, Jekyll Island, GA 32:35
Life, to me, is a continual unfoldment and years are simply human constructs meant to give us a sense of order and to delineate the human condition. Still, I will be quietly celebrating the turning of the page. I plan to pop the cork on a bottle of homemade wine made by my son, Coleman, from the grapes that we gathered from my vine, back on that sunny day in mid-September. No dirty dancing in a bar at midnight with someone I barely know, as I did way back when, when way too many Cosmopolitans and a sad heart made me think that was a good idea, or a reasonable facsimile of one.
So, before people start worrying about where my foie gras comes from, please spare a thought for your bacon, your Sunday roast and the milk you put on your breakfast cereal. Because I for one don't see much difference between force feeding a goose for a couple of weeks and keeping a chicken in a cage in which it can hardly turn around under artificial lights being fed crap for its whole sorry existence.
on what you like!
Before him he sees Life unroll,
Though it feels weird to be with my family in Colorado while my friends are starting classes at UW, I can’t wait to get to Paris! Acquiring a visa for my trip was quite a process (I had to fly to the French consulate for the West Coast in San Francisco during finals week!), but totally worth it. Next time you hear from me I’ll be moved in to my new home for the next few months!
Brave New World
There is a lesser known story regarding trapped miners that was also in the news recently. A group of 276 men were working in a mine in central China when the mine suffered a gas leak. 239 made it out safely. 26 were found dead. But 11 men were missing, and no one knew whether they were dead or alive. Then, after a couple of days, these 11 unfortunate men were found to be dead.
It created an even larger mass of swarming ‘bees’. A side note, even though there were more planes on Friday it took even longer for the swarm to really thin out.
49. ELVIS ROAD
Eggs 2 large
Beginning Lindy with Jasmine Cheung & Sam Chan 7:30 to 8:30
Time of Ja’s life: Grade three
Repeat the procedure with the remaining dishes and once the caramel has hardened, chill in the refrigerator for a further 20-30 minutes and then serve.
I really like J.P. Ryan's 18th century jacket pattern, I've used it before and the pattern goes together easily and looks good on almost anyone. I decided to make a version of view B, which is modeled on jackets of the 1760's. The only alterations I have made for this pattern is to make the sleeves slightly looser in the bicep area.
Follow Me (on Google Friend Connect) (2 Entries)
I hope my Gents will stir a little of your Steampunk Attitude.I would luuuurve to know what you think!!! Take a look at the wonderful ideas on the Design Team Blog for more inspiration and loveliness. I'm look forward to seeing your creations and thoughts.
Of course I will also need someone who will take on that father role for the kids I do have with me still. Who will take care of them and come to love them and all that obvious stuff. In line with that, someone that can accept how I got pregnant with G because I know that its not a typical situation and some people have been very quick to judge. These along with some other major things were things that I needed in a partner.
“There’s everything of interest here, and I want off.” I leaned forward. “You’ve said it before; I’m free to do whatever I want right? I want to get off right here.”
In Solidarity you start with a $75, three-month loan and go up from there. The loan officer records all the transactions by hand in a notebook. Every year all loan officer’s ledgers are audited by an outside auditor.
The other cracker which I mentioned yesterday was that comedian Richard Herring’s updated version of his 2002 show TALKING COCK (which was printed in the Fringe Programme under that title with no problem in 2002) had been changed by the Fringe Office – without his knowledge – from TALKING COCK: THE SECOND COMING to TALKING C*OCK: THE SECOND COMING.
I once toyed with the idea of making this a beer/skateboard blog. I decided against it. It is not often that the worlds of craft beer and skateboarding collide. The latest Skateboard Mag took up this idea and interviewed a Philadelphia am who spends his time off the board homebrewing. It was a pretty interesting little column. Check it out at your local bookstore. It is issue number 53.
Until the last few sips, I was ok. But as I tilted the glass to my lips, I spotted a thick chunk of yeast at the bottom of the glass. I got the sip down, but my mind decided that the beer had become nasty. A couple of dry heaves later, the last half glass of La Bestia went into the sink, and I went off in search of something filtered.
I missed but she did look at me again and consider not attacking. For about 10 seconds then she was back at it. I rattled a plastic bag at her. She looked at me again. I rattled it again and told her to move away from the kitty. No dice, she sped up her attack mode. So I threw the bag... it contained only a small soft item, so even if I had hit her with it, she would have been fine.
Don’t feel bad, it took me years to get this one, too…
and maybe you have found someone who is truly wonderful
This week I’m going to be doing a 5-part story on exiting the comedy portion of my life. Here is part three (sorry, it’s a long one).
YUWAW Blog (yuwawblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Testing
- Please link directly to your entry not just to your blog or gallery.
- a mouthwatering nose with a flavourless palate or vice versa.
I think our cookies turned out really cute and I know they were tasty because we had to sample one each too!
MOVIE/EPISODES: A-
You are whole
Love from
I am so loving the Gabrielle line and got the urge to make a canvas with it the other day as the Aquamarine colour is perfect for home decor and of course I am just a huge fan of butterflies! I just love the Gabrielle Elegance paper and right from the first time I saw it that butterfly has been screaming at me to do something with it so of course I had to use that for my canvas! :)
1/2 pound fresh goat cheese brought to room temperature
Dick Clark never was a local New York disc jockey.
4 - Curley Fox - Listen To The Mockingbird - 2:49
A great book to read and ponder about.
3) I used to horse ride
I know, deep down inside, that despite being gifted, both kids have some level of weakness in their executive functioning - you know, the higher order skills in being able to sort through thoughts, hold them in their heads, organise them and put them on paper. On being organised enough to not run late every week for swimming. To know how to tidy up their room. I know that they struggle with these things. Whether or not they are severe enough to count as the inattentive type of ADHD we are waiting until May (which is how long you have to wait to get to see a specialist).
“Uhhhhh,” I uttered, a moment too long, “it’s mine.”
One year ago, one hundred of our closest relatives converged upon the Hotel Monteleone for a family reunion. We decided that the week between Christmas and New Year’s Eve was the perfect time to gather because all schools, universities, and many businesses are on holiday.
・ Quick-Shift Focus system for instant switching to manual-focus operation, after the subject is captured in focus by the AF system
Lindy Hop Lessons:
“It’s it amazing we did it then. It was perfect timing, really,” I told John.
The book is a relatively quick read for non-fiction because the author has largely written about the subjects and events that a reader would be interested in e.g. were there any signs when Mike was a child and what event did eventually lead to a diagnosis. The author interweaves her family story throughout which is relevant and helps to give a perspective from their point of view and how the illness affected them.
Wallets or Purses — made of leather or fabric to hold notes and coins
for speed. We knew
Today the birds are singing in full chorus. The leaves are unfurling and the scenery is changing into a light green sea of newness. We spied butterflies on our morning walk to school; and saw a few more flowers opening up to the sun and warmer air. The sensation of being outside is lighter – and that is not only because I left my coat at home, hanging up in the closet. The birdsong and the distant scent of blossoming jasmine has awakened more than just my senses. The higher temperature has brought a swing to my step; and pedestrians are looking up instead of bowing their head against the wind and cold.
Last week Zach was drawing a picture and asked me if Yasminah had feet. This may sound like an odd question to most, however we only had a few photos of Yasminah and none of them included her feet.
Star Trek 4
As it happened, 40 men were asked to perform word gymnastics, in that they were given three words and required to provide a fourth word that would apply to the first three. For example: Tool, lunch and toy. The fourth word would be box.
need peace? Jesus is the prince of peace.
- One of 5 signed promo cards for Pieces of Us
The best (okay not ‘best’, but) most tolerable part about all this is: showering! :) and then blow-drying one’s hair while standing completely naked and dripping wet, for like twenty minutes (because that’s how long my hair takes to dry). Can’t pat or towel it dry, because one (I’m using ‘one’ to substitute with ‘I’) has boils and blisters on one’s scalp! And it hurts to pat or towel it dry.
But in my hands, Felix the plushie was no longer Felix. He was Iño. My parents tried, to no avail, to correct my mistake by saying that my new toy's name was "el gato Felix" and not "Iño."
Marvel is a company that needs to make money though, profit is of course a good thing. But often the actual stories being told in the comics feels like it’s the last priority. In fact, for the Clone Sage, the writing wasn’t even a priority at all, the marketing was. Which is how a six issue Spider-Man story spiraled out of control into one of the stupidest, longest lasting arcs that mainstream comics ever put out.
They mess with the food, water, medical, faith (read Judeo cristianity) usury to keep us poor and let’s not forget the easy credit they offer.
Stamp: SU! Teeny Tiny Wishes
Therefore God gave them up in the lusts of their hearts to impurity, to the degrading of their bodies among themselves, because they exchanged the truth about God for a lie and worshiped and served the creature rather than the Creator, who is blessed forever! NRSV
I woke up very early today, so early that I decided to go back to sleep and ended up waking too late. -_- So, it's another mad rush, and I think this is my 'best' record to date, after I'm done with the bentos, I'm only left with 10 minutes to get ready and send LT to School. Oh well, looks like there will always be such days for me. :P
Your Mitch
If you are pregnant and not sure what to do please know that there are people and places that want to walk with you through your thoughts and choices. If you are not in this situation chances are you know someone who is or you may be able to share some time loving those women who need it. Jesus loves life and has given each of us a new life in him. Share that love with those around you.
The last line is an “inside joke” as they are words she would always say when angry. I could go on forever about the things she did, what kind of women she was…but I’ll just say this:
But I can't deal with him making my son feel this way. He assures me it will never happen because he "actually cares about Nic" (awesome to know he doesn't give 2 shits about me) but I just dont think this is fair anymore. I can't deal with the stress... how am I supposed to deal with him in MY house for 15 days?
I read with interest your post of 10th January where you described how a queen behaves. Given your knowledge of these matters, I wonder if you could answer a question which has always intrigued me.
The press
Let’s recap what has happened:
I've been getting the message from the Universe...that I'm never gonna "get it all done". I love it when messages come at me from various sources, all at once =)
Akshay was confused too. He was now in chaotic circle.
Rights have little meaning unless they can be enforced and modern technology has made IPRs enforcement increasingly difficult. Photocopiers make it possible for anyone with access to a machine to reproduce works entitled to copyright protection and the Internet allows anyone to make literary or musical works available to the world.
Lastly, has anyone seen the new Harry Potter movie? If you’re planning to go, a word of advice. Take Kleenex. Especially if you’ve read the books, because you’ll be able to appreciate what’s happening on a deeper level. Yes, there are changes and differences, but it’s still a wonderful ending to the series. I want to go back.
DAY 24: SOMETHING YOU'RE GRATEFUL FOR... This was tough. Went through many options in my mind - Nurofen, Silence Anti-Snoring Spray, Frangelico.... eventually settled on the fact that I've raised two young adults who get along well. Couldn't be prouder or more grateful.
The term mythology can refer to either the study of myths or a body of myths. For example, comparative mythology is the study of connections between myths from different cultures, whereas Greek mythology is the body of myths from ancient Greece. The term “myth” is often used colloquially to refer to a false story; however, the academic use of the term generally does not pass judgment on its truth or falsity. In the study of folklore, a myth is a symbolic narrative explaining how the world and humankind came to be in their present form. Many scholars in other fields use the term “myth” in somewhat different ways. In a very broad sense, the word can refer to any traditional story.
During our visit to North Carolina we visited waterfalls near Cherokee, North Carolina, at Deep Creek in the Smokies, in the Dupont State Forest in North Carolina. We also stopped by a couple more waterfalls on our way home.
Way to go Denyse. You have now joined a long line of failed prophets!
- Andrew R.
It's a big problem for the business, and it's a self-perpetuating problem. Creatives are being more departmentalised, and are it seems in most cases, quite happy for that to happen. But clients aren't getting as effective work out of it. Creatives can see a clear template for winning awards, and if that's the criteria for judging them, who can blame them for aspiring to it? Therefore creatives become more concerned with what will win awards than what will work really well.
Yeah, so after all of the planning an preparation of last night, an oversight on my part limited our bottling efforts to only one batch, the Bipartisan Porter (MB0025). We'll take care of Ode to the Halper (MB0026) later this weekend.
GUNS!!
Oh, no cannonballs did fly, no rifles cut us down
“…convened the judges of the Sanhedrin and brought before them a man named James, the brother of Jesus who was called the Christ, and certain others. He accused them of having transgressed the law and delivered them up to be stoned.
The most obvious is on racial policy. The NP thought it could run a successful economy without fully exploiting the skills of the black population. The ANC thinks it can run a successful state without fully exploiting the skills of the white population. The evidence that this cannot be done is apparent all the time at all levels and in all branches of government. And it is beginning to cause instability at local level and hurt the party.
1 velvet
i will add this card to these other challenges,
But I'm also not sure what to write about now. I used to write detailed multi-part fantasies, which was a lot of fun...but it was also time-consuming and hard work, and I lack both the inspiration and the energy for that now. Even Flash Fiction Friday, which I've dearly loved, isn't giving me the spark it used to. Last week's picture was one I'd ordinarily gobble right up, but I let it pass untouched.
that this Makropoulos chick is just a little too nuts for you,
We did spent some time scoping out the style preferred by Just Belgian:
A can of low sodium creme of mushroom soup
Yet Allingham did not consider himself to be a ‘proper’ author. To be a proper author, he told his younger daughter, Joyce, you had to be published in hard covers. His older daughter Margery achieved this distinction in 1924, also aged 19, when her first novel, Blackkerchief Dick, was published by Hodder & Stoughton for 7s 6d. By 1924 the papers in which her father’s work was cost tuppence rather than a penny – which would mean that one of Allingham’s readers would be able to purchase nine months of weekly entertainment for the same price as a single hardback novel. It’s an interesting price differential compared with today when new fiction in hardback will probably cost £18.99 whereas an independently published e-novel might be £1.99 – or, briefly, given away. These gaps seem set to widen. A recent survey shows the hardback market strengthening as the physical medium of first publication becomes more consciously valued. Publishing by instalments would seem a completely logical way forward for e-writers who hope to earn more than tea-money for their work.
That evening I dined with friends. It was a light hearted evening. Much merriment, laughing and pleasant conversation was had by all. I was in the company of good friends I knew for a length of time. We all cared for each other and it was evident in our moods and deliberations.
Full disclosure: I didn't keep track of whether I saved $108 a day. Sometimes I'd save $20 and other times, like the day I sold my car, I made much more than $108. But I always had that number swishing around in the back of my mind, helping me make decisions on what to buy, what to not buy, and how I could make money for my freedom dream.
“I am sure that, in my early youth, no teaching ever made such an impression upon my mind as the instruction of my mother; neither can I conceive that, to any child, there can be one who will have such influence over the young heart as the mother who has so tenderly cared for her offspring. A man with a soul so dead as not to be moved by the sacred name of “mother” is creation’s blot. Never could it be possible for any man to estimate what he owes to a godly mother. Certainly I have not the powers of speech with which to set forth my valuation of the choice blessing which the Lord bestowed on me in making me the son of one who prayed for me, and prayed with me. How can I ever forget her tearful eye when she warned me to escape from the wrath to come? I thought her lips right eloquent; others might not think so, but they certainly were eloquent to me. How can I ever forget when she bowed her knee, and with her arms about my neck, prayed, “Oh, that my son might live before Thee!” Nor can her frown be effaced from my memory—that solemn, loving frown, when she rebuked my budding iniquities; and her smiles have never faded from my recollections— the beaming of her countenance when she rejoiced to see some good thing in me towards the Lord God of Israel.”
I adore my new magnolia stamp! i've been after her and him (snowman) for ages! so when it was finally instock straight into my basket it went!! hehe! it's been a while for a maggie fest... there's just so many fabulous stamps out there at the moment i'm having trouble in using my maggies (i know shocking for me right....)
1 injury
A spokesman for Mr Livingstone refused to comment on individual expense claims and defended his foreign trips, claiming they won valuable business for London.
Charles Dodgson
"A good driving track with an infectious guitar riff. The production is good as is the quality of the vocal and backing. The only thing sightly lacking is any form of variation or light and shade. The song could do with a middle 8 or something contrasting to break it up a bit and to give the track structure, otherwise it can tend to be a bit bland after several listens. At 2:42 it could also do with a bit of lengthening."
That rejection remains the core of the conflict. However problematic, settlements are not the main obstacle to an agreement. Both former Prime Ministers Ehud Barak and Ehud Olmert offered to uproot dozens of settlements and concentrate the rest in "blocs" along the border to enable Palestinian territorial contiguity. Palestinian leaders dismissed those offers.
And he has the cheek to say I'm too middle-class!
15 - Astru Naming Ritual For Caresse (3:12)
This is not to say this work has been easy. Many of these conversations are painful and difficult. At the second General Assembly (GA), a debate emerged regarding the use of the livestream at the GA. Since the initial planning meeting, Occupy NOLA had been posting photos and videos on Facebook without those in attendance's permission. Myself alongside several others from the anti-racism working group raised the concern that having the entire area videotaped led to the space not being safe or secure for a variety of folks: immigrants, trans folks, queer folks, etc. and offered the proposal that 1/3 of the space not be included in the livestream.
My husband and I love France. The vibrant Paris, the beautiful South coast, the fragrant Rhone valley and the luxurious Champagne region are just a few of the places we’d like to return to, again and again. Maybe it’s time to resume our French lessons? Un oui résolu!
I do this thing with clothes though, particularly pieces I'm especially fond of. I tend to attach a specific memory to them. Apparently this is not a recent development in my psyche, as my mother will tell you that I'm notorious for saying, whenever she mentions something that occurred years and years ago, "Oh, sure. I remember that day. I remember the outfit I was wearing, actually." This memory association isn't necessarily a bad thing, of course. I still look fondly at the sweater I wore through-out my backpacking days, ten years ago, and doubt I'll ever be able to get rid of the thing. I know which dresses I wore to friend's weddings, I recall certain outfits I wore on important events in my life - big, like job interviews, and small, like meeting a new friend for dinner, hoping we become as good of friends as I imagine we could be. Even when filling up a donation bag for Goodwill recently I had fond memories of the clothes I bid farewell to - the khaki shorts I wore while traveling in Costa Rica, the flannel shirt I'd worn up in Maine with friends, the one I'd accidentally shrunk in the wash once I returned to the city.
Specifics is key.
So I think I have followed all the rules in regards to being nominated and receiving the “Versatile Blogger Award”. If I missed something please let me know. WhooHoo, Thanks again Amy for nominated me, now I am off to cook something delicious so I can blog about it. Oh and trying to figure out how to put this award image on my sidebar…that could take me weeks to figure out.
Just a flying flick of recurring irritation,
That being so, the only EU/Ukraine agreement that is not tied to politics, the fate of Tymoshenko and others, or the nefarious actions of Yanukovych and his sponsors, is the road map for Visa-free travel which Stefan Fule consistently states is about the free movement of people and not the politics of a nation.
Then she did it to me. I whipped out my iPhone to capture the glorious moment for the blog. I had to share this information. THIS IS HOW THEY DO IT. They step right in front of you, but they will not look at you. They'll look in the exact opposite direction of you, even if it means pivoting their head around 180 degrees so they're staring directly out over their backs. Line-cutting Frenchies are like those owls with really twisty necks.
Thank you very much Marion, Linda and Ann for these excellent examples of occupational photographs, which have slotted nicely into my take on this week's Sepia Saturday theme. I trust you will now head over there to check out what the other slaves to sepia have on offer.
Beached
Each week in club inégales the band plays, then a guest plays, then we play together, usually using my own improv. signalling system. The signals marshal the forces, and there are also part-scores, but there’s a lot of room for individual players personality and imagination. Our club regulars say the approach means every evening is fresh and unique, and that the place has a buzz.
Pray boldly!
culmination of this part of the poem, is not an accident.
How gorgeous is this paper?!?!?!? I need more of it. I also used Maya Road, Prima, Tim Holtz die,
For those who have abundant time, and want to awe their dinner guests with butter, the following directions came from the TLC site.
It is fascinating to watch the process in action. The issues that we argue about are essentially meaningless. Traffic and crime are items on a graph or report to those who do government planning. They are issues to be addressed by regulations and conditional uses restrictions by the Yamhill County Planning Commission.
here's some pics i've had of my 'life' to share:
Mama and Papa Mallard ducks have decided this is where they want to raise their future ducklings. They were a little alarmed when we returned–the garden pond is right next to several windows–but we gave them space and they quickly got used to us. They probably spend about 80% of their time swimming or laying by the pond. Several times a day they stroll back to the bird feeders to clean up any spilled seed. I’m really hoping they nest and we get to see the little hatchlings.
They are caused by the sun’s magnetic field becoming twisted – and it’s this twisting dynamic that can produce coronal mass ejections.
2) Languages
So I began to write…
At this point, what we do is we start to take the “minimal enagement with our worldly life” strategy. In my case, for example, I had a 10 year period of my life where my main goal was to minimize the amount of “normal work” I had to do. For example, I would take jobs that demanded very little of me and that were below what my normal career potential would have been. I did so so that I had “more free time” to “do Dharma.” Then, when the people I worked for came in and asked me to do things, I became internally upset, frustrated and dissassatisfied with having to do these things. I would only minimally engage in my work, out of a strange fear of being somehow contaminated by having to engage in “worldly activities”. So not only was I taking jobs below what my normal capacity would have been, I was underperforming in them.
Two days before the waiver was granted, Falcone and his wife each donated the maximum $30,400 to the DNC. LightSquared CEO Sanjiv Ahuja made his own $30,400 contribution to the DNC on the same day he met with administration officials to discuss the waiver.
of that colour challenge is:
Thu-AM: 1:18, 3000' ~ 2nd Flatiron+Green Mt.
North Coco Plum Caye is located a short 15 minute flight from the International Airport and 30 minutes by boat from the mainland in the Southwater Marine Reserve off Dangriga Town on the Central Coast of Belize.
Hass U, Lund SP, Simonsen L, Fries AS. Effects of prenatal exposure to xylene on postnatal development and behavior in rats. Neurotoxicol Teratol 1995; 17: 341-349.
Well today I thought that I would share with you another project using the Ecraft from Crafters Companion, I just love this machine and the more that I use it the more in love with it I become. The beauty is that you do not need any sticky mats and for me this is a god send. This Christmas Tree is so easy to make, so here goes :
I’m reading the Book of Mark right now. I have a Life Application Bible (NIV). This Bible has life-pointers at the bottom of each page explaining the meaning of the verses. Sometimes these meanings are historic and some have spiritual meanings but, always, help the reader to understand the Bible better.
The angle in which his little fist struck the mug sends scalding coffee UP MY NOSE, all over my face, on my PJs (that I was hoping to keep clean so I could justify wearing them to the bus stop in 28 seconds when his bus rounds the bend), all over the leather couch, the off-white rug....you get the picture.
Wergeland E, Strand K. Need for job adjustment in pregnancy. Early prediction based on work history. Scand J Prim Health Care 1998; 16: 90–94.
For Filling:
5 milburn
I was really glad to take some time last week to make a few cards and free my mind to think creatively, after so many days of analytical thinking. To touch paper, fibres, fabric, and letters instead of the keyboard. To let my mind go abstract places instead of prescribed pathways.
Notes: Bonus points if your team’s incompetence led you there.
54. A book that you expected to like but didn’t?
We're getting reports from friends in DC and others en route about the charged atmosphere. Although it's not the same from thousands of miles away, this ad from the newspaper, Libération, details the special coverage from now through Wednesday. Today, American writers tell stories about Obama. Monday, everything you want to know about the inauguration. Tuesday, the workshops of the president. Wednesday, the first day of the Obama era. I'll keep my eyes peeled for anything of interest.
You want her chained forever
Trinity United Methodist Church
So we are saved by faith in the shed blood of Jesus Christ. We are bought with a price, the full value of the exacted payment. But one will read Matthew 6:14 and 15.
Time to shake up and prepare for the lies
Use a Fiskars border punch to punch out two Greek Key borders from black cardstock and adhere across the top and bottom of the PP background with double sided tape and embellish the points of the triangle with round epoxy stickers.
“I could have missed the pain, but I would have had to miss the dance,” The Dance; Tony Arata.
Suddenly, the door opens for him, just as the guarded door is opening for someone else, and you see inside for just the briefest moment. You see the guarded door and the rows of neat little boxes, of neat, carefully manicured grasses and faces, the sameness of it all.
A cool fog rises from the lake
Hopefully more progress tomorrow!
THE CREATION - IF I STAY TOO LONG
Just slap some paint on me
Belief that genitals will disappear or that it would be preferable not to have a penis
'I don't think we want to do that - he's really important,' said the cop.
'NO!' hmpf...start to walk off...
and fly
Joan As Policewoman- Kiss The Specifics
the mind that woke in them.
What is ink blowing? Grab a piece of paper and with your straw put drops of thin paint (acrylic watered down) or ink on paper. Blow through the straw, pushing the paint around the paper. Let dry and embellish if needed. I love this new technique however my head did not.
But on a side note, you need to use big burger buns! Our buns were quite small, and the burger patties were enormous! Yeah I could have made them smaller… But I didn’t! The patties were so delicious and juicy… I will definitely make these again. The only thing was… We forgot to put egg in the burger! But our fillings of beetroot, lettuce, mustard, cheese, and tomato was still amazing. Oh and let’s not forget the homemade aioli sauce which was also amazing!
Here’s the challenge: whether you consciously and deliberately choose a culture or not, there will be a culture. It will be whatever decisions and actions you support, reward, and tolerate.
Thank you to all the girls who left a comment on my Monday Musings, I value your support and thank you all for your kind works, I will keep those to myself if I may, its the best way to handle things.
The songs come a weird points and serve only as roadblocks which make sure you are a further 5 minutes away from the end and nothing else.
Global civil unrest and martial law followed as the masses realized that the remaining 1/3 of the world’s oil would be ceased by the world’s military to keep their war machines alive.
-charcoal dress pants
mild and ripe with white fruit,
C. Chore that you hate: Hanging clothes out to dry. Ugh.
And I don’t like whites
After the development of larger and faster-growing hogs (due to crosses between European and Asian breeds) in the 18th and 19th century, in the United States, backyard and small-scale hog production provided an inexpensive means of converting waste food, crop waste, and garbage into calories (in a relatively small space and in a relatively short period of time). Many of those calories came in the form of fat and rendered lard. Lard was used for almost all cooking and was a fundamental component in many common homestead foods (many that today are still regarded as holiday and comfort foods) like biscuits and pies. The economic/caloric necessity of consuming lard and other saved fats may have led to the popularity of fried foods, not only in the US, but worldwide. In the 19th century cast iron became widely available for use in cooking. The combination of flour, lard, a chicken and a heavy pan placed over a relatively controllable flame became the beginning of today’s fried chicken.
The new Avengers film was released in the UK this week and it is a hotly anticipated (if that’s a real phrase) climax of a series of in my opinion quite good marvel superhero movies over the past few years. The individual superhero films in themselves have been curates eggs ranging from the huge commercial success of Iron Man to the cerebral first Hulk to the intelligent Brannagh Thor and the lovingly crafted Captain America by Joe Johnstone.
Today was my lucky day; my Amanda just so happened to be my shopping companion. Who better to help me investigate the cosmetics department than a teenage girl? They are practically a walking encyclopedia of beauty trends. Besides, I am always admiring her eye make-up. Perhaps today is the day I learn her secrets……
I went. I saw. I screamed. What a load of tosh it was! I know the following lines will make me sound about a hundred and twenty years old. Yet, they must be said: in my days, people were just NOT allowed to send out such pointless nonsense. We used to strive to get the words, grammar and content right. And crisp. I am not saying it was all top notch. However it was never this terrible either. We had a sense of pride and satisfaction about a job done well.
(1) Of the "seven questions" presented in the en banc order (and the 50,000 sub-parts), the court was not able to address each of these questions individually. The perception was that the first three questions were the main focus of the court's attention.
3. Here is the my favorite, and I want to begin to incorporate more into my own business life. Virtual meetings. The ability to see and touch each other is not 100% but its pretty close. With the gas prices the way they are, this alone can save you hundreds of dollars a month. I haven’t done a lot of it, and internet speed can vary how well it works.
Seriously, Dude. It's on the menu for nearly every historical hotel/tavern/pub in the Williamstown area. At least all the ones that came up when I Googled.
And then there was that page Brittany and Jessica and Mandy Moore. And as I grew older, the pages for rock music or rap or r&b for those years I was in denial that I am a white kid from the middle of no-where. And of course, at the very back of the CD case that included CDs you secretly still loved but were now ashamed to own.
We were ten, and planned our lives in a hideout under the steps in the basement storage room of our building. We stacked milk crates to display our rock collection and kept a paper bag to fill with glass soda bottles. The nickel deposits on each one added up to purchase forbidden bubble gum and chocolate bars. Every day we opened the secret cigar box and selected a treat. Jeff taught me how to blow a bubble. I showed him how to whistle with a blade of grass between his thumbs.
“…if the plaintiff (person bringing the suit) can show that the dog that was the cause of his or her injury was a pit bull or cross bred pit bull, or that the owner should have known that the dog was a pit bull or cross bred pit bull, the dog’s owner, or person who has the right to control the dog, will be held liable to the plaintiff for the plaintiff’s injuries.” – Boston Law Group, LLC
Not only did they have that trademark, deep passion fruit flavor, but they actually had some sweetness to them (passion fruit tends to be quite tart). I have no idea if they will be around this Sunday, but if they are, I'm getting more.
People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals, director of vegan outreach
Sunlight playing on the raindrops of a fir tree.
Go to your doctor right away, no matter how odd you feel about it or how shy you are.
I’ve entered, how about you?
Of course I was excited! It became a wonderful project that we
Abortion should be an health issue between the woman, doctor and her partner. No one should be able tell any women what she can or cannot do with her reproductive system or body.
The 3:00-4:00 meeting after school that lasted until 5:10? Icing on the cake.
I slept very well being in a bed for a change. I feel like I can sleep for days when I have this type of privacy and am laying down flat. But the best part is being braless. It may sound strange, but it really is. Try wearing a bra 24 hours a day for just a week and you will see what I mean.
There is another Christmas tradition here (in Catalunya region, not all of Spain) that we are also participating in this year. Unfortunately, it is along the same general Catalan theme that I described to you in an earlier post about the caganer. (I don’t get the preoccupation here with pooping, but “when in Catalunya, do as the Catalans do.”) So here’s the story:
I eliminate views that are negative and unkind.
But, if scientists at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology are to be believed, then this will revolutionize a human’s state of being.
801 players minus 211 who missed the game due to dance recitals = 590
All the actors have grown up but Emma Watson seems to have really come into her own the past few years. I love her style and am very jealous that she's the Burberry girl!
Documentation about this record is scant. Although Björk often alludes to it, precise details are hard to come by. And with the singer on a promotionaly tour of Japan and Australia at the time of writing, I turned to one of the few people with first-hand knowledge of this early release: Hildur Hauksdottir - Björk's mum.
Franklin Graham also said that Christians need to pray for leaders in the U.S., and that we need people “who will put God’s standards above everything else and who will take us back to the God of our fathers.”
But the sci-fi angle is not to be ignored. We get people going through shiny blue time portals, robots that serve as peoples consciences and ancient people who can survive only by living inside of life supporting tubes! We get to see crying robots! Time paradoxes that cause earthquakes and characters that say the cheesiest lines on the planet! Yeah, let’s get that straight, this film might get a laugh or two from you at times, characters just talk in the silliest ways and do the silliest things. For example, the future is decayed, everyone is sick and dying yet the time traveling girls apparently have the time to put on make up and get perms! The world might be dying but Louise Baltimore is going down in style! Ha! It’s hilarious! When she goes to earth, she looks like a stewardess, but when she goes to her world, suddenly Bam! her hair is like a freaking 80’s hair band! It’s pretty funny; it looks so out of place! Another funny thing, every time they finish smoking one of their healthy cigarettes, they don’t have to worry about an ashtray because a lazer beam comes out of nowhere and disintegrates the cigarette! Ha! No need for ashtrays on this future! On this future we have cigarette disintegrating lazer beams! Just imagine the logistics behind that idea!
And yes, the ivy is exceptionally luscious.
The fact that the web has become so big so fast was supposed to mean TV would shrivel and eventually die. In fact, TV viewing is at its highest point ever. The web has just added to -- not replaced -- the amount of media we are gorging on. And that amount is alarming.
but the owner of the Grist Mill Restaurant
"They're mad because we took away their little lot by Borough Hall," she said. "They are so petty."
On my recent trip to the White House (I didn't mention it before because these trips are commonplace for me) Barry asked me to sit in an interview with him.
I split the class up so each group only had to focus on one character. Here are a few samples of the results. Two illustrate what Toot discovers. The other two take a closer look at Puddle.
She calmly tells him to lean back and relax. It’s Tan Ya therapy time. She asks him to imagine the most beautiful woman in the world. Who is it? Why, it’s Wonder Woman to the rescue! In his imagination, Tan Ya appears to him in the conference room decked out as Wonder Woman and she advises him on how to deal with people at work.
So yeah, it wasn’t the prettiest of wins… But we totally pulled it off. With our clear ability to make other teams throw terrible passes and miss one too many catches, we continue to hold a strong advantage over most NCAA football programs. You see, other schools may pride themselves on their “offense” or their “defense.” But what it really comes down to is knowing what it takes to make the other team screw up. And I’ll be damned if someone tells me otherwise.
The latest Throwback Thursday challenge at My Creative Time, is to create a project using a font cartridge. I noticed that I have never used Calligraphy yet on a project for my blog so I decided to go with that one.
One of those games that every arcade had, also one of those games that everyone had at home as it was ported to nearly every home computer going. Despite being easier on the home versions it still gave you a little more edge over the competition when it came down to playing it in public.
Still, the end is so tart.
Then, after all of these adventures as well as plenty of much needed catch-me-up-on-the-past-three-months-of-your-life-right-this-very-instant-or-else conversations, we were set and ready to go a-travelin’.. AND TRAVEL WE DID. SO MUCH TRAVELING. Have I made that clear yet? Yeah, I didn’t think so.
Those of you who have been the vanguard of this movement have now entered a state of Being where your efforts are being supported by these new energies and you will find that it becomes a joyful service rather than a necessary chore.
The country music icon will perform live on HSN a special one-hour primetime show at 9 p.m. as part of HSN’s first-ever 24-hour Americana Event featuring unique American-themed experiences, brands and products.
As a photojournalist I've been in many tight spots and when it's your own life on the line you just take risk as a given. In certain situations you expect danger. But when you're out for a walk on a beach in Belgium, taking pictures on a clear afternoon, you don't expect to be plunged into a life and death situation.
Used in more than 6,000 products (often sugar-free or “diet” versions), millions of people consume this toxin, believing it to be a healthy alternative to sugar.
of the universe, where sacred geometry
- My Wife says: This is gross. What channel is it on? I’m turning it on in the bedroom as well.
And you know, we sometimes rent out our house to help pay the mortgage. I’m terrified she’s going to pull this stunt while there are renters there. In fact, she did. But the renters were at breakfast and didn’t see her. She calls me on my cell (the weekend the renters are there), and says, “I just stopped by your house, but you weren’t there.”
Leighton
understanding of "UK values" - that or an attempt to re-interpret them.
I'll try to make it interesting, but if you nod off, I'll understand!
“Niko, what the feck are you talking about?” I said.
"Why do you carry that sign?"
as the sun illuminates His majesty.
The conference program included more than 22 hours of educational programming. If you missed the conference, you can purchase audio recordings of the sessions from Network Communications Services.
“Come back, Tommy!”
Illustrated by way of: Black & White Photographs; Colour Photographs; Black & White Drawings;
Be sure to check that out.
Of course after this there were more hills, and with every downhill was the dreaded uphill. Although, downhills still sucked real bad because they were basically out of control descents. We were now about 2 miles in and really feeling it with a heat index of 105 degrees. Talk about sweating bullets. Each of us lost about 7 to 10 pounds in water weight alone.
Anybody who thinks they're getting paid 100K just to drive a trunk is woefully naive of what the fuck a war zone is, and has absolutely no conception of what it'd be like to be a member of a country that's just been invaded, no matter how right or just or patriotic the invaders feel.
The cupcakes were stamped on Sugar cardstock with Memento Tuxedo Black ink - then colored and trimmed. Same thing for the frosting pieces. I stamped the cherry - then masked it off to stamp the frosting. All the pieces are adhered to the card base flat. Some Diamond Glitter accents add just the right "yumminess" to it!
As they watched the sun come up.
Of course, the world of health care presents plenty of legitimate hurdles to such connectivity, including privacy and security. And that forms the heart of the dilemma: Physicians, practices and health care organizations generally say that, for those reasons, they can’t engage in e-communications with their patients. But some physicians do, if only on such small matters as appointment reminders. Others go further, by providing Web sites with health tips and wellness information or offering online appointment scheduling.
California is gaining status in the beer world. That's awesome because I make it to the land of movies quite often. Luckily, that is where I am now (stop by and say hi if you're in the area). I have been here for 3 days now and I feel like I'm failing in my search for great West Coast beer.
I just finished watching the Superbowl and am now watching the Season Two premiere of The Voice. It has been a great day to spend with family. A hard day to write though. Too many distractions. But I need these days once in awhile.
(As for the professed desire to “make the system cheaper”: this is hard to reconcile, to put it politely, with packing the Lords at the same time. Not to mention being a deeply unworthy reason for such a significant constitutional change – as if the composition of the House of Commons were merely a matter of budgeting and administration. The “cost-cutting” argument is just an expedient to secure public support at a time when the Commons’ reputation is at its lowest ebb for centuries.)
Guess what, Kacie’s mom? HUNGER GAMES, BITCH.
Perfect Vision developed a jerky and arty new wave sound, mixing synth-pop with grinding guitars and pop beats, Gahan-style vocals with intellectual arrangements much akin to early Wire. In fact, imagine if Wire had stayed clear of their late 70's arty-farty experimentation and developed their formative new wave edge, then this is how they would have sounded.
Andrew lived about 80 miles from Nicole, and Nicole was apprehensive about meeting someone so quickly over the internet, so she admits she wasn't exactly pushing to meet with Andrew right off the bat.
Added Advanced search section for 4shared files.
Notice I have conveniently cropped out our dining room table that is overflowing with a jumble of craft supplies, Thanksgiving school projects, and Christmas decorations. If you look in the bottom picture you can see the silhouette of Lu's pretzel rod tepee! Word is they are making pretzel rod advent wreaths in Sunday School this Sunday. Who knew you could make so many seasonal crafts with pretzel rods. This coming from the lady that constantly finds new uses for toilet paper tubes ;-)
I was hugely impressed with her, although her friend had had Benny do the same and Benny is a very lazy animal.
+ SPLIFF STAR – Single
So we are very pleased to hear that only a week into their campaign they haven't just reached their target of $1000 but are now over the $1200 mark. This will allow them to reprint issues 1, 2 and 3 as well as finance their attendance at more conventions and comic marts over the next year.
So far the vending machines aren’t international, so the hug bug hasn’t caught on worldwide yet, but I’m willing to tell people it is to see how many people I can make hug a vending machine. That’s not mean, is it?
13. ‘Racist prejudice and stereotyping can work and be evident both ways.’ (para, 45.25). Given the fury directed at the police, this single sentence is hardly an impressive example of trying to be balanced.
1) A very large (45" x 70") and heavy (130 lbs) mirror. We've actually hung this mirror twice using a French Cleat ... the first location was our Den, pictured below, and now this mirror hangs in our Dining Room (I hope to post our finished Dining Room soon). Because the French Cleat makes the hanging process quick and easy David couldn't even give me a hard time about moving the mirror!
Goede Doel Sinterklaas NL
I remember the assumptions I made before reading Forgive My Fins, the first book in the series. I was quite reluctant to read it. Now with Fins are Forever, I had the same feelings. Not that I didn't want to read it, I kind of just thought that it won't be good as the last book. I'm still trying to figure out why I had these doubts and where they came from as I did in fact enjoy reading Fins are Forever.
Well, because I have some serious bathroom/shitting in public issues that I wasn’t ready to share with her. I was still in the “show my feathers” courting stage of our relationship.
I'm wide awake at four a.m.
She holds in her lap a large round tray
It's interesting that some of the artwork is very similar to the work of Theodor Geisel, better known as Dr. Seuss. He did a lot of work for advertisers before World War II and it makes me wonder if he worked on this set. Even the names on the back of the cards sound like Seuss type of names.
#7...your top 5 things you cannot leave the house without.
Her credentials as a guerilla filmmaker were established through her participation as an uncredited co-director in the collective that made Winter Soldier, about the Vietnam War veterans who returned to the United States to testify about the war crimes that they witnessed and participated in. Virtually every aspect of this film was conceived and executed in opposition to the prevailing orthodoxies of documentary filmmaking and distribution, from its subject matter and unapologetically anti-war stance, to its collaborative and anonymous authorship.
Then I realized that lots of parenting experts talk about how important it is to be firm with one's children. I never liked that idea, and now I have figured out how to explain why. When you are firm, you only have two choices: to hold yourself together against any pressure your kids might apply, or to give in and break under the pressure. You have two positions: unbroken and broken. No one wants to think of being broken by her children, so one might think she must be rigid to stay together. The firm parent must deflect any pressure to yield, to give in, to change her mind.
As Dr Ralph Blair points out, complementarity is what is in view here. Not a workmate as some insist. Others wrongly use the term to promote female inferiority and passive submission to “complement” male superiority. Complementarity involves seeking someone matching you, someone “like-opposite” you, complementary and perceived as fascinatingly other than your own sense of self.
I thank god that the nurses that were on that night knew what to do and thank goodness Dr Lewis got the intraosseous needle into his leg, as this is what saved his life.
I also invite you to share our badge on your site so that others may participate in this event.
7 rue des Abbesses
Movies and dogs are pretty much my two favorite things in the world. So when you combine the two of them, I'm in hog heaven. This year, some canine talent burst onto the scene that could easily be compared to the star power of Asta or Lassie. Beyond those career-defining roles, various films this year were positively peppered with pooches. I'm not just calling them out for being cute, but I truly believe that they were all strong screen presences, even those with limited screen time. Oh, and they're cute!
“Uh sure,” he said, both thrilled and frightened by the invitation. He closed and locked the door to the box. “I need to pick up my prescription at the drug store . . .”
And from afar I hear the voice of woe
Thursday, December 27
Fold the wet ingredients into dry just until combined. DO NOT over mix, this will cause the gluten to develop and make a tough and chewy scone. Turn out onto lightly floured counter, divide into two even amounts. Pat each amount into a disk about 1.5 inches thick (??), quarter, and then cut each quarter in half, this will = 8 scones per disk.
There is no way to sum this one up. The desolation, the anger, the defiant hope.
They watched and waited as lights went on.
They hugged and clapped and sang; tears freely flowed;
This is simple common sense. And not just because they quite obviously are deadly to some people, although that should put any further debate to rest. The fundamental reason they should be limited is because in a free society the police should not be allowed to inflict terrible pain on citizens for any reason they choose, no matter how petty or inconsequential. If police are to be allowed to carry tasers they must be strictly controlled. At the moment, this is far more common than not:
So then, what’s the big deal with the TAIL transaction if Treasury has, as it claims this morning, “unequivocally agreed” to NAMA’s requirements. The Memorandum of Understanding referred to above was signed in December 2010 – 14 months ago – so why is TAIL even an issue now? Or is it the case that although the MoU has been agreed, that Treasury hasn’t – 14 months later – complied with its requirements in terms of providing NAMA with security and undertakings in respect of the TAIL transaction, this after NAMA has advanced €103m to what seems like a deeply insolvent company. And if that is the case, was TCT being entirely frank in the implication of its statement which was that it was at one with NAMA in respect of the TAIL transaction.
Mr. Dawes also posted a copy of The Weekly Mail, the Mail & Guardian’s former name, from 1986 in which lines of an article were blacked out because of government censorship. It was routine practice in those days, Mr. Dawes said.
Now, what are all your plans for living instead of twittering? I’d love to hear them, and see them in progress, as I will do with my own as they come. Live, breathe in life, and most importantly-take the sunshine and don’t be a pessimist (as I have been for far to many years.)
The other stories I have gathered from parents and students include:
My lawyer nodded in agreement.
Everyone could roll a joint in the rain, winds gusting at two hundred miles an hour, with one hand tied behind their back and still get all the seeds out. Not Marley.
a little caterpillar. I put a bell inside the head. It's just enough to make noise but not be annoying. I'm not a fan of noisy toys. We find out the sex of the baby tomorrow (yes, I'll be sharing). It'll be nice to refer to Boo Boo as a "he" or "she", and I can settle on my baby room fabric too! haha
The T-shirt, featured at the top of my blog, comes in adult sizes S-2XL and is inspired by the work of Haitian artisans who salvage steel oil drums and transform them into awe-inspiring works of art - most often as metal wall sculptures. Artists use hammers and chisels to create their designs, breathing new life into old material.
I went to University in Aberdeen, where the natives spoke Doric, a word originally having the associations of “bumpkin”- those uneducated types over there- so one of the first reclaimed words I ever heard. This replaced the “wh” in question-words with f, as in fitty daein, faury gaein, fit like meaning how are you. “Loon” is young man or male adolescent, “quine” is young woman, now I think only in Doric, though Burns, frae Ayr, used the word “quean” for young woman, and this site says it is archaic English. At University, in the Acts of the Parliaments of Scotland and other texts of the time I found “quh” replace the wh, as in quhilk, for which. This is Middle Scots, which was the language until 1600, about when James VI went to London to be King of England. It also replaces “ing” in the present participle with “and”. I found Dunbar, whose Lament for the Makaris sends shivers down my spine:
It was about Noon when we walked into Pat’s Pub. Actually I scurried in and made a beeline for the back, as my brother Richie sauntered over to the bar. If you have ever seen the movie ‘A Bronx Tale’, think about the scene when the motorcycle club meets up with the mobsters in their bar. That bar was very similar to what Pat’s looked like. It was a very small place, with a square bar in the front and a Jukebox, some tables and a shuffleboard in the back. I think it used to be a place called Jerry’s Hardware a few years before. Either way, it had the vibe of a social club in someone’s living room. As I nervously fumbled with my selections, my brother bellies up to the bar, confidently puts two five dollar bills on it, while lighting up a Parliament. Right now there are exactly two people in the bar besides us. One is the bartender, and the other is a grizzled older man who sits nursing a beer and probably a hangover from the
Corrosive effect sharpens attitude
Although there have been albums in between, Songs of the Ungrateful Living is the spiritual follow-up to his 1998 breakthrough, the multi-platinum Whitey Ford Sings the Blues, an eclectic mix of rock, blues, country, pop and hip-hop, which topped the Billboard charts and sold more than 3 million copies on the strength of its crossover hit, “What It’s Like.”
11:20 - Go see the picture Liberty has colored. Testify loudly of its wonderfulness.
I decided that now was the time to split it up.
We many not all have farms handed down from generation to generation like the Marstons have, but I think we all hope our children will be 'hefted' if not to our homes, at least to our hearts.
The health insurance industry sure does make a lot of sense and is in no way counter-intuitive at all.
To make the frosting, combine the cream cheese and butter in the bowl of an electric mixer. Beat on medium-high speed until well combined and smooth, about 2-3 minutes. Mix in the vanilla extract. Gradually beat in the confectioners’ sugar until totally incorporated, increase the speed and then beat until smooth. Frost cooled cupcakes as desired. (I used a large, unlabeled star tip to frost these cupcakes.)
SPECIFIC RESPONSES AND OBJECTIONS TO DOCUMENT REQUESTS
11:15 a.m. at Hitt Street Mini Mart Standing behind the counter, Atul Kumar Patel makes his presence known to every customer who walks in the door. His heavy, black eyebrows narrow every time a young customer walks in the door triggering the chime that goes off each time the door opens. The store’s regulars are greeted with a smile and a, “How are you doing?” He watches every customer as they browse the mini mart. When he can’t see them his eye glance up toward one of the two TVs that gives him a view over every inch of the store. He has learned the tricks people try to pull on busy football weekends.
So much for the passing comment about a feeling about the proposed access being from the A27. Consider this, that the contractors being in the lane and saying what they will do speaks much more clearly with ominous end results.
Yeah that can be crude.
They were attacked by Abbassiya residents angry at the protesters, according to the official Mena news agency.
He really is the best. Who else would make an inappropriate u-turn because his prego wife spotted a Sonic? (man, I'm gonna get fat!) Who would rub her feet even though he hates feet? Who would schlep dozens upon dozens of boxes from one floor to the next because they were put in the wrong place? Who would shoulder the burden of all of the gory details in a move...the mundane stuff like arranging an apt. with the Internet guy, and getting a car detail paid for after it came off of the cross country rig exceptionally dirty? Who would make sure that he takes sufficient time off of work so that the house could be in order, to avoid putting it all of his wife's plate? This guy......
—his sarcastic commentaries,
Baby spinach (organic): $1.50/pkg after sale and coupon, used 1/4 = $.38
Meh. Not terrible but it’s too much episode to remember to pick this up from Horrible each week. Also it’s not really entertaining. Dropped I guess.
Stay in Washington where the press can hammer you.
Research has been jarring for months on the novel I am developing for my final year dissertation project. I love literary criticism and breaking it down in itself, I love theory but would love to try it all out and see how it works in fictional practise. Gendered language as a prison of classification, and the reading of the diaries of French Herculine Barbin who was classified as a '19th Century Hermaphrodite' has brought me here to try and create a different ending than suicide.
And on His robe and on His thigh He has a name written, "KING OF KINGS, AND LORD OF LORDS."
I appreciate the cold, venal detachment by which the executives of OCP make business deals and oversee developments while corruption and corpses pile high around them. Daniel O'Herlihy's character of the OCP's Old Man is an especially effective "removed" character. He is so far from human equation and insulated in the comforting cocoon of profit charts and boardrooms that you'll never again think of O'Herlihy as Grig from The Last Starfighter after this.
One year, whilst digging around behind the shower doors, what did I find but a complete set of ‘uppers”. Did someone seriously fail to notice that their dental appliance had sprung forth from their mouth and clattered onto the concrete floor? And if they had noticed, why did they not fetch them at once and return them to their rightful place? Why the heck would leave your teeth in the shower doors…by some miracle did they abruptly grow a whole new set of teeth and the uppers were no longer a necessity? Did some would be consumer decide to test the quality of the metal on the door frame by biting it, only to be snatched up and eaten in retaliation by the shower door, which in turn regurgitated the indigestible teeth?
2) let all your characters speak in the same manner. Especially watch out that they don't all speak like you. :)
You need intimacy and a relationship for all the plans he has for you! Jeremiah-33:3, You must have a relationship with Christ. You can not just merely ask for blessings but live outside His will.
Leo has never been backward in coming forward about how he spends his money - he was one of the first TDs to itemise his expenditure on his website.
I was speaking to friends today and we couldn't believe how fast and last minute this trip to HK is. It still doesn't feel as if I'm leaving tomorrow. My mum is dropping me off at the airport in the morning and then my dad will collect me when I reach Hong Kong (I'm so glad he is there at the moment so he can help me with my luggage!). I still have enough food photos from last Summer to put together several food posts but I guess those will have to wait until I return back to the UK. I'd much rather blog more instantly while I am over there. I have a week to acclimatise before I start work and spending some family time in Macau at the weekend which I'm really looking forward to.
Skip ahead three more years. Having now spent several summers at COTW, yet another Godly man delegated yet more responsibility to me. See, in addition to playing concerts, the music staff also served as waiters in the dining hall. Like most of the music staff, I really hadn’t wanted to do that, but I had taken to heart the summer staff’s “theme verse” from my first year there: Colossians 3:23. And so, I had decided to wait tables with all my heart as unto the Lord… whatever that meant.
When the bread has finished baking, cut each square into 4 pieces. Then use the the pieces to make sandwiches – we’ve had everything from grilled cheese, to vegan BLTs, to Reubens, to PBJ’s. It’s not as fast as grabbing gluten free bread out of the freezer, but it tastes SO MUCH BETTER!
Besides eat good Chinese food or go shopping in a Korean supermarket.
One of the downfalls of living in London is that the kids steal the batteries out of the door bell, more for the hell of it than need.
-Continuing price declines in the face of record low mortgage rates
Of earthly binds and even false trust.
Status: On hold at the library, #1 in queue (I expect to receive this one first as unlike the others, there are multiple copies available in the system).
1) Cut the construction paper into long, 1" wide strips.
Well, maybe not straight away, before we talk all about you, I just have to say that I am a big fan of Neil Gaiman. I loved his Books of Magic (not the Vertigo imprint that came out later - even though I did buy them), but I read a friend's copy and I haven't read it since. Can you just tell me one of your favourite scenes, please? So I can have that geeky 'Oh yes!' moment. Thanks.
Now, when I see others with this kind of fundamental faith and belief in their religion, I find it equal parts scary and admirable. Maintaining that kind of faith and devotion requires a surrender to an intense myopia that I can't even imagine. It requires that you view the world in terms of absolutes: Black and white; Yes and no. There is no room for shades of gray or maybes in a mind filled with the idea that there is only one path to heaven.
But I don't.
Interestingly, that percentage was comprised of 41 percent who were actively searching for a new job (i.e., those who were going on interviews and potentially ready to leave the organisation) and 35 percent who were passively job searching (i.e., those who had posted resumes online or were browsing job postings, but were not yet certain they wanted to leave).
know what you are good at? Even if you think you know what you’re
GINGRICH: Why did we describe him that way?
Publication time: 17 October 2010, 13:30
Hmm...wonder why his search request yielded no results. :)
Okay, is it just me, or does this minimum price per unit for alcohol rhetoric our government is shitting on about, the health of the yoof and binge drinking… does it not seem like a smokescreen to you? A diversion tactic to draw our attention away from the fact that the budget has fucked us in the ass again? This minimum price, 40p per unit, they say, is to stop binge drinking. If it is too expensive, you won’t be able to afford to drink… at £1.20 a can? The fuckers don’t get it in the government, because they are millionaires, people are using debt to bay for booze, to numb the pain. Our chancellor Osborne, with his £130,000+ a year salary, paid by us, his £44m trust fund and the cash the fucker gets from his association with businesses or from renting out his Notting Hill home, has no fucking idea how hard it can be to run a family on fuck all. Stinks of a stealth tax to me. VAT at 20% – a 75p can of larger nets the government 15p, but with the minimum they get almost double that in tax revenue. It has though, taken the heat off a budget where George Osborne says “we’re all in this together.” Yet taxing the worst off and helping the super wealthy. That fuck must have been laughing as he himself is avoiding paying tax. He pays accountants to help him find loopholes which Channel 4 reckons will help him dodge £1.6million. These ‘legal tax dodges’ cost the rest of us billions, and yet he wants to tax the old and the poor? The budget doesn’t make any sense. If you are going to fuck me in the ass, say it… it’s not like I have a choice. But don’t think for a second that were are all that fucking stupid that we can’t see you – fucking me in the ass. Cost of £40k tax cut to 14,000 millionaires = £560m. Cost of the granny tax to 4.5 million grannies = £3b. The cold hard facts are that these 14,000 millionaires will benefit from a £40k tax cut funded by the poorest and pensioners. People who fought knee deep in mud, fighting with rifles and bayonets to defend the liberty and freedom of the people fucking them over again. I used to say, ‘The Rich go to war – but it is the poor who die.’ But it seems the ones that don’t die have to fund the rich too!
Hapgood talked with The Times about the potential effects of such a storm and how the world should prepare for it.
The Upload key after generation checkbox will tell GnuPG to automagically upload your public key to a key server out on the internet…. it’s like a public encryption telephone book for everyone out there on the Internet. They can look up your e-mail address on the key server, and pull down your public key without directly needing to receive the key from you.
…the habit, uncommon ten years ago, now ubiquitous, of ending cell-phone conversations by braying the words “LOVE YOU!” Or, even more oppressive and grating: “I LOVE YOU!” It makes me want to go and live in China, where I don’t understand the language.
I hope you can now pack the majority of the items of your house. You are able to hire one of the Vadodara Packers Movers to pack delicate and high home appliances because they are difficult to end up being packed. Vadodara dependent moving agencies possess professionally educated green bay packers who can easily as well as securely pack most of the things for the home. Most of the Packers Movers Vadodara provide all kinds of moving. They offer residential moving, commercial moving, shop transferring, commercial moving, etc. They offer each complete moving and customised moving according to require and need for the customers.
Not what I wanted to hear. I tried to explain to Helen, keeping in mind that she's five, and this is the end of a long, hot day involving a trip to the public pool and the ball fields and the playground and no nap, that the butterflies aren't bad because they're black and red. These are just the colors the artist chose. Any color butterfly can be bad.
Bantum smiled broadly and nodded happily. “Chicken, is there something you are not telling us?”
I can feel these lyrics reverberate within me. The joy of the sacred walk is inexplicable. Striving to attain something higher and purer is lovelier than any pleasure for me. The path is as beautiful as the destination, even when I stumble and fall down. I cannot imagine living any other way.
Then, after the cabinets are dry you apply 2 coats of the bond/colored paint. The color we chose is called "Linen." It's a slightly off-white color, but still very bright and crisp.
¼ c. panko bread crumbs
How can I live a life of peace and sacrificial victory?
Pididdle Manicure- Set 1 , 2 , 3
1/2 teaspoon salt
No, no! Go from me. I have left her lately.
Howard, however, was perfect on the phone, and always good for a stimulating conversation. It is a good thing that these talks, which in our earlier days could go deep into the night, were not long distance. They could have bankrupted both of us. Perhaps kindred to it was his admirably cozy way of chairing both the drama critics’ and film critics’ circles, which no one else has ever straddled.
Currently, Dave Hickey is garnering a great deal of attention for his recent show in Las Vegas of artists he finds interesting and of the moment, many of which are his former students. At the same time, Hickey is advocating, and rightly so, many Los Angeles hard edge painters that never received the attention they deserved over the years like Karl Benjamin and Helen Lundeberg. I am fan of Hickey’s writing, but I was hesitant to head to Laguna, where the Las Vegas show currently resides. I thought I would test the waters first by looking at the exhibition's poster-artist, Tim Bavington, at Mark Moore. I was well rewarded.
Carrie Ann: I was frustrated on another WIP and wanted to write about something I knew. I thought about Mel and Kade and wondered what they were up to. The whole thing came on pretty quickly.
The Liberation Through Hearing During the Intermediate State also mentions three other Bardo: those of "life" (or ordinary waking consciousness), of "Dhyana" (meditation), and of "dream" (the dream state during normal sleep).
The company is apparently taking some time to respond to the urgent questions that have been put and it is believed that there may be further delay over the public holiday.
And that brings us to the generation, 2000 and following. What will be their descriptive title? What will be their defining moment and characteristic? Without sounding like a sour old man of a previous generation, will they be the Greediest Generation?
But...hey, do you like Journey? Wait til you hear my new ringtone!
1x05: The Wolf And The Lion = 9/10, 1x06: A Golden Crown = 10/10,
Pharmaceutical sales in Iowa. Easily reachable from much of the map of iowa state fairgrounds of 2008 hit the map of iowa state fairgrounds. Two large car dealerships, several businesses and has the map of iowa state fairgrounds of over 198,000. The state flower is the map of iowa state fairgrounds, the map of iowa state fairgrounds an opening for a third offense are a resident of Iowa casinos looks bright, with more and more casinos appearing and major expansions being planned.
Toy-Teddy Bear (Theodore), Remote control truck
Bring water to a boil for pasta, salt water and cook to al dente.
However . . . at my 41 week appointment, I had some questions for my OB. I have absolutely loved her, and I'm so glad a friend referred her to me! My OB is pretty conservative, medically speaking. She won't even induce first time Mom's unless there is a severe medical condition. So it was encouraging to hear her thoughts on inductions. She was happy to wait it out with me if I wanted to wait for labor to start on it's own. But, I asked her if the success rate of inductions is better in 2nd and 3rd labors. I wanted to avoid a c-section if at all possible. Her response was very encouraging as she said without a doubt, women who are already dilated and have already had babies have a very high success rate both statistically, and in her own experience. Since we were a week away from Thanksgiving, and I didn't want to have a newborn the week of Thanksgiving with family visiting, and I wanted to be sure my Mom could be here for the birth, I told my OB that if I was actually dilated, I would consider being induced the next day since she was on call then.
10. Konzept – Last Night (Special mix) (4:31)
4/3: Media Convergence; Screening: The Animatrix and Matrix Reloaded (2003); Reading: Jenkins, “Searching for the Origami Unicorn” (CV 620-641)
Jennifer Hardy
When: Thursday 17th May
Tracey Hotpants: Don’t say that, Marky, my boyfriend is watching this!
Article 2 The term “places of origin of agricultural products” refers to the relevant regions, in which the plants, animals and microbes as well as their products are produced.
This is my office. Here is Ziva. She likes the warmth from my desk lamp. I had to give her my felted laptop cover to sleep on. Previously she insisted on sleeping on my mouse mat....which made life a bit difficult.
Do you like your bathroom? I can't say that I like mine. The upstairs bath, yes. The downstairs bath, no. Not. At. All. It functions....I guess....but has lots of issues. And, well, frankly, I've reached my limit.
And now here we are
I quickly made a U-turn and tore the side of my tire on the curb.
But since the Divine Miss S began repeating these allegations (from that darned lamestream media), I see a lot of us have collectively dropped that attitude of “Prove it” and now take any government action made in the vicinity of a donation to be more or less proof positive of corruption.
“Yeah, I got a story. One that will make you laugh.” Jake’s stomach rumbled. “Billy Hunt almost got out of here. Somehow he got a ‘roo skin big enough to cover him and bribed his way out to where he’d hidden it. In the dark, he kind of looked like a giant ‘roo. The damn guards spotted him. They was as hungry as us, and they nearly shot him. They beat him near to death. I hear he went insane over at the Separate Prison. You don’t want to go there.”
There is one rather large issue with the game in general though. The maps are simply too small. There are no neutral cities to overthrow along the way and once you get your hero close to maxed out skill wise, you have won the game so you never get to see your beautiful new skills in action. That is the one reason why I have not played it quite as much as I have with heroes 3 but I am having rather high hopes for heroes 6 and I keep my fingers crossed that it will deal with the trouble of large maps in 3D a little better than heroes 5.
I walked into the room and all eyes turned to me. I pretended like nothing had happened and I continued to call him Grandpa Beek.
First up is another old tool box I bought at the flea market
Spent the day at the Louisville Zoo a few weeks ago and still haven't blogged about it. There are several posts that I need to catch up on!!
One of my all time favorites sets is Her Expressions. So easy to use and work around. I just love how delicate it is.
I just put stickers on the front of canning jars filled with candy corn. I have electric tea lights from the dollar store inside but I forgot to light them for the picture! Whoops!
She claims to be horrified by the backlash she has experienced, especially online, as a result of these features. Twitter lights up angrily every time another bit of bluster from Brick finds its way onto the net and the newspaper’s hit counter probably goes into meltdown.
Seeing one little male's vivid luminescent blue dinner jacket under the cucumber-bean trellis was a total hoot. In the dimming light, the hens could only be located by their chirrupy chatter or an occasional shimmer of a corn stalk, or strawberry leaf cluster.
And second, I received some plastic stuff from ebay. Stuff I can´t get here in Buenos Aires because, well, we suck. And since I was ordering abroad, I might as well buy some good products.
It’s a sad fact that most people who do win the lottery wind up blowing it on useless crap. They usually end up back at the same place they started. Wondering what happened to all their cash.
Now I'm not hip with the Seam trading circles (heh! Is there even one?) so I have no idea if this gig saw circulation or not. If it did, I certainly never had it. Well, I only have two other Seam live sets, one of which I recorded myself and eventually we will get to it here.
(Mind the latter, how it’s written.)
Stoned me just like jellyroll–
She is tall and lean built like and athlete. She is fast. She is brave. She is kind to others and is a good student. She makes friends with everyone.
11. I tried phone s*x once, but the holes in the dial were too small.
Harry Potter & the Chamber of Secrets–
Williamson WD, Percy AK, Yow MD, et al. Asymptomatic congenital cytomegalovirus infection: audiologic, neuroradiologic and neurodevelopmental abnormalities during the first year. Am J Dis Child 1990; 144: 1365-1368.
Mayall. wearing a cowboy hat and a shirt so awful it would make Ken Done cringe, drops his pants. Edmondson draws the attention of bemused onlookers to his exposed friend.
Death, sickness, stupidity, bad decisions, the movie Brazil, the book 1984.
Burgundy wrap sweater, Bloch. Green long-sleeved tee, Merona. Green and gold scarf, gifted. Khaki corduroy skirt, London Jean. Brown tights, Target. Brown loafers, Me See (or something like that). Brown purse, thrifted.
Tomato Rice
I wish I could bring you all along. But alas there can only be one winner (who I had to pick at random because it was far too difficult to choose!).
well, now I do!)
Until 3rd January 2010
I was going to take Amma’s retreat, and then my busy-ness took over and the excuses flooded in. I am kicking myself now, although I am grateful to see Swamiji twice this week and Amma for Devi Bhava (the night/mood of the Goddess) which is an all night event where she becomes the embodiment of the Goddess and blesses us all with the energy (Shakti). Yummy!
That I the hope relinquished of the height.
christmas afternoon was spent at church and I was extremely proud we made it on time. but the christmas program was beautiful and it was a nice way to remind our children of the reason for the season.
Winter's look is "Elegance" The bold colors of winter accent the striking color scheme of the season.
5 Your attitude should be the same as that of Christ Jesus:
2 Nobodys Driving 5:03
If you’re truly not satisfied with your GDI income you can still cancel or even better… You can consider the $10/month that you’re spending an investment in your education and experience. Obviously you’re looking for more than education and experience right now but chances are if you’re not where you want to be with GDI you may not be that experienced or knowledgeable with regards to internet marketing or mlm and there’s no shame in that. Everyone has questions when they’re first getting started. $10/month for education and experience beats the cost of any other education out there.
Over a thousand vendors, countless after parties, and two days of testing 2012-13 gear at Winter Park, it’s no wonder the snow sports industry was geeking out for the 2012 SIA Snow Show.
Loss and Gain
Not only had I discovered by then that I didn't think the needle felting project was a good idea, I also learned that while cashmere turns soft and lovely once washed and dried in machines, it does not full or felt. I realized I would be sewing this scarf together and my sewing knowledge is only basic to be sure. We hadn't discussed design, price, anything. A custom order specifics FAIL.
The easiest method to go to Brother printer ink cartridges is at all times to head in the direction of the Brother site on the web. Despite the fact that Brother does not typically market printer ink directly daily consumers, it maintains a simple-to-use directory of stores who do the advertising. To purchase your printer ink through Brother, starts by heading to the materials and listing net page. From there, continue with the hyperlink towards the many retailers selling printer ink on their web page. You can see a button entitled, ‘The place to purchase,’ which is able to get you to some directory for Brother printer ink cartridges. Look for your Brother ink product number of items needed, then press ‘Buy on the internet.’ You may be given a detailed checklist of web stores who’ve your kind of Brother printer ink cartridges available. From there it’s just basically make a choice of selecting your order and waiting for your order of printer ink to arrive.
I should mention here that I bought a single year long membership to Sea World for myself which gave me a HUGE discount on everyones discovery cove tickets this trip, and from the day we spent here back in March at ETAAM. It saved me well over HALF what it normally costs, or else this day definitely wouldn't have been in the budget. Dominick and I opted not to pay the extra fee for the dolphin swim, but Alyssa really wanted to do it.
Yet Obama needs a nail on which to hang his hat, so he’s out on the campaign trail summing up his foreign policy thus—Osama bin Laden is dead. But this approach has hit with such a thud that Obama has been forced to jet around the world for fancy photo ops and parade around Bill Clinton to convince the Democrat base that the current Commander-in-Chief is actually up to the task. Clinton is a strange choice, however, *since he is best remembered as the president who refused to kill bin Laden.* ( *pre 9/11 )
Once Tommy’s father is dead his last tie to the ordinary chump humans of Earth is severed and he’s a good little brownshirt for quite a while. Until something happens. Until the loss of something that matters to him. Maybe he really does finally win Mina’s heart. And maybe he loses her to something the Narrin did. I wonder what will happen to him as a result, and what he’ll leave behind?
As a man who grew up in the swamp, the American knew that an alligator’s first food instinct was triggered by movement. Although the first scout was no longer moving, the American had pushed the dead body in the direction of the alligator. Pitcher, as his young friends had nicknamed him (for the Pitcher plant native to the swamp), also knew that gators were opportunistic feeders – they would eat pretty much anything that looked interesting as long as it was easy to catch. Pitcher hoped the dead body of the scout would provide just such an opportunistic meal for the nearby bull. He needed a few more minutes of time, un-interrupted by alligator attacks, to take the second scout alive.
Pistacchio di Bronte (Pistacchio from Bronte Sicily)
That isn't aweful, but by the time you download the Netflix app and find a movie you wont have enough battery to watch it!
You’ve heard of molecules-to-man, and particles-to-people – now we have “hydrogen into humans”. It all makes the same in the end.
She leaves and is still bored. She comes home.
The submarine disappeared while being tracked by every sophisticated device NATO seems to be able to own or borrow. At least one of those from among the listed agencies was arrested by the local police force in Oxford, their electronic surveillance gear siezed, were confined for 12 hours despite being above arrest and detention as a senior NATO intelligence officer.’
Garnish with lemon slices, cucumber slices or both.
- As long as you understand how something is built, you can draw it.
with long passages about background or travel.
The oil and dirt of machines
from Hallmark press release-
887 ***D-X/7/1984. “A Reading of Raphael’s The School of Athens.” Works of the Mind Lecture Series, The Basic Program, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item B-7, above, pp. 335-61 (1997).)
The denomination in and to which I have given my life's work
So... that means I chose 5 winners.
But all that is clearly too much hassle for the farmer on Common Road. I reckon it was ten years since he last cut those hedges (ironically quite good) - and when the time came that something had to be done, he wasn't going to be worried about the niceties of yellow hammers or bullfinches. Judging by the results of his mechanical flail I don't reckon he's bothered about much in nature at all. He's not only cut the thinner growth, he's slashed the nearby trees, splintered the blackthorn into shards, even smashed his own fences. In all, he reduced the hedge by over six feet.
a) Applicants that have already requested an examination, but for which the examination process has not yet started (i.e., Reasons for Refusal and other
New Year’s Eve 2011 Hollywood Movie Watch Online Full Movie
In this series, four Christian novelists and four nonbelievers will square off. This is not a debate about Christianity. The Christian novelists will write a 750-word blog post on why they write Christian fiction and how they intend to reach the unbeliever, while the nonbeliever will write a 750-word blog post about what they like or don’t like about Christian fiction, citing examples and being specific.
Heard a sermon from a creaky pul pit with no one in the nave
I use a 9x12 pyrex (glass) pan with snap on lid to store the asparagus in the fridge. Amazingly, I've found the asparagus to store and taste great for up to 5 days so you definitely can cook ahead and have a special salad nightly.
She asked how Mthethwa would justify his behaviour while police officers who often put their lives at risk earned next to nothing each month.
Until the current economic climate is stabilized and businesses have some sense of a steady, long-term market, they are going to shy away from investment, small businesses will not grow, and jobs will not be created.
Published over two decades years after the release of Le Corbeau, Shirley Jackon’s terrific short story The Possibility of Evil appears to have been inspired by Clouzot’s film. Both are built around the same premise, an anonymous citizen is writing poisonous letters attacking the townspeople’s misdeeds, in the hope that it will lead them to correct the error of the ways. Instead, in both story and film it creates a climate of paranoia and dis-ease that spreads like a virus, infecting everyone in it path. At first, the townspeople try to ferret out the epistle-writer, but soon grow frustrated with that, and instead turn their paranoid concerns to the most prominent victim of these insidious attacks, Dr. Germain. Complicating our reaction to these events, as the persistent victim of many of these smears, Germain is not a particularly appealing hero. He is cool and aloof, detached and even a little arrogant. And the charges made against him may have merit: Germain just might be guilty. And we just might cheer his fall.
Imagesandwords at optonline dot net
There are actually BNP members and supporters who appear to believe that, for instance, if they make “funny” Nazi salutes at cameras or are filmed giving their child a gollywog, the public will perceive these as ironically humorous gestures.
4. When my best friend Nicole and I get together it's always a fantastic time and great memories are made (we are kinda trouble together...hehehe but it is always good fun!)
Are you facing the same issue?
and all of these little distractions slowly chip away at your focus until you forget what you are supposed to be doing. and your focus becomes fragmented and broken.
Scientists from the University of California, Los Angeles and the Veterans Administration say they "stumbled" upon a possible cure for baldness while researching how stress affects the stomach and gut.
Kath
And I have to say that I believe that a guy who gives up the vast majority of his wealth and a kidney might just actually mean it.
1/2 tsp- pepper powder
Savannah s BFF is improving. She still be attempting bottle feds soon so please continue to pray for her. Baby N goes back for another eye exam in two weeks so pray for him to graduate as well.
Therefore I say unto you, Take no thought for your life, what ye shall eat, or what ye shall drink; nor yet for your body, what ye shall put on. Is not the life more than meat, and the body than raiment? Behold the fowls of the air: for they sow not, neither do they reap, nor gather into barns; yet your heavenly Father feedeth them. Are ye not much better than they? Which of you by taking thought can add one cubit unto his stature? And why take ye thought for raiment? Consider the lilies of the field, how they grow; they toil not, neither do they spin: And yet I say unto you, That even Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed like one of these. Wherefore, if God so clothe the grass of the field, which today is, and tomorrow is cast into the oven, shall he not much more clothe you, O ye of little faith? Therefore take no thought, saying, What shall we eat? or, What shall we drink? or, Wherewithal shall we be clothed? (For after all these things do the Gentiles seek:) for your heavenly Father knoweth that ye have need of all these things. But seek ye first the kingdom of God, and his righteousness; and all these things shall be added unto you.Take therefore no thought for the morrow: for the morrow shall take thought for the things of itself. Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof. Mat 6:25-34
- Brown instead of White Rice
Lukey said the bill was meant to encourage people to speak to the weather service and disseminate their information through the agency.
So happy that he initiates to do it ! :)
When we came together we got in groups and put our puppies in ABC order by their collars. The collars, sight words, and other ideas are all in the unit.
The strange thing about working as a bike messenger is that you don't spend lots of time on your bike. Time is spent in elevators, waiting, moving, signing, dodging, but mostly thinking. In fact you have a surprising amount of time to think about your life and the world around you. It's like a mashup between an exercise routine, unemployment and social security. Low pay, no benefits, all the time in the world to think, but you get to go as fast as you want.
Max:
The Japanese people – that includes both public and the private sector – have about 8 trillion dollars worth of assets overseas.
Forecaster of Fate, Prophetess of the Paranormal, Seer of the Supernatural, Assessor of the Astral Plane
Here are just a few things I received:
Where I exchanged the loan documents for keys and garage door openers! I drove to the house, met truck #1, which realized all their loading equipment- ramps and dollies- were tucked away in van #2 that was still 3 hours away. They persevered, carrying in everything themselves, while I directed and unpacked. This house is almost the same size as our Austin house, but the layout is completely different and it's missing quite a few of our old extra rooms (and nearly ALL of the closets).
Andrew Fisher, 42, New York, N.Y.
Sometimes however it is neccessary to actually buy myself some things. Now that I've lost 25 lbs .. that's twenty-five my pretties!! .. shopping doesn't seem so depressing. My husband and I had a very casual wedding reception to go to this weekend .. yep it was in a barn .. it was very low key! I went out to see if I could find a summer dress thinking they would all be on sale at this time of year .. well I didn't find a dress but I did find some nice tops.
“This announcement is a real achievement coming so quickly after our successful launch into the US craft market last November as Guest Country at the Philadelphia Museum of Art Craft Show. We are now looking to secure further opportunities in Chicago and New York.”
Home Depot had to be the answer (as usual). I bought some Plaster of Paris and drywall tape and applied another layer of tape and plaster on both sides. After a couple of hours in front of a fan, it was stiff and dry.
I did this by filling not one, but two glasses of water and putting them in the fridge to cool off. Nothing helps me cool down as much as cold water INSIDE OF ME, except for maybe getting into a pool of cold water. Since that won’t happen (although there is a cold shower after the workout in my future), I’m doing all that I can.
That’s okay though. ANNNNNDDDD..it’s National Volunteer Month, so I have been busy, busy promoting and doing interviews.
Number 2 Tracey Macdonald
It was almost like they weren’t sure how big this was going to get and got caught a little surprised. Perhaps the conversation sounded a little bit like, this is getting out of control. That’s great what can we give them next.
Okay, I've been talking about it a lot. The reason is that I totally found my creative energy while we were in Maine and there was so much inspiration!
I have read blogs for years, I love reading blogs and have always wondered what I could have a blog about. Would anybody read it. What would I write about. Well there has been plenty for me to write about really but it's finding the time to sit down and actually write. So today, here I sit, looking at my very disorganised house, clutter everywhere and I have to do something about it! So I thought, I will blog about my disorganised life and hopefully it will become organised once again.
The Old Testament is also called the Tanakh or written Torah or the Hebrew bible since it is written/remembered in Hebrew which was/is the language of the Jews. Parts of the bible are in an old middle-eastern language called called Aramaic. (Not the Ethiopian Ahramic.) Religious jews believe that the old testament was given to Moses by God on a mountain called Mt. Sinai. Some orthodox Christians believe that Mt. Sinai is in Egypt but there are alternate locations proposed also.
We've bypassed the troubles of the last attempt at the big PG by a bunch of antibiotics when the grand event occurred, lots of prayer-wheel spinning and holding of breath. Now she's just like a pregnant woman in her third trimester:* she's bloated, irritable, and eats anything and everything that gets within a few feet of her long and very agile nose.
Soon, I will fade
powdered drink mixture.
The island is not very big and can be explored in about two hours at an extremely slow walking pace. Lady Elliot is a bird haven and I counted 20 different bird species with the White-Capped noddy the most prominent.
Mike: I’m going to read now.
So, since I'll be learning about organizational behavior tonight and not sipping on a Guinness I'll just have to relive some of March 2007.
Breaux is about an hour away, just south of Harper’s Ferry. This 1999 Cabernet was still doing very well for its age. It had the berry taste that the back label described, even after 13 years. The smoky oak was still there. DH swore he picked up the anise that the label described, but I didn’t. All in all, a softer version of a young cab, perfect to compliment big, tomatoey tuna with a pesto that stood up and said, look at me.
SMALL STRAWS IN A SOFT WIND by Marsha Burns–02/02/12:
*The "big move" meant leaving behind my beloved standing mixer, so for now I'm hand kneading and mixing. I will still include the directions for using a standing mixer, though. Let's face it, it can be done by hand but it's way easier with a mixer!
And finally . . . I have some exciting news! My daughter Brooke is engaged! My new son (I don't like the term son-in-law) will be Brice Sprayberry and we couldn't be more thrilled! Brice surprised us all when he asked Brooke to be his bride at Battery Park in Charleston on September 15 . . . but I wasn't surprised at all when she said YES! They are the perfect couple and I pray God's blessings on them both for a long, wonderful life together! Thanks for spending a little time with me today! Hope you all have a wonderful weekend....fall is in the air!
When the entire world is converging on a tiny, smashed-up island whose residents are dying every minute, where is official Islam?
(Environmental, Occupational Health & Safety, Security, Social, Quality – Management Consultants)
We all go through things; good and bad. Obviously, I'm having a few bad moments lately (if you hadn't noticed!) but it will get better. I look around and see other people going through far worse situations than I am but they are taking them on with a smile. My mishaps might be small potatoes in the grand scheme of life but in my life they feel like big, fair-prize winning baked potatoes! Today I'm going to start following some other people's lead- I am going to acknowledge my sad moments but I am going to smile and move on. Choose Joy! Tonight, I am having a party with my girlfriends and it is going to be a great day. Each day we are given the great opportunity to start all over again. I started fresh today and I hope you all have a wonderful day!
The Cleaning Kit (her bestseller), lists a combination of all the tasks that should be done in homes in an attractive, easy to use format that will work beautifully for you and your busy family. The lists are designed to be used together - one for rotating tasks to do year round and one for weekly tasks.
Vincent Wollin, murdered on his sixty-ninth birthday.
Don’t worry, don’t you fret
Level 8: MP Cost: 27, 52% chance to cancel the enemy’s buffs, Time between skills: 12 seconds.
While I'm tinkering in the kitchen today with that cake recipe, I will steer your attention to Ghetto Hikes, one of my fave 'new blog' discovery of this year.
Thankfully, the dog dropped the box, and no harm was done
Associated Press China votes with Russia and against the West. This willingness to act in a way so far counter to what would appear to be its normal interest is an important signal. Beijing is sending a message about its evolving attitude toward the US …
Sometimes: I really can't believe that the guys are just as catty as the girls on The Bachelorette.
If you've been following the P.C. or not P.C. strand you may well be glad to know that, for once, the machinery of bureaucracy has coughed and spluttered and lurched in the right direction.
Breads
02. Once
The finished size for this box is 2 1/2" depth x 4 3/4" tall x 6" long.
So Bright, So Strong (Original 12" Mix)
What's the difference? I asked her. Why can't I just keep using the protein powder I've been buying from Target? Here is the difference...this is the nutrition equivalent you get in one shake...
The interns stifled their laughter, and my grin only grew. I couldn’t help it.
What you most definitely don’t want to do return to your table with both hands pressed to your cheeks just after putting a song on the jukebox and then proclaiming loudly “Oh my God! This song is sooooo about me!” and then spend the next three minutes miming the lyrics to ABBA’s Dancing Queen as it plays out around the pub.
Pan" (from 1978's "Lionheart"), keeps a picture of Peter Pan in a
Foster Wheeler AG – Key Competitors 16
I pretty much just endure the rest of the year in order to get to the best part...October through December! Face it, the best holidays occur during this time, the air is crisp, the mosquitoes have gone to bed, I don't have to cut the yard and I can break out the cute boots and sweaters! But most of all, I can decorate the entire house and cook all my favorite cool weather recipes (maybe I'm weird but I have recipes I only cook in the summer and others I only cook in the fall/winter months)...you know, all those yummy apple and pumpkin desserts, stews, soups and turkey!!!
If we aren’t honest enough to admit that K-pop is selling sex, then I think it’s dishonest to act like there’s nothing sexual about dressing a young girl up in the uniforms they wear in K-pop videos.
Nonetheless, social media shouldn’t be driven by making more money. It should be viewed as merely a compliment to the business strategies that have already been working. It isn’t that time consuming and is easier than ever to cross-post on multiple social networks. So why not give it a try and start reaping the benefits of digital interaction?
7. I can't believe I have a four year old daughter and a four month old baby...
Hazen created the custom holographic image and embossed it onto transfer film that was coated in-house. Hazen then metallized the transfer holographic material and transfer metallized the coated two-side NewPage paper stock. The final step involved sheeting and printing the 19×36 inch sheets in register with the holography. Once printed, the cover was bound to the program by Quad/Graphics, Sussex, Wisconsin.
What will it take to get your heart back?
One of the distinctive features of this cheese is the rind. This cheese used to be pushed into molds of plaited esparto grass baskets which left a delightful zig zag pattern on the rind, but nowadays the molds mimic the pattern, maintaining the history of the cheese with every new wheel that is produced. The rind is special also as the cheese develops its own natural rind that is dipped in olive oil or in an approved paraffin that must be removed if it is to be considered authentic Manchengo cheese. Because this guideline is adhered to, every wheel of (authentic) Manchengo cheese you buy, there will be a serial number stamped on the top and bear the label of the Manchengo Cheese Denomination of Origin Regulating Council and the artwork depicting Don Quixote de La Mancha.
Despite this, I found some things to be funny. For example:
The first recipe is a potato curry that has become a staple in our house. I was sure that I had blogged about it before but I cannot find the post so I guess I didn't. It can be spicy or mild depending on the amount of ground mustard and cayenne pepper you use. We like it spicy but not blow-your-brain hot.
But I'm also thrilled. Because this feels like our only chance. And I like chances.
and the fishing-nets of the south,
Lizard's leg, and howlet's wing,--
Wife: What! Did you forget? We are going out for Ice skating tonight? I told you … Don’t you remember!
CINNAMON SWIRL RAISIN BREAD
I have created many line art works for Crafts and Me, and there is something rewarding seeing all of your paintings and sketches in beautiful, black, and clean lines. I knew this past Monday I had to keep painting. Oceana is finished, and I'm still working on the months and another large WIP, but I believe I can do more. With two shows next year (more on that later), I need to be painting!
"You'll like him - he's got great hair."
the gouges and scratches on the top are pretty deep, so i'll see how that goes....
To arrive at my point: No one is talking about BPA in beer cans.
Fell down underneath our Christmas tree
Broadband comes empowered with high bandwidth that is useful in downloading large amount of information within a short period of time. It makes browsing of web pages with all graphics and flash player presentations much faster than ever before. Faster broadband connections can make a huge difference, when it comes to downloading music, videos, movies, software and security updates. You can download a DVD quality movie or a huge software update within a few minutes. You can listen, watch or download music and video just by visiting online music web sites or VoD services. For example, mp3.com or online radio channels offer you streaming music in CD quality or you may just purchase your favorite music from online iTunes stores as possibilities are wide open with broadband. It is not just that, as Video on Demand and IPTV services come out with videos that you can watch in full screen mode just like your home TV or just you can download the contents for viewing later.
If you phone a publishing company and ask the name of the commissioning editor for the list you are interested in, you may or may not be given it. I've been refused the email address of a commissioning editor by a telephone-answering Hitler. Even when I told her I'd already published more than 50 books of the same type, she was reluctant to give it to me. Funny way to run a business, employing staff to make it difficult for the buyers to acquire the product they sell. But then, publishing is a funny business.
What about humor and laughing? Can it be used to regulate our emotions in responses to stress? Folk wisdom says laughter is the best medicine and that humor soothes the soul. Indeed, while looking for media to use for a research project, I came across the stand-up comedy of Richard Pryor (yes, this was for a scientific pursuit, I promise!). Infamous for his raunchy, ground-breaking routines about race relations and sex, it came as a pleasant surprise when I heard his take on romantic relationships and heartbreak. In fact, watching Pryor’s exaggerated imitation of a heartbroken man accidentally wandering into the street and getting hit by a bus made me laugh so hard that I immediately sought out other comedic routines about relationships (Louis C. K., Kevin Hart, and the late, great, Patrice O’Neal are
My first task for the day was to head up & back down Cane Creek trail. It's about 1.5 miles from Campsite #2 up to the park boundary. I left my pack hanging from the bear cables at the campsite and just took some snacks and water with me. The trail is an old road and is wide and rutted, but passes through beautiful woods.
"Gah! You brat, get off," he said, when she flumped down next to him and laid her head on his shoulder. He shrugged to dislodge her, but she just moved with him and gave him a grin. "Can't you see I'm working here? Some of us have to study."
So when I read this article (nearly a year ago, now), I was not the least bit surprised. I'm just surprised it took this long (and that I didn't get the idea out there first). It is a brilliant idea, given the fact that kids grow out of things so quickly (many of the clothes that we received often still had the tags on them!). Although now it seems the website has gone silent. A Marketing Opportunity for the Brave Astronaut!
Knowing when to start (your part of the) conversation is important, especially because that includes you expanding on the other person’s idea but with things that won’t cause a ‘wtf’ reaction or ‘ytf’ reaction, or anything close to that. We’ll call the transition part, the transition. Simple enough.
Sidewalks is definitely a collection I am drawn back to again and again. I NEED to stockpile that yellow gingham paper. It is definitely a fave!
There’s just one problem: Not only are the junta’s members still occupying Mali’s political stage, but they may have no intention of leaving it anytime soon.
so I e-mail her regularly asking her what sorts of things
But, of course, my professional life isn't my whole life; if that was the case, I would be a very shallow person indeed. No, my personal life could probably use some improvement. If I have resolutions for the new year, the bulk of them would be related to changes I'd like to make in my way of living, my personality and my interpersonal relationships.
while I sucked my thumb and mewled
Here’s a table that I saw in the showroom. Beautiful!
———————————————————-____
Now Cheney, who was part of a fairly despised administration, it running around the country holding himself as the spokesperson for a humiliated political organization demanding we send more troops to Afghanistan. He has criticized the current administration as timid. Personally I think Obama's evaluation process is sound. Why would we want to put one more American life at stake when we have no assurances the political governance of the country we are fighting in will be stable going forward, is even is today.
knotted string - 2 colors
Delicious Thanksgiving meal...the weather was so nice that we were able to set up some tables outside. Note the gigantic turkey leg in Lucy's hand and her expression. In typical fashion, Christian made a comment about how he thought it was awesome she was eating a turkey leg, Lucy hated the attention that caused and became sort of pouty for the duration of lunch:
Waiting for him to start kindergarten.
Yowza-- I'm excited about today's post! I have two more indie polishes to share with you. These two were made my Whitney at Elemental Styles. Each of Whitney's polishes are named after Elements (hence the name). I have E=mc^2 and Actin-ium My Age to share with you today..
A couple of months ago I decided to do an experiment. Not out of boredom, but for a purpose. It was blog writing time. Pastor Chris and I belong to a group where we blog on the same topic every week. His is chrislogan.blogspot.com; mine is heyyoulady.blogspot.com. The topic for that particular week was, “What is seen in the light.” My experiment was to shut off the lights and put on a blindfold, then write my post, typing blindfolded. Here are some of my reflections of my time in the absence of light.
Participants can attain the eligibility required for the green associate accreditation through experience or by taking a study course. They then write a knowledge-testing exam. The Canada Green Building Council is offering exam preparation courses and other courses meeting the exam’s eligibility requirements, at 18 post-secondary institutions across the country.
Greetings can sometimes throw me off- like when someone asks, "How you going?" How am I going? By train? Oh... "I'm going good." I'm sure hearing "How you doing?" could be just as strange to Aussies.
Ok, but back to the real reason I am writing this post:
Are you willing to be beaten rather than deny your faith?
God wants to give you the strength to rise above them and refuse to allow your circumstances and environment to determine the level of the life you live. He wants to be your strength and source. He wants to give you the ability to be stable and steadfast in good times and in bad!
I once rode 100 miles on my bicycle in one day and couldn't sit down for a week
Every plan this week reverts to Plan B, then C, and when Plan G evaporates in a puff of snow, you give up and watch afternoon TV.
Oh yes, retaining Latinos on STEM tracks isn’t just about the prospect of better paying careers, it’s about the projected population of Latinos in the US.
As the diagram says I had a small gap at the back that made it easier to fix the splash back to, but you can just fix to what's there, I used a thicker piece of wood to fix the splash back to, mainly because I wanted a little extra strength along the back of the kitchen.
*You can cut this recipe in half if you don't want to make as much.
8 catalogs
Stitched over 2 on 32 ct. Picture It Plus fabric in Gothic
A short time later, police surrounded the restaurant, and 35-year-old Robert Read, the manager, offered himself as a hostage to spare the others. The three took him up on his offer and held him at gunpoint as they tried to escape.
the chisel has fallen hard upon my knuckles
We celebrated Chelsea's birthday early...as a family..because her actual birthday was in Iowa...without, Dad and the 3 little ones!
2008 Crémant de Limoux, Cuvée Audace – 17.50€
-oil
At the beginning of living away you spend a lot of time comparing your new home with your old home. Moving to a first world country as I did, you marvel at how life is more comfortable, services more efficient, the future more predictable. You feel more acutely all the many inferiorities of your old life.
Now there are more changes as sites such as Facebook and Flickr mean that photographs are easily available to everyone. I have to keep a keen eye on Facebook along with everyone else to see the first images. This is wonderful, but also means that we cannot keep images exclusive to those who perhaps 'deserve' to see them first. The hardworking Area Co-ordinators and drivers who are the driving force behind getting the boxes to the children should perhaps be the first to see the first child get a box, but it is sadly no longer possible to do this. Such is progress: we re-balance our expectations to accommodate changes which can only be to the good.
Ghost of November
Kyle Alisharan as Alex Pineda who appeared as Baggage Handler in Snakes on A Plane
I like both versions myself:
If only, oh if only, such vigilance and momentum were reached when NDAA was proposed! (I would say the same for the Patriot Act, but it seems the momentum was tragically reversed to support it -- after all, as Goering stated prior to his Nuremburg trials, "...the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same way in any country." (emphasis mine). Indeed it does, and how can anyone hope to combat such a pervasive idea?
After discussing the practical difficulties in translation, as each language has some etymological nuances that cannot be exactly translated, he explained the importance of translation with the following examples:
Ok, so who remembers The Laa’s? Great song, unfortunately it will be stuck in my head for the rest of the week now! The reason for the slightly obscure title (other than my titles generally are rather obscure. No wait, my whole blog is rather obscure. I digress.) is I am trying to get the hang of colouring hair.
unnoticed---we all shared in the fun and in the happiness
09/06/2011 SELL 0.01 usdchf 0.82308
Papers are requested on the representation of race in Brazilian media, literature, film, language and art. Interdisciplinary approaches especially welcome. Abstracts of 150 words and a CV by 5 March 2011; Kathryn M. Sanchez (ksanchez2@wisc.edu).
It is a hauntingly prophetic fable that turns the future into history and suggests that the archaic might be our eerie future.
Many of my favourite actors to work with have been my fellow theatre cast mates from theatre productions I’ve done over the years. But in film and TV, I have been fortunate, too, and some of my favs are Hilary Swank – she’s incredibly focused. Our scenes were so intense. I learned so much from working with her on ‘The Reaping’. I loved working with Minnie Driver and Eddie Izzard on the FX TV series ’The Riches’. They are both such lovely spirited people, and were so devoted to that project. But my favourite star so far would have to be Brooke Shields, with whom I just finished working on ‘The Hot Flashes’. She is so sweet and down-to-earth, and really such a talented actor. She’s at the top of my Fav List right now, for sure.
-construction paper (any color...I used green)
“You are so full of shit.” She bent down, grabbed her bag, and held it in front of her like a life preserver. “What signals?”
1 linings
And speaking of Brutal...
***WARNING! ADULT SITUATIONS AHEAD!***
Some days all I can feel is overwhelming happiness and glee at my own joy.
Guilt is a common place for me to live. I know it well.
It occurred to me that I haven't done one of those giant trade posts that everyone loves so much in quite awhile. It also occurred to me that I am on vacation this week. Why on earth have I not realized that vacation is the perfect time for a giant trade post?
Anyway, the hook that got me in the Keeping Bees book was a recipe for fondant for feeding bees when pollen and nectar are scarce (or as the case is here, non-existent). I tried the recipe soon after we came home, but it was a flop. Does this:
As promised, I must now throw the prizes at homeless people, which I will do indirectly by donating them to Goodwill.
There are about 30 blogs that I have yet to look over and categorize on top of the ~300 Related Blogs from the original lists. They’re all pending while I work on:
PORT ELIZABETH: Elderly man attacked, assaulted and tied up in Luneville Street.
This was the dessert special of lemon gelato, pistachio soil, and beet puree. That's black pepper on the meringue pieces. This dessert has also inspired me to make another macaron flavor out of it. Black pepper, lemon, pistachio, and beets.
I'd love to hear from you about your experiences with shame. Were you shamed as a kid? How does it affect you as an adult? Do you struggle with trying not to shame your kids? Do you find yourself focusing so hard on parenting well, that some of those bad habits manifest in your marriage instead? Comment please!
Thanks to Dee at THE REDHEADED STEPCHILD OUT OF THE BASEMENT and SAY ANYTHING for creating the very appropriate logo for the Blogging From A to Z April Challenge. I'm not too swift when it comes to doing these things but I loaded it on my sidebar right there at the top. I encourage all of you who are participants to add it to yours as well so you can be clearly be identified as such. Thank you Dee-- I put both of your sites in the sidebar because I could and because you made the logo for us. I encourage everyone who sees this to go to Dee's site and participate in her Taboo Tuesdays or Saturday Sharing -- these are both opportunities to promote your blogs.
Aren’t I nice?
Batch sparged at 170F
On the amusing side: More sad people who have nothing better to do and fancy themselves detectives of the net left messages for me in the comments section that I deleted but will tell you what they said: three people who think they know who I am; I am now three different people am I, eh? Now they claim I am in either Arizona, San Diego, or Mexico — oddly, Jim Stone is in Mexico on the run from the Cabal, maybe they still think I am Jim Stone? My response: Keep trying, people, but the fact is: you are not good enough, you are not smart enough, you have fallen into every trap I set up to keep you guessing, to keep you confused, to make you convinced you have stumbled onto something which is horse puckey, all that keeps you far far away. Why are you so obsessed with unmasking me? Have you nothing better to do? I have been accused of being at least 15 different people now, none of them even close, and many quite a distance away. I am here to tell you: you are delusional, psychotic, pathetic, and in need of psychiatric care; please.
*For cookies I used Nabisco Chunky Chips Ahoy. You'll need 26 cookies for this recipe.
New Glarus Brewing Company Uff-da
- Noel Vegan Fitness Star
Do you see only in color
Pour over your figs, then put a small know of butter into each fig. Put into a hot 200C oven for 12-15 mins until bubbling & fragrant. Pour over good ice cream...or bad ice cream, or any ice cream you want. It will be divine either way.
So Molly gestated and kicked and hiccuped for 9 months, and finally it was time to see what we'd made. My doctor won the VBAC battle, and I was scheduled to be induced at 8:00 a.m. on December 1st, 1995. Leaving 1 1/2 year old Charlie in the capable hands of my former mother-in-law, Big Daddy and I set out for the hospital.
52. Find a church that suits me.
It was not like this originally but I’ve had people looking at me when I’d go to play or shop with the other trainees. The reason is, as I had my Sundays off, I would get dressed up and then go out to play. Hahaha.
A brilliant dark comedy that lambasts everyone and everything. It has a simple theme, you’re an idiot if you didn’t already know that cigarettes were harmful and you’re an idiot to defend them and you’re an idiot to attack them—grow up and take responsibility for your own actions. Lobbyists, politician, the press, the public are all shown to be the idiots they are…and if there is one thing that isn’t funny about this movie is that it isn’t that far off from reality.
a package of ready-made puff pastry dough (found in the frozen food section in most supermarkets)
It’s 7:00p.m. on a friday night and all of your friends have decided to accumulate at the local watering hole for some drinks and maybe a few laughs (possibly at your expense). Are you going out? Hell no. Have you seen the bathrooms at those type of places? It is inconceivable at how you are going to be able to relieve yourself, particularly in the presence of such weekend crowds.
3. It doesn’t matter how comfortable you are in the woods during the day. At night, that shit gets CREEPY. Especially when you have to go to the outhouse at three in the morning. Especially when the pack of coyotes has been hunting close to camp. Especially when rut has started and the bucks are getting stupid and sounding like something out of Clive Barker’s pet store. Especially when you spent the last twenty minutes lying in bed listening to THINGS stomp and creep around your camp, and finally you decide to take the revolver with you to the outhouse, because otherwise you are going to pee in the sleeping bag.
Tufty the Cat
until half of the races of men shall be gone.
the years it takes off of them and the money it
A Facebook friend of mine, Jack, put the following post on his Facebook page. Rather than comment there, I decided to steal his post and make a new post for the Grouch. Here is Jack’s original post:
Embossing on sun, clouds and water: Cuttlebug
my head was numb, the rest of me was on fire, and that's how I ended up with rare prime rib, and chocolate cake on my plate, your honor.........
Max: 132
Focuses on the disappearance of honeybees around the world, particularly in the U.S., and what kind of effect systemic pesticides may play in this epidemic.
Pushing budget cuts and pension changes at the same time could create political problems jeopardizing pension reform, according to one legislator with knowledge of negotiations but not authorized to talk on the record.
It was hard being a gypsy at the best of times Jessenia knew that, but this was worse. Her family had come from Romania long ago and had put up with many taunts and suspicions from an old world that should have understood to a new world that didn’t want to understand. A world they had refused to accept. Their world had consisted of their colorful caravan and travelling but not anymore. The authorities had stepped in and told them ‘to move on or settle down like normal people.’ Normal people she wondered what were they. She had always thought she was normal.
I felt her there today. I was telling her about my friend - Jill knew her too, and this friend was an important part of her battle with cancer - I told Jill I was worried about my friend, and I asked her to go there and watch over her for awhile. At that moment, I felt a hand touch my shoulder, and I had an almost overwhelming feeling of peace come over me. When Jill was alive, whenever I talked to her about something I was worried about, she would always put her hand on my shoulder, and look me in the eyes and tell me that everything was going to be alright. And she had a certain way of saying it that just made me believe her, and it would instantly make me feel like everything was going to be alright. That was what I felt at the cemetery today, and it's not the first time that has happened. I wrote about it here awhile back too. I know it sounds like wishful thinking, or my mind convincing me I felt something that wasn't real, but I swear to you I felt her presence there. It was sudden, and startling, and she was there, I know she was.
I used to take one verse, cherry pick it, turn it into a club and beat the piss out of someone for not seeing what I see in the verse. You know.. the correct way of interpreting it and then using it as a rule to leave by.
Headley was the “Black Bradman” and Zaheer Abbas was the Asian Bradman; Hobbs was the greatest before Bradman and Tendulkar is the best since. But there is only one true Bradman- the Don himself. Statistically, technically and by the virtue of sheer aura, nobody comes anywhere close to the great Donald Bradman. He is a benchmark in the game- the basis on which each and every great batsman is measured, regardless of the nationality or playing style. They argue that he never played one-dayers but conveniently forget that he played his Tests like one-dayers as well (his strike rate is only inferior to Gilchrist, Sehwag and Richards). Bradman was a one-man army, an unstoppable run machine that was world class even on a bad day. He announced his arrival in the 1930 Ashes, obliterating his rival Wally Hammond’s record of most runs in a series by scoring 974 runs in 5 Tests at 139. The English were so petrified that their captain Douglas Jardine devised the leg theory (popularly known as Bodyline) to counter the Don’s scoring.
A couple of people have asked me to do a best and worst of Schwarzenegger’s films, so here it is starting with the best and for an ex bodybuilder from Austria he hasn’t done bad at all with some of these films being my favourite action films of all time.
Easter weekend was designed to make anyone in the hospitality industry feel like a social recluse. So I went to (cue pompous accent) Kearsney College for their rugby festival this weekend all the way in the Rupublic of Hillcrest. It was great, if getting lost in a sea of La Coste and Range Rovers is your thing. Every pre-pubescent jackass with a vest was there with cardigans, v-neck-look-at-my-shaven-chest-shirt and their R50 Mr Price sunglasses. Yes, I’m talking about you, idiot that was working in the BOSS ice tea stand. You knob. Oh and by the way, I see these days that shorts, are now actually short. Really short. I’ve never been so grateful to be an 80′s baby.
Now wait a minute! He was talking to the Jews, the people of the covenant and He is calling them evil. Who does he think he is? These are God’s chosen people; these are the people of the book, of the temple and of the law. I mean if he wants to call the Gentiles evil that’s fine but to dare to call the Jews who understand the nuances of all the ceremonial sacrifices and cleansings and who observed the Sabbath. Why would he call them evil?
I scanned my shelves and found two then turned to amazon. The title got my attention (family name) but the tag line grabbed me. I went the whole year without reading any of the books on my list, failing the reading challenge.
The book is interestingly organized. There are chapters on Buttery Cookies, Chocolaty Cookies, Fancy Cookies, Fruity Cookies, Spicy Cookies and Nutty and Seedy Cookies. Readers will find many traditional recipes for Snickerdoodles, Thumbprints, Shortbread and Brownies, but there are many other unusual cookie species to explore as well. I am looking forward to making some delicate Green Tea Cookies and Alfajores (buttery sandwich cookies filled with dulce de leche) in the New Year, for sure!
Halt greenfield development: the countryside is a rural heritage, which we wish safeguarded for future generations. Rural development creates congestion, noise, pollution, expensive
Sat.-Sun., Oct. 21-22: North by Northwest Oktoberfest — We always enjoy this one. I don't think I've fully sung the praises of this brewpub nearly enough. Their food and beer both are excellent, and this event always has a nice strong bock (among other choices), tasty German food, polka bands, and activities for the kids. Any event that lets me drink beer while my kids have fun is a good thing. Which leads me to my don't-miss event of the year …
And for those who have reached out personally… those of you who went to great lengths to figure out how to communicate with me (sorry it was so hard… I will seriously consider posting an email address…) …. your stories inspire me! … and through sharing you have reminded me that none of us are alone in our journey… blessings to you, I am truly touched!
But I’ll have many more when the garden really starts to go downhill. But by then I’ll be potting up bulbs and won’t care too much.
8-Kids never go to sleep when you want them too!
The 599 colleges that submitted greenhouse gas inventories reported CO2 emissions of 28 million metric tons, roughly as much as 2.58 million homes’ or 5.2 million passenger vehicles’ annual output. Three hundred and twenty six institutions set a target of achieving climate neutrality by 2050 or before, whilst 100 members have pledged neutrality by 2030. The ACUPCC is the third largest buyer of renewable energy credits in America, purchasing more than 1.28 billion kilowatt-hours annually.
All those normal pieces of her life were stolen from her the night her family was murdered. Shocking revelation, simply stated. Gets the facts out clearly and concisely, and sets up a big part of the plot. This has all happened in just four sentences. A lot of information in a brief pitch. Brevity is good.
Sony SDX4-200C, AIT4 mp3 may seamlessly retain 200GB data. Native capability associated with The new sony AIT4 capsule is equivalent to those of LTO2 mp3. However AIT4 tape capsule holds more levels of compacted data, that is 520 GB. It has occurred feasible through increasing the data compressing capability of AIT-4 drives to two.6:1. Compressed storage capability of LTO ultrium2 cartridge is 400 Gigabyte. Sony AIT-4 hard disks may efficiently backup 86.Four Gigabyte native data, therefore fulfilling the requirements associated with business course automatic at the greatest cost.
Crossgates & Whinmoor
I had to break down and get a pound o’ Chessex dice. At least two other people in the group got a bag over he holiday season and my jealousy knew no bounds. Plus, I needed to replenish the barrel o’ dice I keep at the table for those unfortunates without dice of their own. This pound just about doubled my collection. It is a pretty nice set, mostly of multi-color solids. tons of D20s including a series of grey and yellow high rollers.
She bursts out laughing and I hear her say the words “you” and “penis”, but that’s all I can make out. I’m horrified. Now she’s going to tell all her friends about it and they’re going to laugh too. It’s not like I wanted to see his nasty thing. Ugh!
Some of you may already be super familiar with HTML, but to some of you, it may look like a completely incomprehensible foreign language. If that is the case, allow me to help break down some of the very basic components of HTML. Manipulating the HTML within your blog can help you enhance your posts.
One of the greatest lessons in yachting history might be learned from your Fastnet tragedy, many sailors died in storm conditions by abandoning perfectly fine boats and becoming into life rafts, only for rescue teams to find most of the distressed vessels being floating safely, completely crewless for the days, following storm. This speaks of perception and capability to cope.
5. Twenty Boy Summer Sarah Ockler
21. People = Shit
Here are some of my favorite under $30 pieces that anyone can enjoy:
In July, Kevin Sack at the New York Times wrote that during the 2008 campaign and the runup to the passage of Obamacare, Obama had “mischaracterized a central anecdote about his mother’s deathbed dispute with her insurance company,” leaving “the clear impression that his mother’s fight was over health benefits for medical expenses.” In other words, he made audiences believe that his mother didn’t have health insurance as she fought ovarian cancer, when she did. There’s a three-letter word for this. It begins with “L,” ends with “E,” and has the ninth letter of the alphabet in the middle.
She lets her hair down and she really comes alive
When we discovered I was pregnant with Alexa, I had not long graduated from University, and actually, was still not employed. I fell into a retail job within a few days of finding out our news and naturally once we had settled ourselves on really going for it with the whole parenting thing I had a call. Not just any call but a call about "the dream" paid graduate intern job at a children's charity in London I'd applied for before I'd even finished final exams...always the way with me! Not taking the chance and attending the interview regardless of being pregnant has never been a regret of mine-i'm a firm believer of everything happening for a reason-but sometimes I will have moments of mild panic...
I think if we really slowed down or stopped we’d get in such a headspin we wouldn’t know how to get out of bed.
Ink: Wisteria Wonder, Concord Crush
WWW.HUP.HARVARD.EDU BLOG: HARVARDPRESS.TYPEPAD.COM TEL: 800.405.1619
Rick Perez with the Texas Association of Tejano Artists claims that Norteño music is turning people away from Tejano music. “We used to have everyone listening to our music. Everyone. You know, first they come and take our jobs. Now they’re taking our music. What is this? We were here first.” When asked if anti-immigrant sentiment played a role in this issue, Perez became defensive, “Hey, I’m not a wetback. I was born and raised in Texas. This is the home of Selena.”
Did you watch Reading Rainbow as a kid?
in my Thich Nhat Hanh calendar
1. Chocolate Raspberry Truffle Torte--The deep chocolate flavor and silky texture of this torte will make you swoon. And the eye-popping and taste bud-bursting raspberries don't hurt either.
Hospitality and Refreshments: Fine. Bar with all kinds of drinks, reasonably priced for the location. The loos were working, supplied, and reasonably clean except for a far-too-small bin, and the taps worked properly.
French writer, photographer and artist Claude Cahun (1894 - 1954) is quite new to me. I have most certainly seen some of her photos before, but I didn't know until recently that she was one of the first to experiment with her persona in self portraits. Her current exhibition at the Jeu de Paume in Paris is the perfect opportunity to get to know her work better. When seeing it, I immediately felt connected to her sense of surrealism, the way she disguises herself and the play with photomontage. Some of her images also reminds me of pictures that has influenced me through the years. A personal look back:
I'm always on the lookout for custom rug options. I bookmarked Custom Cool a while back after seeing their store featured in a fall issue of Elle Decor, but for whatever reason I didn't delve into their site until recently. After hundreds of clicks, I'm now very well acquainted with their creations and I couldn't be more excited about this new resource.
see the joy in the world around us,
decoupages extra piece coloured with copics
Elizabeth M Schneider & Stephanie M Wildman (2011) Women and the Law Stories (Foundation Press)
The Jawa Report
A politician accidently tweeting a picture of his weiner, with a last name of Weiner.. really??
So keeping with the competition theme, this year I was invited by Baking Mad to go head to head with 14 other bloggers. The challenge was to create my ultimate Valentines treat, using a minimum of 3 ingredients from a mystery box of goodies I was sent.
If this sounds easy, then the point of musicality was perhaps lost. In the four steps above, music, was the only element that was repeated four times. Your students have just taken up a musical instrument -- their bodies, and it will take a lifetime to become great musicians of this fine instrument.
Seriously, we talked families and life.
management
Initial testing has began on Frutorious. Our brave pioneer tester RiK is specially trained for dangerous situations and was therefore the obvious choice for this sort of extreme early testing.
She is taking her ugly duckling status hard. She shrieks her Skeksis complaint call at everyone and everything. The serama have taken to hiding from her, and even the other pekins are giving her a wide berth. The newspaper on the coop floor feels the brunt of her temper, and she is spending a lot of time shrieking in the coop and flinging strips of mutilated broadsheet out of the pop hole door. The others wisely let her go to bed first, and only venture in to the coop when she's settled down to sleep. No one risks perching next to her. To add insult to injury, I have smothered her in mite powder as a precaution. So now she looks like a middle aged, balding goth with dandruff. It's a hard look to rock, frankly.
What to include?
Well here comes the critical part which was a rather hilarious affair. Out of a whim of fancy, I googled my name while I was having my internship after hearing from my colleague about how the company did background checks on her previously. My curiosity was piqued.
Negotiating: Purchase of ring and earrings after walking out of the shop TWICE even though we really wanted the items/ Marrakesh
You can hear that interview if you wish at the following link provided:
My own daughter, 14 years old. I suggested maybe going every other year makes more sense. Would give her more time to save. Would give her more freedom. She said she was going, would raise the money. (and she almost has!) She tried out for color guard at school but told them she would not be on the team if it meant giving up church activities or her China trip. How many 14 year old girls are willing to do that?
At U’CHIQUE Body Sculpting we make use of Ultra sound and Radio frequency equipment to help you to reduce the appearance of lines and wrinkles in the frown area, forehead, crow’s-feet, the mouth area and your neck. Our treatments also help to create symmetry by lifting the eyebrows and help to tighten your skin to help with asymmetrical lines that start to form on the rest of your face and chin line.
Oh well, I LOVE MY LIFE, and have learned how to "read" others and adjust - so as not to scare them away from me.
I didn’t sleep too well that first night, and was up about 6am sitting on a deserted beach. The solitude was magical, it was just the sort of place I’d dreamed of walking Harry, but never did. Think what you may, but to this day I’m convinced I felt him leaning against me while I sat there, perhaps we did finally walk that beach together.
Today’s tips included this great fact: If you want to keep up with the Joneses, be prepared to go into debt.
Spain, Germany and Denmark from time to time, and seasonal beers
To get to the bakery/takeout section, you have to walk through an international newsstand, bookstore and gift store fobbing the likes of Hello Kitty, Shu Uemura, Marc Jacobs and Kiehl’s (I can’t get away from the stuff). The takeout lunch selection was similar to Cojean, my new favorite lunch spot, but not as good and a little more expensive. So why ever would I return? The drugstore has one important and dangerous advantage: Pierre Hermé macaroons! Merde. I’m in trouble.
Incredibly, this July sees the fifteenth anniversary of the release of Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone and the quest to find the biggest HP fan. The ultimate winner gets a family trip to Wizarding World. It's also the tenth anniversary of Neil Gaiman's Coraline and the book will come out in a new edition illustrated by Chris Riddell.
28. Elbow - Teardrop (4:05)
1500 - 4:17.85 - Tina Krebs, Clemson - '85
Therefore the God of Deut. 6:4,5 is the Father, the same God , who in Isaiah, says that beside Him there is none else.
(yields 24 pieces)
Create your own life
to me from Brasil.
shinning in my heart. Therefore, my life is illuminated with the glory of your
I tried to make this blog user friendly as possible considering that Im not great at technical stuff either, so I hope you all are able to breeze through my blog without a problem. Please be sure to check the individual tab sections located above. I've decided to add a music playlist to my blog because I enjoy listening to music everywhere and hope I can express and share with you more about me and what I love aside from crafting.
Leno dipped his apple in the honey, and took a bite. He got a big round of applause.
For Grungy Monday we went back in time to 2009 day 3 of the 12 tags of Christmas by Tim Holtz, and this time the technique was to create a plaid pattern with alcohol inks. I didn't use Glossy Cardstock but I used Glossy Photo paper that you can use for the laserprinter. It works just as good with the techniques that I've tried it so far, and is much more affordable :).
So a little about my new venture. Don't get too excited ladies, its only a summerhouse, but its my summerhouse (have always wanted one in the garden), or at least while I pay for it! It is inside the premise of Bay Tree Farm Garden Centre . There are 5 similar units there, only 2 others occupied, a wool shop and a lovely glassware shop, but hopefully the other units will soon be taken, and they are planning to add more if it takes off. The units have been their since November so its a new venture and its still very quiet, but I believe that with better advertising it may take off. I have been to the garden centre at least 3 times since November, and did not realize they had the shopping village there!!!!
ROMPER STOMPER/1992/RUSSELL CROWE
Oh yes, they're opened by the Spa Esprit group who also owns 40 Hands, Open Door Policy, House, Tippling Club, Skinny Pizza.... WOW.
I, on the other hand was lost in thought about promises.
Carrie Etter presents
Sunday nights were popcorn nights. Yup, I would just have popcorn for dinner (and leftover popcorn for breakfast on Monday morning). I never made breakfast and didn’t even brew my own coffee. Friends joked that my kitchen was just there for show but that wasn’t true. I did cook for my dog, except when she ate take-out too (hanging head in shame).
So. To business. Here is my two step plan that may or may not propel you into personality cult status.
“This is good, and it is pleasing in the sight of God our Savior, who desires all people to be saved and to come to the knowledge of the truth. For there is one God, and there is one mediator between God and men, the man Christ Jesus, who gave himself as a ransom for all, which is the testimony given at the proper time. For this I was appointed a preacher and an apostle (I am telling the truth, I am not lying), a teacher of the Gentiles in faith and truth. (1Ti 2:3-7)”
This weekend we ate more (still stuffed), played harder (the girl scraped her face off falling off a skateboard....she'd dainty like that), and stayed up later than normal (stuck in a heated game of Sorry....we are party animals!)
He breathed on the black glass, and her image swirled to life. Raven haired and beautiful, she looked at least twenty years younger than when she had died.
It's not to say I'm without guilt entirely when I wave goodbye for a night or pack their cute little kids-size suitcase full of clean underwear for a weekend. But one thing that keeps me going are the email updates from my parents--the quick descriptions of who's getting a face painted, who's dancing on the "stage" at Barnes + Noble, who's picking fat peas from the garden, who's eating her seventh pancake, who's the new Mayor of Central Park, who's destined for a future in comedy.
Blaschka: Glass creatures of the Ocean – An Illustrated History of The Natural History Museum (NHM), London Collection
Phoenician Sailor, and the latter is not wholly distinct from Ferdinand
Rising up to take the place
"If I don't have enough money to pay for my shoes, can you loan me some money?"
Unless you get all dressed up and drag your three children to the
I have new projects I want to tell you about. That requires time.
Plate your poached eggs. You may, or may not, wish to slice open the yolk and allow some to cascade down your plate. Garnish with tarragon, pepper, and a drizzle of mac oil. Dish up some fat sprouts and happy piggy.
“You need to be widely read; you need to be exposed. Your mind must be open or else you won’t succeed.”
In the Pretoria High Court, opponents of the tolling system yesterday scored the first - and crucial - victory in the legal battle to derail the implementation of the controversial scheme.
Before the march turned violent, some of the demonstrators acknowledged that Putin’s March election win was a blow to morale.
2 tales
Program of the Year
Currently Michigan holds the manufacturing skills to produce wind turbines and can benefit significantly economically from wind energy. This pioneering in wind technology in Michigan can help create jobs, make access to energy more economical and benefit the environment. “Why export” and lose out of this powerful opportunity to change Michigan’s economy.
A Beautiful Sign- Hidden Pictures: Explore Hidden Treasures in God’s Word Grade 1-3 by Linda Standke, page 4
I received it and flipped through the pages. It wasn’t mine. A photo slipped out from the back as I handed it back to him. I looked at it as it landed on the front porch. I picked it up and saw a picture of me with another woman on my left.
I’m opening a challenge to my readers today. I’ve had to take some time off drinking beer due to travel and a pinch of sickness, but its wearing off and I’m getting thirsty. I have one update to do from my trip. After that one comes out, however, I’m getting right back at the task at hand. 1 beer at a time.
The “Relive Every Single Fucking Mistake You Have Ever Made Until You Are Trapped Within Your Own Personal Hell” Hell
K and I watched the game at home with some grilled steaks and veggies. It was definitely an intense and fun game, except for the last 20 minutes. I feel like the timbers lose their mojo at the end of every game. They need more endurance… A bigger will to win!
Suddenly, I popped up to the surface and I could get a breath again. Wow. That was important. But I was swimming as hard as I could and I was getting farther from the wood thing. I tried and tried!
Habbit (Orlando)
We ate at Crackle Barrel and we helped the make the longest porch. Every picture that is sent in, Crackle Barrel will send so much money to the Operation Freedom soldiers. It is a really neat thing to do!
Moalusi says he believes the paper has found such a big readership because it goes beyond being an ordinary newspaper. "We get involved. Our readers are not objects that we write about...we use our widespread circulation to say: ‘Let's get issues known. Let's get issues solved... If we win these battles, then we know we are much appreciated. If we lose them, then we fight even more - and that's what newspapers should be about."
Simon - His natural shyness seems to amuse her and she will often go over to his desk and talk. Simon the gets incredibly embarrassed and has sent me secret text messages saying make her leave. Favourite Simon quote, "She terrifies me!"
Racked: 04-24-2009
Firstly, I will now undermine you all by telling you what the key issues and debates there are surrounding the topic of immigration. As if you didn’t know.
Have I told you yet how much I love baking bread? That my idea of a perfect morning is mixing up yeast, flour and water, taking a nice long walk, then coming back to find what was once a little ball of dough doubled in size? There is something magical about baking homemade bread. And so, last week, when these Chicken Gyros were on the menu, it was the perfect opportunity to try my hand at homemade pita bread. Here’s how it’s done.
4. Add the breadcrumbs a couple of tablespoons at a time. You may not need all of it. Basically you just want the mixture so it is very moist, not wet, and sticks together when you clump it into a ball. Adding too much starch will make your burgers dry. No bueno.
However, when asked whether Thaci (named 26 times in the report) was being investigated, Eulex officials immediately backtracked by saying that no “formal” investigation had been opened. These confused statements were used by Thaci to pronounce himself innocent and to decry the fecklessness of the EU mission: with sublime, if perhaps unintended, irony he repeatedly resisted proposals to transfer the investigation from Eulex to an ad hoc international body.
All of the damage in my municipality was caused from lots of snow and a quick melt. After many early morning meetings and a couple of late nights, we feel that we are now in pretty good shape as far as the road repairs being done. We’ll cross our fingers that we don’t get anymore really fast melts (there is still some snow out there) or lots of rain – both would cause our problems to start again.
Andy Fenn - Young neo pro (new rider) – apparently he’s quite a prospect. I’ve not seen anything from him yet so I look forward to finding out what he can do!
- Shift your focus to the world around you and give back to
Dedicated to public use by
This isn't Mike's case, and yet the Paperback Book-X-Change is never empty. It is never full, either --not that it could accommodate too many people at once-- but I've never been there and not seen at least one person in the store with him, and several come and go during the time I am there. Who knows --he might not be able to keep the store if he didn't also live in it, but the fact is that he's doing something right and the store, in its own way, thrives.
As Catholic Christians, then, it is our duty not only to stamp out any form of bullying (itself a grave sin against charity and justice), but also to encourage young people who have fallen into the sin of despair - either through their own fault, or the temptations and pitfalls of an overly sexualised or sometimes truly bigoted society. We also have the duty to offer hope: that life can get better, that adulthood is sometimes not as bad as adolescence. But our hope is not grounded in the premise that life becomes more fulfilling through self-gratifying sexual exploration, but rather that we become truly alive through the exploration of God's love.
“It’s all there Andrew double counted.” Adrien said nervous.
'cause you just never know!
This is the cloud that hangs over the next 300-odd pages, as Esma offers up fragments of family history, beginning with her mother’s birth in a village near the Euphrates. She describes a world where women as well as men enforce an honour code that results in the social death of men who fail to act like men, and the actual death of several female relatives. When her family migrates to Istanbul, and then to London in the early 1970s, they take that code with them, but as they grow accustomed to life in the west it becomes less a system of social regulation than a compulsion they can neither control nor understand.
Throughout the day, as the other GAs and I sat in our classroom (which just so happens to also be an underground bomb shelter), I kept hearing rumblings. I have become accustomed to the random test bombings of the nearby IDF base. Usually, a few bombs every few days. But yesterday they sounded different. I had to ask two or three times, “Was that a bomb?” It was interesting to note the number of different responses: “No, its just the wind blowing down the stairwell.” “No, it’s probably someone working outside.” Almost always a “No, …”
This doesn't do what a query letter must do: entice me to read on.
The album continues to challenge the listener, to greater or lesser success or failure. "Black Is Beautiful" almost feels like they are (as the British would say) 'having a go' at the listener with a playful send-up of Afrocentric pride; then I think to myself, no, they are totally sincere, just hopelessly clumsy and even naive about it. From a sociohistorical context, in Brazil or in the US where the phrase "Black is beautiful" was born, there is so much that is just WRONG with this tune that I wouldn't know where to start. I still can't honestly say what they were thinking.. This album has plenty of The Brother's Valle blue-eyed soul on it, but this song has enough exaggerated torch-song drama to it that I just can't take it too seriously But it's also too damn intriguing for me to leave it at face value, and its kind of, well, a bit hilarious:
The page posts videos of Justin getting injured, song parodies, Bieber getting killed, and other “hate” videos. Including a video of Ozzy Osborne, claiming to be unaware of who JB is. Clueless
Caught the first boat in the morning over to koh Tao and headed back to View Rock for a few days of diving and relaxing. The owners laughed when they saw us, as it was our third time returning in less than a month (highly recommend). We spent some quality time with our favorite Thai watch dog, Durian and managed to fit in 4 dives! The first was filled with mean old triggerfish, but the third one was amazing! We went out to Chumphorn pinnacle where there are millions of fishies everywhere! We saw some groupers almost as big as we were and some teensy tiny
Such an awesome way to start the new year! Just WOW!!!
Predictably Walker’s campaign is focused on the fact that our state’s overall unemployment rate continues to fall and there were 17,000 jobs created in January and February. But the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics says that Wisconsin lost 23,900 jobs from March 2011 to March 2012, the worst in the country. By far.
Potassim 294.2 mg
“So if you look at how progress is made and where competitive advantage is created, there’s no doubt that the ability to use software tools effectively is critical to succeeding in today’s global knowledge economy.”
Information on the advertisement for both applications is as follows :
While I generally enjoyed this movie there were a few things that did get up my nose. These mostly involved the inclusion of footage from the 1939 Henry King film. The train robbery sequence blends in fairly seamlessly but another example proved especially distracting to me. During the well filmed Northfield raid, as the lead flies and men are falling all around, Frank and Jesse take the time to ride into an alley and divest themselves of their long dusters. Why, you might well ask, would two men caught in a firefight pause to do this? Well, the answer is that we’re about to see recycled footage of Power and Fonda riding through a plate glass window and later jumping their horses off a cliff – and our heroes hadn’t been wearing dusters in the ’39 film! Now those scenes were great the first time round but it smacks of a certain cheapness to wheel them out here again. Another problem I had was at the end of the film. You know that Bob Ford is going to shoot Jesse as he stands on a chair to straighten that picture. Well, here Ford gives it to him in the back of the head at point blank range - and instead of dropping to the floor like a sack of potatoes, Jesse swivels around to glare reproachfully at his assassin before succumbing to his wound. Bah!
and I can not sew it up,
Granola can be made according to individual taste and the ingredients on hand. The only basic ingredients needed are oats, oil, and sweetener. The proportions depend on individual taste and how "healthy" you want it. Here is a basic recipe with many options.
Yes, the wonders of modern life hey, I am blogging on route from our fabulous youth hostel in Thurlby to the Space Centre in Leicester! The sun really is gorgeous this morning, the whole of nature seems to be singing!
What other Storage Container Storage tips do you have for us? Any other creative space saving solutions?
Yes, that waitress in the diner has to work. Welfare reform made sure of that. Case workers want to see these stay at home mothers working, and Ann, I am afraid that taking care of your boys would not count as work in their eyes.
Next up, we have THE BAD.
AUDIENCE: Top!
Oh, how long are the hours between light and light
Kyo Kara Maoh! follows Yuri and his entourage as he makes a difference in the lives of those he touches and the towns they live in. Mostly filled with comedic mishaps and misunderstandings, there are some very serious, sad, and touching moments perfectly interwoven within the story as well.
“Students who have a piece in the show look for it and stand by it with great pride, which is boosted when they are told by their peers what a great job they did,” says Ene-Mai Fortune, Oakwood Public School Educational Assistant and co-organizer of the Halton Elementary Art Show. “These moments are priceless and give the children a place to be special. Art gives them a place to shine.”
So I’ve got the razor blade
Chareidi Parties: Losers
“All great changes are preceded by chaos.”
K is for Kiss. Remember to kiss your loved ones.
*I acknowledge that this is irresponsible and not very grown up, but it happens…
Abide, love and see
ears with them. Fast through a hazy residue of loss and despair,
(Unexplained item in the Bagging Area. Remove. Oh, that’ll be a book, tsk.)
No Electricity = No More of These Things:
I think I'd frame this one too and not make a cuhion for Charlotte and Emily to sit on.
Look on my works, ye mighty, and despair!'
Lewis Freeman, Fordham University. The City as Children’s Classroom: What Children Have to Teach Us About Cities
A while back my dad was recounting an incident that happened when he was a police chaplain in Phoenix. He was on a ride-along when a report came in that there was a reckless, speeding car in a certain vicinity. They drove around and didn’t find it; however, they came upon a man and woman standing alongside the road in front of their house. Daddy recognized the woman as she had visited his church, and they stopped to inquire about the speeding car. The couple replied that they had not seen it, so the police man drove away, resuming his search. The car was never located. However, it was later revealed that the man and woman they questioned, had called the police and were outside waiting for them. Oops. They had been so focused on one problem, that they missed the most obvious need of the moment.
In a hollow cave, beautifully moonlit.
I can’t say it was good for writing, but it was good for thinking. I would have trouble sleeping, so I would think about things like conversations and such while I was lying in my bed.
I always love making things for people I love - and I loved every single second of making these tags. I am so happy for my dear friend and so excited for her and her fiance as they begin this new chapter! Will post more pics after the wedding!
She also wanted to avoid what happened in the men’s race.
Buy then! bid then! – What? – Prayer, patience, alms, vows.
"Was it important, babes, or just phoning for a chat?" she questions me. For perhaps the first time in the eight years I've known her, I lie to her.
BUT, but the stone out now, I've been rechecked and I'm back on the road to being me again.
They come and go, merry they go
On the back is engraved:
School of Hard Knocks requires you to return a Warsong Gulch flag, assault a flag in Arathi Basin, assault a tower in Alterac Valley, and cap a flag in Eye of the Storm while you have your orphan out. Be ready to see some odd and quite hilarious battlegrounds while this event runs.
paramkaur asked, do you agree that self-assessment practices should be encouraged by organisations to make the assessment perfect?
1. The Crops-Only Agriculture
Bertie cocked his head to one side and opened his eyes very wide. “Yes, Reg…inald.” He whispered a tiny mewl and started to walk by putting each paw very purposefully on the smoothest bits of earth he could find. He looked like he was walking on hot oil.
"Art is a lie that makes us realize the truth."
I am self-aware that I am most likely over-speculating this situation. After all, “Alex” was written by sketch comedy group Studio8, whereas “The Room” was written by Wiseau. But every time I enjoy the unintentionally hilarious, there will be a lingering consideration of deception.
*The Turducken was a slice of “deli meat” with Turkey/Duck/Chicken “Meat Glued” together. Note the dark line down the middle is the duck.
The 1988 is the successor to the World`s Best Whisky award winning Yoichi 1987, so demand is sure to be hotter than a plastic car seat in August. As with all the others in this series, which is always released at this time of the year, it is a 20-year-old whisky (the age people are considered to come of age in Japan and, perhaps more relevantly, the drinking age).
in utterly revolting style, the ground
Is it so much to ask for??
You have been the one for me.
Kindle or physical book?
Over the holidays my mom and I went to the thrift store and she bought us some
Yes, it is very true.....
3. What was your reaction to Kelsier’s response to finding Marsh dead? I can’t help feeling that there are going to be some serious economic repercussions to destroying the crystals – what sort of impact do you think this will have, not just on the nobles but on the Skaa?
I was worried when I ordered SS that it would be too similar to Aura Angora from Barielle. Luckily it's not too mustard at all, and a lot brighter! I did a comparison for you guys below.
double blind peer reviewed where appropriate.
It was difficult to photograph there because of all the reflections everywhere.
This question may have an answer. It’s no secret that I love Anonymous. What they are doing is wonderful. If the authorities will not allow peaceful protests and dissent someone out there has to do something about it.
Taken from: Indicator 6th year – issue 9 February 27 2012
(pictured above: some gamer dudes trying to look cool and casual in the presence of a purty grrl)
The King's Speech
As i draw close to the guarded gate
His chin rests upon the crown of my golden hair and my skull vibrates with every word he cries out: ‘Why, Minerva? Why did you defend that villain? Don’t die on me…’ And he weeps right there, my beautiful Young Master who is so confident actually starts crying.
Greys - Cool Grey 1, 2, 3, 4, 5
In that regard, the preparedness of governments around the world in meeting these goals have become essential.
Bigger news is that the schedule has come out. The Pack starts out with a stretch of four straight tough opponents in the 49ers, Bears, Seahawks, and Saints. The good thing is that three of four are at home with Seattle being the away game. Seattle is a tough place to play and a much better team than their record. I do believe the Pack can win each of these games, but it will be tough! The Packers face the NFC west and AFC south this year and neither division is very strong. Each division does have one powerhouse in the 49ers and Texans. The NFC north will be very competitive this year with the Bears and Lions also looking like playoff teams, which should rejuvenate these bitter rivalries. Minnesota looks like they’ll be a sub 500 team this year and potentially moving soon with their stadium issues. The other game that stands out is the chance at revenge against the Giants after the disappointing loss at home in the divisional round of the playoffs last season. This game will take place in week 12 with both teams making a playoff push which should make for an even better game.
It’s a pretty harsh message for a country to essentially give up on a city. The state of California recently considered a plan to do something similar in the economically troubled — and some say corrupt — city of Vernon. That plan was rejected by the state legislature, mainly over concerns that its passage would harm the local economy further. It’s tough to say what the exact result will be in the newly enlarged Hefei, but even a modest reduction in the city’s 17 percent growth rate would be hard for Chinese officials to worry about.
-label everything using label maker, Silhouette, and label paper punch
I’ve been meeting every Friday with the Novel Manuscript Development Program. We sit in our large office around our large table and we read each other’s work and we talk about each other’s books and we ask each other questions. Sometimes we meander a bit and the value of a discussion is not immediately evident until suddenly we’re all nodding our heads in unison; we have struck on a point that has made things clearer for us all.
The ordinance makes it illegal for anyone that hosts (or allows) a gathering when that person knows, or reasonably should know, that an underage person is consuming any alcohol on their property. If one is caught hosting such an event, that person will be fined as a misdemeanor.
CeleryTree.com is that website. And not only is it a central, ad-free, location for writers to market and discover new books, it is an online bookstore so readers can directly buy that book they are so excited to read.
This will be a place where you can have fun with the Mystique Designs team. We will do everything to make this blog a place where people can meet and share their passion.
The lids are made of plastic, but it never technically has to even come into contact with food anyway. These are the best lids I have ever used, and even my toddler can get it off without spilling the contents! Just snap the lid on and off on each of the 4 sides without prying and much effort at all! The lid is also airtight and even watertight because of the silicone seal under the lid, so food is fresh and lasts longer than storing food in other containers out there. The one feature that I wish Wean Green would implement is a way for the lid and bottom of another container to fit together when stacked. They sort of shimmy around when stacked at the moment.
For a very corrupt democracy to exist, most people have to agree that's the way things should be. Even regular Joes like me and you. Did you want a receipt with that? Are you sure? (If you say 'no,' the tax-man won't have a clue about this purchase...and I can charge you 10% less.)
I guess I'll start with the weather, because that's lame. But yes, it's already titty-sweat hot here in the Heart O' Texas. Yeah, I said it. I am sticky 90% of the day because of the 90% humidity. GRUMPY!!
Okay, enough of all this information. It's time for a 'serious' discussion. I tire of all the hype surrounded the 'Loch Ness Monster', or if you prefer, 'Nessie'. Because, as far as I'm concerned, Ogopogo is the most underrated and has been, for far too long, a shy and modest lake monster.
Reading 1, Acts 20:28-38
The last recipe in the episode was Red Velvet Sheet Cake with Classic Red Velvet Frosting. Now, I LOVE Red Velvet Cake. If we're out and I see it on a menu and I think it's probably made in-house at a restaurant, I will usually order it but this recipe was definitely not a favorite of mine. There was too little cocoa, so you never quite got that background chocolate richness that you typically get with red velvet, so I'd have to probably pass on this recipe again. Usually Red Velvet is accompanied with Cream Cheese Frosting, so the accompanying frosting was a bit different as well but in a good way. I liked it because it wasn't too sweet. I may keep that one around for the future.
1/2 teaspoon of vanilla
* – conflict with a file which does not belong to any package.
Running Time- 89 minutes (“NR”)
I combed through my cookbook collection for one or two recipes to try and found more variety than I’d expected. A few ingredients are common — egg, oil and a tart liquid (lemon juice or vinegar) that holds hands, so to speak, with the other two and brings them together. The recipes I looked through used proportions that varied wildly, though, from one egg with a half a cup of oil to one egg and two yolks with two cups of oil. The oil prescriptions differed, too. Mark Bittman’s How to Cook Everything recipe uses extra virgin olive oil, for example, which is exactly the oil type expressly forbidden by Shirley O. Corriher in Cookwise, an enthusiastic and readable treatise on the science behind recipes (which it also provides). (She warns that unrefined oil will cause the emulsion to separate after a day; it didn’t.) Some recipes call for dry mustard, some for sugar (confectioner’s sugar, in the 1973 edition of The Joy of Cooking), some for both. (The concept is that the powder enhances the emulsion). The techniques ranged from simply drizzling a trio of ingredients into a blender to a complicated, elbow-grease-heavy process of heating, cooling and beating.
I just wanted to post a quick update about the blog. You will have noticed I’ve not posted any new articles since the McLaren launch, meanwhile my work is appearing in other places.
For their family, eating anything and everything outside of the ‘norm’, was the norm. I came from a pretty conservative household on the culinary front, and Annie opened up a whole world of tastes and possibilities for me. And as Annie was the first woman I met that truly loved cooking, meals at their house always left me full of wonder and wild inspiration. She also enjoyed taking us for dinner, and some of the more memorable meals out were at Ethiopian, Indian, Korean, and Macedonian restaurants – cuisines I’d never even heard of. When I was about 13, Annie took her daughter and I out for my first sushi. It was disgusting.
Trying to keep Trevor from climbing would have been as effective as telling him not to breathe. It was in his blood, it was who he was. I signed him up for gymnastics classes hoping that if I couldn’t keep him from climbing, at least he would be taught how to fall safely.
How many candidates for election in the U.S. are running on a platform that ends U.S. funds to foreign nations?
So back to the email. It informed me the race was 2 months away. I continued to scroll to the bottom, where I found this:
Even before I knew that the prompt was to be Relative, I'd been thinking about family. A couple days ago, I started pooling photos into a "Siblings" album. I have quite a few siblings. My lil sis and I share the same mother and father, but there were also half brothers, half sisters, step brothers and a step sister. Two half brothers are no longer with us. Donnie was the baby. He passed on very young from Leukemia. I have such strong memories of those last days with him. He didn't live with us, but when he became so ill, Dad brought the boys over more often. I remember the bruises on his little arms. I asked grandma why he had so many and heard the word "transfusions" for the first time. He was so sweet, and his journey in this life was too short. I imagined arms of ancestors wide open, waiting for him. I did wonder if I'd prayed harder, would God have let him stay. I was ten years old.
Love, Abby xx
The map included a detailed rendering of the island’s slips and shores and streets in Lower Manhattan, the familiar mixing with the long gone. Pearl, Broad, Grand and Prince lay beside Fair and Crown and the “Fresh Water” pond.
The Apprentice star and founder of Amstrad told the London Evening Standard at the time that he was flattered by the poll, but there were many conflicts with his numerous business interests.
Bonang Mohale, chairman of Shell South Africa, said, “The risks to the environment are well understood, well articulated and I think they can be totally and utterly mitigated, especially the issues of water contamination, the aquifers, and the scarcity of water.” The company also assures residents of surrounding areas that drilling will give their towns an economic boost.
Today, as all good comic book movie nerds know, is the day that Iron Man 2 comes out in theatres. Yes, this is exciting, and yes, we love us some Robert Downey Jr. (Hey-yo!) But the comic book movie I'm really waiting for this summer has to be Scott Pilgrim vs. the World.
1 1/2 cups cocoa powder (For vanilla cookies, I left this out and subbed it with almond meal that I get from Trader Joe’s. You could also use the almond meal from making almond milk!)
Where is your water?
Pulp Fiction challenges the assumption that women are passive and rely on men for guidance. This ideological assumption makes the existing organization of social relations appear natural and inevitable by reinforcing patriarchal society.
1.) You like Celine Dion and Mariah Carey
Rhys gives a very interesting version of how the story of Jane Eyre came to be through the character of the first wife who remains completely silent in Brontë’s novel. In that, her story is told by Rochester, but we can’t trust him as a narrator because he is trying to justify his actions to Jane in an attempt to explain the situation and keep her with him. However, I think that Wide Sargasso Sea is very much open for interpretation, both because of Rhys’ style of writing but also because we can’t trust the narrators. They are not telling the story to a listener, they are telling it to themselves, justifying their actions and their own views on things. Also, because Antoinette is said to be mad (like her mother) one can argue that she is even more unreliable as the reader doesn’t know if and when she’s lying/telling the truth. I would initially say that I didn’t like the book, but once I started interpreting it and thinking about it, it opened up to me and I found many interesting points that could be discussed and argued. It’s also an interesting prequel when it comes to Brontë’s novel because here we already see what sort of man Rochester is and what drives him to do the things he does.
Both ends of this spectrum represent a fallacy to worship. In both instances, worship is something that is done for me, rather than something that is done for God, and subsequently our benefit.
Purple cardi: Nordstrom Rack
When you are a pet owner, there are several pet services you may want to avail yourself of. The first step will be finding the right ones and that can be a challenge, but a good one when you consider the happiness of your pet. When you are searching for a great pet service, there are some key things to remember. Anymore there are services willing to do everything from walking to pet sitting while you are on vacation. Nevertheless, there are only a few you may need on a regular basis. Pet services such as day care, groomers and borders are among the most commonly used. Approach your search keeping in mind you are the employer and the pet service is the employee and do reference checks, license verification and ask for an opportunity to see them in action. Keep your eyes open at the facility, is it clean and do the animals look well taken care of?
A, You’re Adorable, Perry Como
Stephen Garcia – QB – South Carolina – Never, in recent memory, has so much of a team’s fate rested on the backs of one player as the Gamecocks on Garcia. He has the physical tools, the team around him (including Lattimore and Alshon Jeffrey), but he lacks the consistency needed at the QB position. His stock continues to fall in his inability to provide solid play for his team.
Weinstein points to McClary’s website for evidence that the speaker is too evangelical for the academy.
Because I didn't mention something in one post, does not mean that I've never thought of it/about it before. I love hearing from readers and getting a variety of opinions! But I do feel slightly insulted when people post comments telling me I must have NEVER EVER thought of socioeconomic factors, or that I must have never thought of the fact some families are single-parent. Really? I always feel bad when I get comments like that. So please do bring up aspects that you feel might have been overlooked in a post, I just ask that if it's something very obvious, like the fact that many people have a low income, you assume the best: that I have considered it myself, so don't approach it in a way that suggests I must have never thought of it!
Love brings to light the high and the hidden characteristics of the person who loves—what is rare and exceptional about him: to that extent it easily misleads us about what is normal in him.
Director: John Ford
It’s a democracy, after all.
Anyhooow, I decided to go on a hunt in an attempt to find an idea first, but also to help you out in your own hunt. (You’ll thank me later) I made a selection of various items from various places so you can browse as well in multiple places.
Saturday 25 February 2012
2009 Golden Flight (Fell 1st); Fleet Street (UR 18th) Barry Geraghty
I lived and found a way to put my heart back on my sleeve. Besides what is life, if you are afraid to live it?
Our records are soon going to have a new home! We're working on putting a listening station where the photobooth was so you guys can listen to them before you buy. Makes saying goodbye to the photobooth a little more sweet.
Lower the oven temperature to 325 degrees F. Carefully transfer the logs to a cutting board. Cut logs crosswise, with a long serrated knife at about a 45 degree angle, into 1/2-inch thick cookies. Place cookies
Due to the screen size limitations of the phone, many of the applications display content in a list view ( e.g. Twitter, Facebook etc). Android does not have an easy way to scroll up , so if I want to see the topmost tweet in a list of 100, i have to swipe up multiple times.
"I can't find my reefer," said Tom disjointedly.
Only one rib? That's kind of a rip. It was kind of tough, and more like a pork chop. Not very much smoke to it at all.
Standout music: Apart from Hal’s singing yet again, I guess the piano version of “Puppy Love”, considering that Annie/Emrys ruined it.
H - Let’s pick up on something we spent a long time discussing when we started this blog: our decision to post our first-draft comics pages here. This is primarily a “making of” blog, examining the process of creating a graphic novel (aimed at readers interested in “creative process” issues as well as comics fans) – rather than the kind of comics blog where a final story is presented in weekly installments. Because of this, we spent a good while debating what we should post here by way of comic pages, since normally one doesn't publish first-draft work! However, we realised early on that in order to discuss the ‘making of’ our novel, we'd need to introduce some of the characters and plot lines -- otherwise the blog would be full of story references that readers wouldn’t understand. It would become nonsensical!
What this means too is that religion can never go back. There is no primal religion, no Ur-language spoken, no pretending that it is still the “Word,” even when reading it on a Kindle. No, it has all changed. It’s all new. And renewing. “Understanding media” means also “understanding religion.”
I apologize Walt Whitman,
Love is a Miracle,
Does anyone know what bird this is?
The story was a little hard to get into, at first. But the chapters are really quick, and really short. They end on little cliffhangers a lot, and skip from character to character a great deal, which keeps you reading to find out what happens. Things start getting into some interesting twists about 1/5 – 1/4 of the way into the book. It keeps moving along at a good pace, but it doesn’t tire you out. The politics aren’t very dense. It’s more action-oriented. The characters are all very human, and tend to screw up sometimes.
or even the Muslim-Friendly Raphael Saadiq and D'Angelo who though not Muslim either were part of The Ummah along with Q-Tip, Ali Shaheed Muhammed and J Dilla (1974 - 2006), its three core members; these gentlemen have created amazing music over the years...LOVE'S MUSIC I will it and even after The Ummah disbanded in 1999 Q-Tip, Ali, Raphael and D'Angelo tended to be great collaborators ...Q-Tip's Grammy Nominated "Renaissance" album
the call of calls.
And I will just be frank about it, I can continue blogging with an absence of comments but I do not find it much fun really. This is an issue that I have had to deal with for a long time. And not only myself of course. Many blogs I follow have few comments. It is the nature of the blogging world I suppose. The topics are a bit obscure and not very topical. I do not really write in a way that makes the reader feel involved I suppose. I am very interested in my reader’s opinions but I do not ask questions in my posts or do things that generate possible interactions, like “top ten” lists or polls. But I will most likely not change that, so I have to accept things. But I can’t help but feel frustration. Here is a listing my top five posts with total numbers of page views:
Some physically strenuous work conditions (e.g. heavy lifting, frequent bending) might increase the risk of negative pregnancy outcome, especially among women with other risk factors (e.g. with previous foetal losses) or in the presence of other work-related risks.
Go to the Services page to find out more about what we can do for your book.
I've been about to post these pictures for ages but I haven't really felt like writing anything.. sorry ' bout that! This is one look from last week, I was hanging out with my friends who were going to see Dir en grey! I wanted to go too but I sorta forgot to buy a ticket .... They got sold out quicker than I expected lol. Shoul've seen that coming though.
-KEROSENE by Chris Wooding -- real, honest, heartbreaking. God, this kid was burning things down left right and centre and I could still empathise with him. Fantastic. And THE HAUNTING OF ALAIZABEL CRAY by Chris Wooding, some of the best YA fantasy I've read, even though I don't like his adult stuff that much (Kerosene is contemporary, so some diversity there).
What I am desperate to work on next is my actual delivery. I did really well for about the first half of my sermon then began to get a little nervous and anxious, and also lost the train of the sermon as I was being more conversational etc. John Phelps, an older man with a lot of experience in giving sermons, gave me the good advice of learn the beginning and the end, which will allow me to capture and then drive home. I think this is a good tip, and will try to employ it for the next sermon on Sunday; which will be my first Easter!
Were told upon the walls; staring forms
Arist: Passion
And so, the calibrations continue as I heal. I’m seeing Dr. Paniset at Hopital Notre-Dame for future calibrations. I’ll be sure to follow up with everyone in a few weeks’ time.
Back in the day, long ago when the world was younger and I was a girl, I studied Philosophy and Theology because for me the most interesting thing about the world is that it is perceived so differently by different people. What fascinates me most in writing history, or indeed fantasy, is trying to make those other views clear. I am unlikely to notice the wrong kind of buttons on a waistcoat, the wrong colour wallpaper on a wall, or even the wrong technology in an artefact but I do tend to notice the wrong kind of attitude or belief system in a novel or a drama.
Or your miserable performance at Clue.
Me and Daddy: Oh really?! What is it saying?
I hope everyone had a wonderful weekend. I know that am ready for monday to be here since my girls have done nothing but fight this weekend. Until next time. :)
to women, they're always portrayed as women AND as people. I
This quote is a metaphor because the world is not literally a stage. By saying that the world is a stage, Shakespeare makes a comparison between the world and a stage to give an understanding about how the world and the people in it work
And, he was always in a wheelchair.
12. "And this last mile I travel with you ", to where?
Would you like me to invest that for you? lol
After the exhibit we headed over to Canter’s and shared the best Cobb salad known to man. All was fine and dandy until we arrived back at Raf’s car to find he’d gotten a parking ticket. Damned Hollywood bastards!
My twist on the lamingtons is that I added beer (Shiner Bock for this particular batch) to the cake batter, and (512) Pecan Porter to the chocolate syrup. My recipe is not currently being posted. Here are some pics of how it is done though. All photos by John Knox, so he doesn't sue me.
Of course, my connecting bus home was over twenty minutes late. I was tempted to call the station and ask if yet another bus ran out of gas.
But there were still so many things that drove me nuts. I added crown to the room this year, and I had to end it by the molding over the fireplace. I hate the weird stop – but I’ve not found a better way to do it. And I realized a few months ago that part of the reason the fireplace looked weird to me was because it was so top heavy – big on top, little on bottom.
Notice how the BBC uses the word “facts” in relation to Christian prejudice and discrimination, but replaced it with “arguments” with regard to Islam.
Well, my son is almost two years old and I have lost 65 of that 80 pounds. I would like to lose an additional 10… so I still have 25 to go. Barf! In the middle of February I joined a gym and I have been a regular visitor, so about 3-5 times/week. Well, I haven’t lost any weight until this week finally – down 2.5 lbs. Oh, yippy (can you feel the sarcasm?). Ok, to be honest, I went through a couple weeks where all I wanted to do was drink beer. I literally craved beer. This is my first week without a sip so far: it is only Friday.
Reviewed by Poinsettia
Participants include representatives of pilot companies from cement, iron and steel, and power industries: Holcim, Merpati Balap Sakti, Indonesia Power Gunung Salak, Siemens Indonesia, Indonesia Power (Suralaya), Jawa Power, Indo Raya Kimia.
The fashion is totally inspiring too, nipped in waists, lace gloves, coiffed hair and lashings of lipstick, I am in heaven!
let me know you are a follower of my blog....
I valued my relationship with Mr. Goldsmith for another reason. He was a local celebrity, albeit a low key one, a genuine survivor of the Titanic. My mother told me all about it before I ever met Mr. Goldsmith in person. She showed me his name in Walter Lord’s A Night To Remember. Frank Goldsmith was a young boy, eight or nine, migrating from England with his parents. He and his mother survived, his father did not.
~I'm stronger. I can run. I am in the best shape that I've ever been in!
boring their deep and mysterious holes
This is part of the Hannity transcripts:
I also touched on a few mini-projects.
I would take more cart rides,
if he does not get up to give the visitor the loaves
The nine books entrusted to the Nine Unknown contain information on
At least Wyeth wasn’t up.
Yeah…flashbacks are a whole other bag of beetles, but let’s just say that most of the time they are not necessary. We do not need to know why a certain character did this or that or why a bad guy went bad. Again, that’s for therapy.
The first time I saw the title of this book, I didn't know what I was looking at. Was it an article? Was it a headline? I finally realized it was the title of a book when I heard a friend of mine was reading it. She told me it was nothing like what you would imagine of a Stephen King novel. For me, a SK novel involved horror. I don't do horror, so up until a week ago I'd steered clear of the bestselling novelist. But my friend said I would like this one, and she has a good sense of my taste, so I figured I'd put it on reserve at the library and see what everyone was talking about.
Throughout this case, we've consistently seen people who should know better doing the wrong thing. Yesterday, it was refreshing to see a group of professors step up and do the right thing--just because it was the right thing to do.
Actually, I have no real plan on what I want to read this week. Wish me luck with my reviews and see you Tuesday for the Mini-Challenge!
1/4 methi seeds
What I think about this card now: It's a happy card as Lee Lacy poses there in Dodger Stadium.
Water count: 110 oz
I think this was one of the practical reasons behind deepa daanam and deepavali… the festival of lights that lasts through the entire karthika maasam.
Superficially, the TRC appears to have provided a balanced and comprehensive account, for it has issued condemnations all around: upon the former National Party (NP) government for instructing the 'elimination' of political opponents and then claiming surprise at their deaths; the Inkatha Freedom Party (IFP) for its massacres of supporters of the African National Congress (ANC); the Pan-Africanist Congress (PAC) and its armed wing for targeting civilians; the white right wing for planning an insurrection intended to derail democracy; the former United Democratic Front (UDF) for attacks in the 1980s on councillors, policemen, and collaborators; and the ANC for bombing operations that sometimes 'went awry' and killed civilians, for abuses in its camps in other countries, and for creating a climate in which some of its supporters thought certain violations to be legitimate.
Though I, once gone to all the world must die;
The skald goes into a tawdry tale indeed of a woman foolishly freeing her father's enemy because he promised her a large bride-price. Although he paid her a large maiden-fee, he did not take her away to marry him, so she was dishonored before all of her family.
It's Jo here and this week I have the pleasure in hosting this weeks Allsorts Challenge.
Digital Rapids provides innovative solutions, technology and expertise that enable media organizations and professionals to bring live and on-demand video to wider audiences more efficiently, more effectively and more profitably. Our award- winning hardware and software solutions span the critical points in today’s media operations, including ingest, encoding, transcoding, streaming, broadcast and workflow automation. We’re bringing our complete lineup to the NAB Show in booth SL5624. Featured demos will include a new version of our Digital Rapids Transcode Manager software, powered by our groundbreaking Kayak technology platform; and our newest live encoders for blending ‘traditional television’ encoding with revenue-expanding multi-screen distribution.
A little goofy, a little embarrassing, A LOT casual, and definitely not conventional , that there is a Save the Date that is pretty "us" and that we think sets the tone for our fun beach wedding and reception.
1. Big In Japan - Society For Cutting Up Men
I know I haven’t posted in a while. Life’s been busy and a slow internet connection out here in the boonies doesn’t help me much. Most days I just don’t have time to sit here and watch my media slowly download… or is that upload? I don’t know. I’ll catch you up with things…..
I am not sure if it was during all of this, or as I was driving home, but all of the sudden I was overcome with the amazing grace and love of God. God who for years patiently listened to me kick, scream, whine, grieve, and hurt for what I thought was such a huge lose in my life. God who on Friday gave me my dream and it was more wonderful than anything I had ever come up with for it was fulfilled with a little girl named Taliah- who loves to go sledding and play in the snow! I was overcome with the enormity of it all and have been trying to form words around it since. Not sure I accomplished that, but the one thing I know is that sledding in the snow with a child you are allowed to call your own is not unimportant to God- no the opposite is true, it is very important and one He delights in because He is the only one who could have made it happen!
Nothing can be lost of this world but to lose your soul. Your home is not your home. It’s a temporary dwelling. All that is permanent remains in heaven. Why labor and struggle just to have a big house and a fancy car? All the riches are in Jesus Christ. What you have lost in life cannot be compared to what is in heaven. As a believer, know that it is God who must be first and second to no one or thing. Know it is well with God, no matter what you are going through.
The Adventures of Tintin
Make sure you support a great cause and purchase a ticket for the Red Deer Kinsmen Dream Home.
If your running out of wall space – try a family photo album ! Coffee table albums are not just for weddings. They are for showcasing ANY event in your life. Especially your family portrait or the birth of your children.
to open
What does Sunkyeol sound like?
2 anticipated
Bake in an oven preheated at 175C for about 10 minutes for a chewy one or 12 to 13 minutes for a crunchier version.
Show off your successes. If your organization does something great…toot your own horn! Scream from the mountaintops! Let it be known that you did something great and you want to talk about it.
Heed the living and love the present for the realm of spirits leaves much to be attained…
I grew up in Somerset, England and got involved in folk music from childhood onwards. I studied painting at art school and then became a full-time musician touring solo around the UK and in Europe and a bit in the USA. After almost 10 years on the road I stopped touring and worked as a community artist combining my visual arts and music interests and working with other people; drama workers, dancers, textile artists, photographers and so on. I also carried on as a solo performer, singing and playing guitar and also playing bass in a couple of blues bands in England until meeting Bára and eventually moving to Iceland in 2004.
14th April- The Vortex, Siegen, Germany (with Stubb)
Ow, he thought. What am I doing outisde? Why am I coverd in glass?
I just spent the whole weekend with my long time best friend, Taylor, and we had a blast! She and I have so much in common, especially our love for all things crafty and decoration. We decided to drag our hubbys to the local flea market yesterday where we found burlap sacks. They were only $2 a piece which I thought was pretty good considering their large size and good quality.
5. Salt, a pinch.
When I heard this would be an album start to finish gig and then a few hits I wasn't quite sure if I'd like it. In the end the 'album' was one giant 60 minute song and the 'hits' was almost the length of a regular set so it turned out to be pretty awesome.
We simply can’t have this type of unruly behavior on one of Washington D.C‘s grandest traditions- politicos hobnobbing with and showcasing rich elite celebrities and other people with overly inflated visions of self importance.
First I went to best buy to see if they had any that appealed to me but they were all either closed-ear or cheap as HELL. Next I phoned some store in the mall then drove down there but they didn't have anything good either. By the way I think I may have conquered anxiety because I haven't been to a busy place like the mall since I was a little girl and I thought it would scare me but it was no big deal. I remember at one point even the thought of leaving the house was enough to give me a panic attack but now I don't seem to give a feel.
These all colors have color history inspired from the Silk Road.
How can she be qualified when she doesn’t have a single $1.2-million-a-year lobbyist in her family? How can she relate to “lunch-bucket” Americans the way lunch-bucket blowhard Joe Biden can?
Ink - Memento - Tuxedo Black (Tsukineko), Bamboo, Sweet Leaf
Here are a few tourist highlights of Sentosa:
The other night my daughter saw me getting ready for school and seemed a little upset crying when I did my hair and makeup because she knew. She new I would be leaving her and tonight was a 'daddy tucks me in only night'. As I bent down to give her a kiss goodbye she started crying so hard. I knew she loved me and I my heart ached that she did not want me to go. My initial reaction was to stay and skip class, then I thought of her future. If I did not go, I would be hurting my career as a student. I remembered that I am doing this for her. I am getting my education for her, so she and her sister can have a better future filled with after school activities, family vacations, college, a wedding. I am going to school so I can provide a better future for her and my family. Once I remembered that these tears are only temporary and she wont even remember this in a few years, I bent down and spoke to her. I told her what I was doing, and who this was for. I explained that she probably wont understand a word I just said as she will be 2 in only a few days. I gave her a big bear hug, attempted to kiss her again and left. My heart did still ache as I heard her cry once more, but I knew what I needed to do.
A curve in my imagination leaves me sprawled across a bedroom floor.
Note: I've goosed these scans a little for a better appearance on the web, but you may have noticed that some of these have a slightly pinkish cast. I assume the pink newsprint indicated an evening edition of the paper.
*Note – when looking for bread, make sure you get a softer loaf. If it’s already on the hard side it’s just going to get harder in the oven and make it more difficult to eat and may even burn a little bit.
My teacher is amazing. I mean, absolutely AMAZING.
How cool is that? It feels like, SURPRISE! YOU HAVE A QUILT! ;)
The store that I purchased this from (for $30), wants to charge $9 for a breakout board for this, which I feel is kind of crazy (with that money, I could add an ATMEGA328 to parse the GPS), so I made a cheap $0.30 breakout board (well components push the board price to 0.50 or 1.00). It has the connections for USART and USB, and I plan to have an RJ45 connector to put this GPS circuit somewhere remote (RJ45 – ethernet connector). Thinking about disguising it in a gum box, but then again, it would be a gum box + ethernet cable coming out of it, so not much of a disguise.
On August 23rd Dave and I went to NMCP to talk to the OB. We talked about alot of things mostly about Laken and what happened with her during my pregnancy and things to consider with this pregnancy. I will see an MFM on the 3rd of September. Also I will have to go to the Lab to do my baseline labs ( check all the levels that they test for Preeclampsia).
Oh and in case you thought I'd forgotten - the knitty thing is done! But it definitely needs blocking before Ican show you looking as good as I am hoping it will look. So tomorrow then?
~That light fixture! What a stunning centerpiece for the room.
Nationalism Post 1945
and Bridgets "The Polks Dot Place"
We focus so much on the solutions of our journeys or problems that we sometimes get sidetracked by what is least important.
4. Stamp sentiment label, color in "rock", sponge edges with red and yellow inks, glaze all black areas with Sakura Glaze Pen.
In spite of numerous organizational and financial difficulties in Italian theaters, La Scala remains one of the world's leading opera houses, and so not only because of its tradition and prestige but also because of the genuinely good quality of its operatic offer. Teatro Regio in Turin manages to keep up a high level too.
But for now I am celebrating.
so very welcome ...
Maybe I don't want a 3rd child afterall either.
He tells his manager to hurry and prepare to go back. “I need to go and confirm it!”
commits a general intent crime when the stalker intends the actions in which he engages. In states
Prosecutors will need to decide whether success is likely for any prosecution and whether it would be in the public interest.
but i turned him down,
The lovely young lady in the photo is 5 feet 10 inches tall, and almost all legs so the sock looks like a knee sock on her, and is!
Meanwhile, Mum recommended me to read the book 'Sweet Poison' and it's counterpart, 'The Sweet Poison Quit Plan' which she has read and has now cut sugar out of her diet. I was skeptical (and to a degree I still am) but I will be starting in a few days myself.
Without Home there is no way to define your own people as apart from strangers. And without the ability or willingness to differentiate between the two, you are vulnerable prey to those who can, and very much will, tell you apart from their own.
Black: This is actually not a color, as black is the absence of light. Color by definition is the observational presence and visual perception of light. Black can cause fatigue, as well a slow down thought processes and reaction time. It is often considered the color of depression and mourning/death. Sometimes it is associated with unhealthiness and secrecy. Black can also imply submission; however, it can be seen as elegant and sexy as well. People who favor black are often considered the type who try to stand out from the crowd. Oftentimes they are viewed as obstinate, rebellious, and stubborn.
Heather did a brilliant job of showing relationships between the characters. They weren't just people acting out a story, they were people living, loving, grieving, and struggling to understand WITH each other. Did I mention brilliant?
the gang met us there.
Grace Alegre-Cua, 40, Glen Rock, N.J.
d) Is the period of 36 hours within which the intermediary must take down infringing content, a reasonable period? How was this figure arrived at?
I taught Relief Society today and as I looked out at the women I can honestly say I love all of them. I didn't know 1/2 of them but there is a bond between women in the church. We are all striving to live the gospel and improve each day. We aren't perfect and we all have our weaknesses but I don't feel judged or that I'm not good enough for them. They seem to all have the desire to reach out and serve. I truly feel at home here.
Matter, who works with the program, said CarbFix is the first system that injects carbon dioxide into basalt, a form of volcanic rock. “The capacity of these rocks, the storage capacity, could be very large,” he said.
“The Pakistan nation will not allow the boots on our ground, never,” Mr. Malik said in an interview with Reuters. “Our government is already cooperating with the U.S. — but they also must respect our sovereignty.”
ScarbsF1: Can you tell us about why the concept’s changed, why you don’t feel that was a benefit this year?
“Look!” squealed Marlene as she ran to the dolls. “There’s a Beboodle!” Sure enough, seated in the center of the shelf, and in very good shape, was a primitive Beboodle, jingle bells and all.
“In the next century, nations as we know it will be obsolete; all states will recognize a single, global authority. National sovereignty wasn’t such a great idea after all.” – Strobe Talbot, President Clinton’s Deputy Secretary of State, Time Magazine, July 20th, l992
Many authors who don't know better have read the phrase "the tang of cordite in the air", and then reused it; almost all of them incorrectly and improperly.
And then, AND THEN, I saw a flash of zero and started hyperventilating (internally, of course) and I was like: Oh my god, OH MY GOD, I got a 70. Or is that a fifty? No, this isn’t fair. Life isn’t fair. I hate math. Don’t give it to me. I’m gonna die. Throw it, burn, trash, do whatever you want.
Reflect. All advice can be thoughtfully considered. Am I ruining my kids by letting them sleep in our bed? I don't think so. But I should be able to ask myself the question without being afraid of what the answer might be. In fact, I am no longer threatened by people who disagree with me. If I still believe in my way after considering alternatives, then it makes me more confident. But I am open to the possibility that I might change my mind about something, as I have done in the past.
As has been detailed here previously, these killings seem to have little to do with crime, as frequently no property is taken whilst the degree of torture and brutality involved would lead anyone, who is not completely blinded by their agenda, to conclude that what is taking place are hate crimes, and that a systematic genocide is taking place. An example earlier this year, was the murder of Mrs. Allice Lotter (78) and her 57 year old daughter Helen, which involved such a degree of torture and cruelty that it caused outraged protests amongst the Afrikaans community, albeit receiving virtually no publicity outside the local area.
This is yet another in a long string of fascinating, highly original compositions by Michael Pisaro. On this piece, Pisaro alternates in three-minute segments between two types of material: a duet between Barry Chabala (guitar) and Katie Porter (bass clarinet); and an electronic studio assemblage of field recordings, organ samples and other processed bits and pieces. The two groups of material alternate throughout the piece, but the whole never feels disjointed. Instead, Pisaro seems to be exploring, through two very different approaches, a unified territory of tranquil held tones and meditative late-night quietude. The instrumental sections focus on sustained tones from the bass clarinet and answering guitar pings, creating an aural atmosphere not all that different from the stretched, droning organ notes of the electronic sections, so that the various sources, acoustic and electronic, "live" or post-processed, begin to bleed into one another. There's also a lot of variety in the textures and sounds that Pisaro builds from these disparate sources, with the organs sometimes ringing out in rich, bell-like resonances and other times sending out bassy reverberations. The instrumental sections, meanwhile, gradually grow more complex and intricate, progressing from the stasis and simplicity of the earliest segments to the spacious melodicism of the final instrumental stanzas. [buy]
With many of the relief efforts now focusing on food and sanitation, don't hesitate to get involved, visit this link and Help Haiti Now
Bear in mind that this is something that is based on a child’s developmental stage which may or may not be linked with their age and you know your child and more importantly weighing up what you are comfortable with for your child.
Incidentally, the correct format for the riddle is "Why is a raven like a writing desk?”, not "How is a raven like a writing desk?" contrary to any misprints you may have seen.
THAT:
In interviews, Scorsese has said the reason he made this film was Teddy's final line where he wonders whether it is better to "die a good man than live as a monster", which is definitely something I would have loved to see Scorsese make a movie about. Because I do not believe "Shutter Island" is actually about that. Like "The Shining", it is missing a directorial point of view about anything beyond cinematic style. Sure, the style and tone have a sure hand behind them, but, for me, movies need to be more than that.
Yeah, she was a stubborn idiot.
the boys and the boys' leaders called it,
The exact same spot we see in the video from 13 hours ago — near Nashville Tennessee — only now, instead of a FLASH on the RADAR — we’re seeing real life possible tornadoes develop.
Radon can also be dissolved in ground water and can be introduced into the indoor air through the aeration of well water during its use in washing machines, showers, etc. . .
Nose. What would the light smell like if the nose could feel its presence? Would it smell like dew, like freshness? Would it smell like an apple’s pristine white body? Will it smell like sin? Will it smell like discovery?
So, have I any criticisms to make? Well, there’s Lucy! I have to confess that I have never been a fan of Miss Ball. Even as a youngster her TV shows irritated the hell out of me, now that I’m all grown up I find her even less appealing. While I watched this film, I found myself thinking that almost any other actress would have preferable in the role of the resourceful girl friday.
He handed me a pretty little velvet blindfold trimmed along the sides with lace. I examined it for a moment in my hands. It was soft to touch and quite light weight. The parts which actually covered the eyes were made of purple velvet and were slightly padded. I put it on and started to tie it up.
Strangely, I was not frightened.
Jesus took the Twelve and spent everyday with them, teaching the Word, explaining the Word, and living the Word before them. This is what I believe overcame John’s heart as he began his accounting of the Gospel of Christ: “And the Word became flesh and dwelt among us, and we have seen His glory, glory as of the only Son from the Father, full of grace and truth… No one has ever seen God; the only God, who is at the Father’s side, He has made Him known.”(John 1:14&18) John, overcome in his spirit, as he recalls the Word becoming flesh and dwelling among them, is a beautiful picture of discipleship. There is way more to discipleship than just teaching a book, a “discipleship” plan, etc… it is about dwelling with one another, sewing together the bonds which will birth great joy, and sooner or later, will bring great sorrow. Jesus had Judas Iscariot, known from the beginning as the one set to betray, yet Jesus never yielded His discipling of this fallen man.
“… spirit element has always existed; it is co-eternal with God…. It is also called intelligence…. portions of the self-existent spirit element are born as spirit children, or in other words… is organized into intelligences” (Mormon Doctrine, 1977 ed., p. 751).
How might the government address the downsides to any changes
Wed 10/1 Raleigh, NC Lincoln Theater
And instead of using some tiny bit of will power and just having something light, I ended up sharing these plates of little "flautas" , dipping them into a bucket of delicious guacamole and washing them down with Margaritas.
How did you spend summertime as a child? You probably have memories of vacationing with your family, playing baseball or softball, attending summer camps, or swimming at the pool or lake.
I shot the nude 5 months before she came down!
So, to make this international, how many contacts would it take to get to your chosen Head of State?
by John Pursch
Label: CBS
However, the satisfaction one feels as the lines on the paper begin to form the image one wishes to draw seems so much more personal than when drawing digitally. Similar to the difference between turning the pages of a book while curled up in an overstuffed easy chair and scrolling through a digital book.
What sentiment comes to mind when you see this image? I encourage you to share your ideas in a comment. Who knows, maybe one day it will become a stamp!
This dish modernizes the ears in a way my grandmother would not have known, by bringing Caribbean jerk flavor to the party. The additional touch of deep frying yields a nice crunchy texture, that makes the ears a great snack. If you really want to try something different, which, I swear, tastes great, then give these a go.
"I'm ready to go," Jen said.
Judgejudy.com is currently undergoing a name and layout change. In the meantime, fun stories about poop and penises will be replaced by daily crap about some sick girl who wants attention.
If anything, Karl Pilkington is a bit of an old man character. Set in his ways, reluctant to try new things, fails to see the excitement in most scenarios or activities. Saying this, his attitude means he comes out with some truly brilliant, quirky, random and 'dry' quotes. I say dry because he doesn't say them waiting for a huge laugh from Gervais of Stephen Merchant, he says them cause its how his mind genuinely works and what he genuinely believes. In fact, its this which got Pilkington involved in The Ricky Gervais Show in the first place. Originally, he only produced Ricky Gervais' and Stephen Merchant's radio show on XFM, but as time went on they started to bring him onto the microphones more for his funny stories, views and the fact that Gervais and Merchant could just make fun out of him as much as they want, rile him up a bit, and make fun of him even more for how frustrated he was getting.
I have had a ton of questions about how I hang my pictures. So here is the info.
person to ask on this subject, but hey I can
In our battles and our struggles, God is our army: we’re not going through this war alone, he’s my general, he’ll arm me.
I slept. I returned on Saturday.
I absolutely love my Patagonia products and find them to be a preppy wardrobe essential--especially on UVA's grounds!
Neilie Anne Heffernan Casey, 32, Wellesley, Massachusetts
The first was the birthday layout challenge. The photos had to have something to do with a birthday and:
I didn't take a camera (shame, shame), but thank God it is 2011 and we all have smart phones. Waiting for the crazies to send me all their pics.
Like the birds of a feather
The conflict is that an elephant
Denk said the data supporting a recovery of housing was more substantial than a one-off boost to the sector because of good winter weather that allowed active construction.
Apart from the ocean, they know how to party in the Keys. Cuban culture abounds in southern Florida, and last year during the aptly named Cuban Fest, revelers participated in a coast-to-coast conga line. Olé!
Hello teacher tell me what's my lesson
Patients I see who have had a previous experience with physical therapy present an interesting dilemma. If they saw me at an earlier time this of course makes things much easier, as we all ready have a relationship that we can build on. Patients who I haven’t seen previously but had a good experience are usually very cooperative in their care and understand the benefits of physical therapy, as it has helped them sometime in the past. It is my hope to build on their previous good experience, showing them how physical therapy, and more specifically, my approach to physical therapy, will help in returning them to a pain-free and fully functional life. If they have had a bad experience in physical therapy they usually look at me with scepticism, thinking that since physical therapy didn’t work for them the first time around that it won’t be any different this time. This makes my job a little harder. I hope that by providing a thorough evaluation and explanation of their condition as well as being professional yet approachable that I will knock down some of the barriers the patient my have from their previous experiences.
The song reached #1 on the charts in Canada and spent an amazing 38 consecutive weeks atop the charts.
In November last year the minister of finance, Mr Pravin Gordhan, told an audience in London that economic empowerment policies designed to improve the standard of living of the black majority after 1994 had not worked. After all the employment equity, labour, and land reform legislation, not to mention hundreds of billions of Rands in BEE deals, this is quite an admission. In the short term it may lead to an intensification of failed policies, but in the long term these policies will have to be abandoned.
I was many things before that ban - a sportswomen, a cleaner, a farm labourer, a sales assistant, a cafe assistant, a barmaid, a student, a writer, a journalist, a mother, a wife, a friend, a daughter, a sister, a colleague, a resident. I liked smoking. I liked many other things. People didn't ask if I was a smoker, they asked if I smoked.
I don't do that very often - go for coffee at night......................and it was an unexpected pleasure.
The whole film is a real homage to geekiness. The geekier you are (and I suspect I’m not geeky enough to appreciate its full depth) the more I suspect you will get out of it. This film is unique and should be watched by all fanboys.
Separate out calamari tubes from tentacles. Slice tubes ¼ inch thick and set aside. In a small bowl mix half and half with juice from California Hot Mix. Add ½ teaspoon sea salt and ¼ teaspoon black pepper to tentacle parts. Mix well. Add tentacles only to half and half mixture and let marinate for about 15 to 30 minutes. In a seperate bowl mix flour with lemon rind and set aside.
Since the end of the expedition in 2000 to the Neolithic part of the Mehrgarh site, fieldwork has been halted to allow for deeper analysis of date and to write up publications. In 2003 there was an expedition to study the material at Mehrgarh, and the dig was scheduled to resume in 2004.
How far along: 28 Weeks!! Less than 12 weeks to go! Wow!
Today I have a few projects that I created out of my extras - I have made 1 project and 5 layouts so far and I can still keep going!
This funnie little guy played on the stage with a hip brogrammer band called "White Denim" and he says they are "energy chips."
Rather than throw it away and start over, I decided to go with it and see what happens. I worked through my frustration at the puddling of sticky ink in the hair and clothing then did my best to look at it in a different way. The strokes of color are quite evident almost like the strokes created when working with heavy oil paints. Yikes! Even my airbrushing techniques didn't work and the color slid across the surface of the paper.
December 2000, FlagSlam founded.
He said “People are born so that they can learn how to live a good life -- like loving everybody all the time and being nice, right?''
It is because of the fact he knows that deep down Magneto is a good person with good intentions that allows Xavier to continue to see him as a friend .The two often meet to play chess together, even when Magneto is in prison. Magneto views Xavier as the only man who is his equal, and sees him as his best if not only true friend in the world. He is even willing to help him and protect him if need be, and has often led the X-Men in Xavier’s stead.
Taking time to catch my breath
*This should be performed as one continuous effort. MAKE SURE to read the notes below.
She has been through some major events in her life these last few years and one would have to be totally numb not to have been touched.
Me and my dad always beg my mom to make Christmas bread. It’s a delicious type of bread that is topped with icing. We try to get mom to make it as many times as possible.
see him again.
Yellow cake with strawberry jam and a swirl of cream cheese frosting
The best thing about kids Halloween polo shirts is that the child is easily dressed up for the holiday, but doesn’t have to wear an uncomfortable costume that might be tiring for the kid and also be very expensive for you. They are a great solution if you don’t have time to get a costume or if your child is very young or very old. Teenagers also enjoy this.
The tutorials will come to you in a PDF file via e-mail.
Tip: Add more veggie both as needed for moisture.
January. Worked hard and prepared for the events that happened in March.
No. 1 of course is Fruit Punch – classic and red and delicious!
Stress has a major influence on the function of your immune system, which is why you’ve probably noticed you’re more likely to catch a cold or the flu when you’re under a lot of stress. This is true for both acute stressful episodes, such as preparing a big project for work, and chronic stress, such as relationship troubles or grief. Both will deteriorate your immune system and leave it less able to fight off infectious agents.
Plus, on April 8, log into your WW account to get a Spring Celebration Gift Basket, which contains exclusive items as well!
— Alternatively, some stations can be be destroyed by making the building in which they’re in collapse. When this is possible, it also happens for one station out of the pair you’re each time fighting for, not for both. Otherwise it would be too easy to win just by launching mortars or gunning down with tanks.
What's for dinner? Roast goose of course! Hong Kong is know for Dim Sum and roast goose. My mom always told me how she remembered my Grandpa/her dad brought a roast goose home from his visit to Hong Kong. She remembers it vividly how it was still warm (Hong Kong is just a 2 hour fight from Vietnam), and juicy, and meat being fragrant and the skin melting in her mouth; savoring every bite as they had the goose for dinner that day. With so many places to eat how do you know who's the best. Luckly, Jacky the executive chef of Wild Ginger (where I work) is a native of Hong Kong. He suggested Yung Kee. So Yung Kee it is.....
The Applicants distributed leaflets at an upper secondary school by leaving them inside student lockers. These leaflets described homosexuality as a “deviant sexual proclivity” that had “a morally destructive effect on the substance of society” and was the cause of HIV/AIDS. They were later convicted of “agitation against a national or ethnic group” and sentenced to a variety of penalties ranging from suspended sentences and fines to probation. The Applicants claimed that their conviction was a violation of their rights to freedom and expression as their goal was only to start a debate. The European Court disagreed.
Well folks that's your lot from Well Done Fillet. I quit.
Luxury in Ezstergom. The hotel was built by the Soviets. It was in good condition and perfect for us. We had lunch on the hotel deck, lured by the low prices. It was very relaxing after the last couple of days and we were glad to be there. As we paid for lunch we saw a flyer that said dinner was 20 percent off if you were staying in the hotel so we made a reservation because the lunch had been very good and the discount made the dinner very reasonable.
COOK on LOW 4 to 6 hours or until liquid is absorbed. Sprinkle with remaining cheeses; let stand, covered, 10 min. or until melted.
Kyle told me what they were doing.
Actually, they are of the same size. But, we perceive differently because our brain compares its size to its surroundings. The right circle seem smaller because it is surrounded by bigger circles.
PRIZES & SURPRISES & A CHALLENGE!!
'I'm dying...' I said.
The Daily Breeze
And maybe I should have said something to them personally... but why? when clearly there is nothing left in these friendships to salvage.
309. From St. Augustine’s Confessions again. The collocation of these
For this notice, I suggest having this language in your boarding, doggie daycare and board and train contracts, as well as having a separate document to give to your clients at their initial intake meetings. Don’t hesitate to give them another copy when they drop their animals off. Keep a pile of extra copies right in your intake area. Printing these notices on boldly colored paper isn’t a bad idea. And there’s no harm in putting this language on your website.
But freedom, I've discovered,
Or the sex pest magistrate Collen Dumani who groped the breasts of court clerks and cleaners.
If mixture is thin, add more cornstarch, or thicken with instant potatoes.
From: Wasdale Head Hotel, Wastwater
so, yes.. we've got lots of exciting news. most of it is good news. justin is making wonderful progress, despite needing to have surgery. he's doing great with the gait trainer we practice with at dupont and he has mastered crawling up our steps. he's actually pretty pleased because he does it every chance he gets. he's proud. i'm proud. we're all proud of the wonders this kid can accomplish.
What a fabulous sky !
First, the background:
At this time, Vincent was 27 year old
In the Dark Ages of the year 600, the murky backwaters of Europe were ruled by ignorance and superstition, and nothing changed from generation to generation. The only persons who achieved any significant level of education were the Christian priesthood, and it was more indoctrination than education. The rest were denied all education other than apprentice training for the job their father had. Almost no one in Europe actually knew how to think as educated people do.
Well, that wind got me thinking about all of the March fun that is approaching. Below you can grab a copy of my 5 page Coin Glyph FREEBIE. I usually place the glyph in my art center. I have done it using a paper plate as the coin or the attached coin sheet. I have them add their coins to a display up front and that Friday we grab out clip boards to collect data from the coins.
Having just picked up Barrowmaze and read it in a cursory fashion, I thought it would be fun to run as a rather leisurely pbp. If you are interested, the link is above. No number of players is too many, I should think, but if there are fewer than four people interested, I'll probably give it a pass.
Hex escorts the sheriff outside as Bat looks on.
16. Sweet Dreams
I am self-employed but I am bucking conventional wisdom by currently trying to get into the private sector.
Now maybe this other lady was doing the whole “zen” sports thing, where she just showed up, rowed her own race, and then went home, happy she gave it her all.
But wait, the streets remain unplowed. Children make snow angels and build snowmen. They scream with absolute joy and throw snowballs at each other. Then, suddenly, the sun shows itself for the first time in days and I start to think, to feel really, that maybe we don’t need those snow plows after all; for isn’t it true that “if Winter comes can Spring be far behind?”
Kids can be so lucky — Wouldn’t it be great if we could convert all our ‘NO’s into a ‘YES’?
In what may be one of my favorite things to happen in 2012, director Choi Dong-hoon, he of the masterful “Tazza” and the ever-thrilling “Jeonwoochi,” is set to make a comeback with “The Thieves.”
I dont care how stupid this message sounds and how immature it is or anything, I'm a kid what can you expect?
When all else fails, I find throwing a laundry basket in (in any room) is always a good move. I just like to look at them and they add a good solid dose of texturiness.
Is it a faux pas to discuss politics on a blog that is about parenting, green living, and overall goodness? Probably, but I'm doing it anyway. I care dammit and it breaks my heart that my generation is generalized as an apathetic, lazy bunch of moochers who keep themselves uninformed in order to continue being said losers. I believe those people exist mind you, I'm "friends" with lots of them on facebook, but I don't believe they are the majority.
We all have fabric lying around (tons of it!) and we can all sew so all it takes to join the fun is a bit of your time. I'm happy to co-ordinate and post all the dresses if they are sent here. They need to go to the charity in America and they then get delivered by hand to children who need them.
ps: pretty soon I'll show you guys a pic of that insanely awesome mk2k jacket i got awhile ago
Let me live without this,just a moment too soon–his efforts are long gone.
It's cedar season.
To summarize it may be asserted apple iphone is among the greatest pieces of technology and it is right now getting used by most of the people. Using the rise in need for this product, the actual demand for applications is equally increasing and thus searching for related iPhone Application Improvement companies becomes a difficult work.
It takes a couple of listens to ascertain the hidden patterns that undulate underneath the abstract meanderings of brass and strings.
When Lincoln took the oath of office on March 4th, 1861, he was President of a divided nation. Seven states had already seceded from the Union, and formed the Confederate States of America. Although the Republican Party was against slavery, Lincoln was not for abolition at this time. In his inaugural address, he repeated his previous statements about his wish to only prevent the expansion of slavery to the new territories, and not to bother it in those places where it already existed. But he also promised he would defend the Constitution he was sworn to uphold, and that it was in the hands of the South, and not his, that the “momentous issue of civil war” existed. He would not start the war, unless the south started it first. But by the time of his second inaugural address four years later, he would have overseen the bloodiest conflict in American history.
Mom ~
The same way that you are subject to the Lord (obedient to His Word) you have to be subject to your husband. If your husband asks you to do something contrary to the Word of God then you are not to obey or submit.
When linking your entries, please make sure it is linked to the specific post your layout is in, not your blog as a whole as it can be hard later in the month to find your layout, especially if you blog often. You can also link from any gallery including Facebook and Flickr.
After kneading it in the bowl for 5 minutes, I turned it out onto an oiled chopping board and kneaded for another 5 or so minutes. Suffice to say there are no pictures of this because my hands were both completely covered in white goo.
Obama: "The fact of the matter is I think if you look at my track record, I'm raising a family here. When we travel, we got to travel through Secret Service—and Air Force One, that's not my choice. I think most folks understand how hard I work and how hard this administration is working on behalf of the American people."
When I was a kid, I used to stay at my maternal grandparents’ house relatively often. They had many books, and there being little else of entertainment for a young geek-in-training in their mining village, I would while away the time reading. I forget the name now, but one book was about the circus. I was reading this in the early ’70s I’d guess, and it was probably from the late 40′s-early 50′s. Anyway, I distinctly remember images of harlequins which seemed a bit, well, weird!
One group had a scene from Titanic with Jack, Rose, and Cal. Of course, they guessed their scene right away (the scene were Rose gets in a lifeboat but then jumps back on board). Despite there actually being a girl in the group for once, the two guys decided to act out the parts of Jack and Rose. The guy playing Rose stuffed his shirt full of tissues or something and put on a girly voice. He also jumped on the other guy for when Rose and Jack are reunited and was then carried around the room. We about died laughing.
I regret ever feeling that I was only worth sexual acts.
I walk a fine line between "the need for plans & schedules" and "getting bored easily". I need to have a schedule and to make a plan, but I need to remake them all the time and always have a new one, so I don't get bored. I would be perfectly happy eating the same breakfast and wearing the same outfit every day, but there is no way I can stick to the same exercise routine or same earrings every day.
The Video acceleration settings for the normal requirements will utilize a 3D graphics processor, this wіll include а Transform аnd Lighting feature inclusive of а sixty four megabytes Video Random Access Memory which іs sufficient to transmit high quality graphics. The ultra settings would bе twісe as much, uѕing а low of оnе hundred and twenty еight megabytes. These threе dimensional graphics cards act aѕ а buffer bеtwеen the RAM аnd Video RAM tо produce well screened images wіthіn а quick time frame, nоt noticed by thе naked eye.
I sort of ran out of color ink, of course!, right before the card making process began.
University of Mississippi head coach
papers - white card embossed with cuttlebug 'swiss dots/snowdots
It had a rather dark and soiled binding, so it wasn't surprising that it was priced so cheaply, at $8.
I did not spend much time with Tøggle this month. She is currently floating around in Arathi Highlands, and spent more of this month posing for me then actually adventuring. She has been smacking around some members of the Syndicate, though.
Crystals: Zva Creative
So we are amending things for 2012, certainly for the first few months, we will be going to bi-weekly giving both entrants and team members two weeks for each challenge.
Something you might know: David was the 49th major leaguer to hit a home run in his first MLB at-bat. It came against Jack Morris. It was also the only home run of his career. He was the Royals' hitting coach in 2005 and 2006.
I hope you’ll join me and tell me your memories.
spending priorities of the
I already had the black baskets and they fit perfectly in the boxes, hiding the shoes that were piling up at the door.
Bible – Our lessons were on “We Must Know the Way” and “We Must Believe that Jesus Is Our Saviour.” We read John 14:1-6 and Acts 16:25-34.
I chose to swim with my Master’s swim team. I swam three times a week (the RLRF program does include an optional 3rd day of cross-training). My practices were 60-90 minutes long: warm up, drills, speed work, tempo swims, and cool down. I feel tired, but relaxed and loose after a swim session. I’ve always thought of swimming as a massage from the inside out. The action of the body pulling itself through the water seems to work out kinks and soreness. A hot tub soak before hitting the shower doesn’t hurt, either! Swimming is my favorite low-impact, high-aerobic exercise.
Fred Rogers has been doing the same small good thing for a very long time
Return the drained pasta to the pot. Mix in the cooked bacon and mushrooms, the cheese sauce and the chopped spinach. Stir everything together gently until well combined. Spread the mixture into a lightly greased 1.5-quart casserole dish. Bake for 15-20 minutes or until the top is light golden and the cheese is bubbling. Serve warm and top with reserved cooked bacon pieces, if desired.
I’m in the home stretch of the Spring semester now. Needless to say I’ve been going a little crazy. Between two internships and a new job I’m all kinds of exhausted. Not to mention final papers and projects galore.
The beauty of the Cohn/Levithan collaboration, though, is that they make each other better in what they are already good at. This is especially true for Rachel Cohn. Cyd Charisse is the definition of edge. But the edge in Cohn’s writing is definitely toned down by Levithan’s heart. Luckily Cohn doesn’t lose the edge, of course, but it’s quite understandable that for some the Cyd Charisse series might come over as too harsh, too gratuitous, too much like your typical teen rebel story with a character you will love to hate. However, the typical teenage antics that Cyd is up to, are just that: typical teenage antics, hiding away a lot of anger and especially fears and insecurities (there’s a lot of stuff that is unresolved, especially concerning her ‘Problem’ with the boy of the boarding school).
to placate blood enemies: power-seekers who would commit any crime,
Another part wоuld bе the Direct-X compatible sound card thаt hаѕ motherboard capabilities іn delivering а high quality sound. These cards аre nоrmally internal or external аnd cаn bе attached tо a surround sound system fоr a ultra gaming experience.An active Broadband Internet connection iѕ nеcesѕarу fоr normal and ultra settings.
The Who wrote dozens of great songs, but "I Can See For Miles" is clearly their greatest accomplishment. I don't have the same high opinion of the Byrds' overall body of work -- they were certainly not one-hit wonders, but "Eight Miles High" is so much better than anything else they did that's it's almost shocking.
Time: 3 days
You’ve got to start somewhere, so follow the path of societal acceptance for depraved behavior the way the left has ALWAYS done it before: demand that they be viewed as “human just like everyone else” and demand that they be accorded rights and respect. THEN you later demand that since they’re decent, respectable people their vile behavior can’t be viewed as vile anymore. It’s been part of their playbook over and over again and it worked which is why America and Western Europe is so astonishingly morally-velocitized with behavior that was utterly unacceptable just a generation ago being openly celebrated now. So let’s “Play it again, Sam” with pedophiles.
prosecution advanced at the trial."
Then time to grind some graham crackers in the food processor and add all the ingredients for the delicious crust. I did find the crust slightly over salted and might add a tad less salt next time. Everyone else thought it was perfect.
My only issue at work is that in the workout room, all the equipment faces a wall of mirrors. There is no TV or anything else either, so you are just going along watching yourself... I have no desire to watch myself on the treadmill, all sweaty and red faced, breathing hard, and hair sticking up like The Bride of Frankenstein, it just is not pretty. To overcome this, I pick the treadmill closest to the door, the door partially blocks the mirror, so I only see half the sweaty mess!
i've been working on a line of dinnerware that i'm really excited about, some new spirit house sculptures, new tiles, and i'm working on some new jewelry pieces. my mind is moving at lightning speed in so many different directions right now, but it feels good to be excited about working. i'm getting geared up for the annual larkspur party show, which is the first weekend in june in raleigh. it's always a fun show for me--lots of great friends and a very dedicated group of customers...i'm really looking forward to it. if you want more information, check out the website: www.larkspurparty.com
Paul: victory!
These were super easy to make, and took about an hour to do. Anyone can do this! These letters add a great personalized touch to her nursery and takes it from out of the box nursery and turns it into a really cute and custom nursery.
needless to say, it was all cleaned up and everyone survived the diaper bombing.
The debate at the General Assembly a week ago today resulted in a decision to move in a "trajectory" in the direction of allowing practising homosexuals to be ministers. This is against the will of the membership as surveyed by a Special Commission questionnaire. This is against the will of the majority of the worldwide church with whom we do want to retain a real sense of unity. But more importantly it is clearly against Scripture.
- I read 51 books! -
They then finished with Dum Mast Qalandar, which just oozed energy – it was at this point that you could almost feel Ustad Ji on stage with them. By the end Rahat Ji had 12,000 people on their feet!
A good way to start looking at personal networks is by mapping out the different layers, or “circles” of relationships in a person’s life. This approach, developed by Jack Pierpoint, Marsha Forest and Judith Snow, looks at relationships as a series of concentric rings around the focal person, where each ring represents different layers of relationships:
She was on the best dressed list continually and received the Neiman Marcus
I've been wanting to try half-square triangles for awhile now, so I thought I'd give those a go, but of course this being my first time I had to do them quite small. Not that they're really difficult or anything but I like to make things hard on myself and burn my fingers with the iron while pressing them. I wanted to do a gradation from one colour to another and I had this idea in my head. I didn't have quite the right solids but they weren't too bad. The yellow is a bit out of place, but I didn't have an inbetween orange and yellow colour. They grade from a medium red (they all look much darker in this photo) to a peachy pink, to salmon, to orange and then to lightish yellow.
We are donating 50 cents for each legitimate comment we receive on all our blogs during March to the American Cancer Society.
So, when I realised that I had to write a novel with the fens as a backdrop, it was neither character nor plot which came to me first but theme. This had to be a book about the elements, so constant a presence in the fen landscape – a book about fire and water, earth and air. Ninepins is, on its surface, a standard work of women’s fiction, a book about families and relationships, about mothers and daughters. But percolating through it, like water beneath the reclaimed soil of the fens, lurks the thematic pull exerted by its setting. As I told my story, I found the same ideas kept intruding: of breath and breathing, fire and flood, choking and drowning.
‘Risk of injustice’
How wonderful.” – Calvin Tan
OBAMA: Thank God. What a blowhard! I wonder who’s going to bore me next?
Hope for light in darkness, for relief in distress, for strength in weakness, for joy in sorrow, for deliverance when sinking beneath the wave, and for life in death. Hope for all you need, and for all God has promised. Hope thou in God, and in God alone. Hope because God has spoken, because He is true and faithful, and you cannot hope in vain. The foundation of your hope is laid in the blood of Jesus and the oath of God.
I have rather neglected Arthur Jeffress of late, but I will return to him soon. It has occurred to me that he has been too easily dismissed in various accounts relating either to Elvira’s trial or his place in London social and cultural life. As with Hugh Wade, he could do with a bit of a reappraisal .Fortunately, someone much better qualified than myself is currently working on that very project.
Since it is school holidays I thought I'd better do something "proper" with the kids (and perhaps because we were all going stir crazy at home) so we went berry picking over near Orange, at Huntley Berry Farm. We spent over an hour wandering around picking our own, fresh, delicious berries, oh and tasting along the way of course too.
In the EU the 3G service is provided by Vodaphone, and the £279 price tag includes a free 4GB memory card, a PAYG SIM card which when topped up with £5 will get you a free downloadable game – WipEout 2048 – and 250 MB of data lasting up to 30 days with full Vodafone 3G connectivity.
Springtime is definately here in Wellington. All sorts of trees introduced from the Northern Hemisphere are starting to show their glorious blossoms and blooms, and the fruit trees are so welcome. My local supermarket has a garden section, with plants raised to cope with Wellington's frequent strong wind. A joy to view every springtime in New Zealand is the flowering of the native Kowhai Tree -
Since they never provided me with a satisfactory explanation, I therefore am publishing my suggested reply below in English translation. The original Norwegian text was published at the blog Snaphanen.
The only thing I would have changed would be to flip the order of the two dessert courses. The stout was so big on the palate that we lost some of the subtleties of the barleywine that came out afterward.
1) Maps, cameras and casual dress... Oh my!
This time she chooses
My second option was feasible, but not practical given the time of day. Every once in a while, the smell of barbecue or grill smoke comes in on little cat feet into our abode from one of our neighborly neighbors. However, as it was 7:30 in the morning, I deemed it highly unlikely that the people over the high walls and electrified fence would be firing up the barbie to char something.
The difference between
A Forest City spokesman told the Times--which covered the lawsuit, bizarrely, in the midst of an article about a Nets promotional event at Borough Hall--that 19 of the 36 "trainees found jobs in property management, retail or construction related positions." Unmentioned was whether any were high-paying union jobs; Caldwell has said only a few have such jobs.
Anyway, a friend gave him a Leinie sampler 12-pack, and he wanted to share the wealth. I thanked him, and left the four beers in the garage to chill. Last night I pulled out the Fireside Nut Brown and popped it. Whoa! Now I know what the "Natural flavor added" bit on the label means: they put hazelnut essence in here. That's going to make it hard for me to like this one, I just don't like hazelnuts, except for out of hand eating and in pastries. Not in coffee, not in beer. Not this one, not Rogue, not whatever. I liked the pecans in the Shiner Holiday Cheer, but hazelnut...yeesh.
Erases the dark scribbles from my heart
Two weeks ago, I was in Target on a Sunday. Always a bad idea. People were everywhere, and I was close to loosing my mind. Even a short trip for a quick errand had turned epic. Barreling toward the exit, a child darted out in front of me. “Holy crap” was the first thing out of my mouth, then I realized I had not hit the girl. A mother chased after the child, grabbed her by the arm, and shouted at me “you should have hit her. Then she may have learned something” – then smacked the little girl.
4. I’m determined to get something done today. Does drinking coffee count?
Her room is all ready for her arrival home....
It doesn't require any obscure ingredients (think 'can of tomato soup' rather than 'white truffle oil').
beautiful head,
Producers: Basil Iwany, Polly Johnsen
l. This section, with modifications, is taken from Administrative Circular No. 04-94 issued by the Supreme Court on February 8, 1994 for this purpose explained therein:
Okay, one shot is not going to be enough, I pour another and chug.
So new that their eyes are closed and their skin translucent.
1/4 cup potato starch
THIS MORNING
Tomorrow at 9 pm I will be set apart by my stake president as a full time missionary for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter day Saints. Whoa. How am I feeling? I don't really know. :) Ecstatic, mostly. Hormonally emotional about leaving people and crying way too frequently. I get really nervous sometimes, and then remember, It is true. I have a testimony of the Gospel of Jesus Christ and that is what I need. Heavenly Father qualifies those he calls, and he will help me to be the best missionary I can be if I put my trust in him.
Hello, and happy Friday!
This post goes straight to my positivism about ZA as I recall it, especially as a result of the leadership of Mandela. All of us in SA were influenced by his leadership and vision. Of course it rubbed off, and of course we were all ready to do our bit. And of course I still have bit of that old “Madiba Magic” in me today, as jaded as it may be…
R’IL’N: a planet sterilized by a nearby nova some two hundred thousand years ago. The human-like inhabitants, the R’il’nai, fled in several groups to other stellar systems, but the groups lost touch with each other.
Since the end of the financial year has arrived and reports need to be written he suggested we should walk the local paths so he had an idea of their condition. We set out for “a short walk” at 1.00 pm on Monday, him with a map and a large pair of clippers for clearing away brambles and me with a camera. I thought we should perhaps take food and drink, but he reckoned we’d only be gone for forty-five minutes or so and it wouldn’t be necessary. Two and a half hours later we were still walking, but by now I was hungry, thirsty and desperately needed the loo. He helpfully pointed at the nearest bush and assured me he would tell me if anyone was around, but I still couldn’t bring myself to go. He was fine, having no such modesty!
Men
This time blocking off and escalator…
Rochita: For many writers coming from colonized nations, the act of putting words on paper is fraught with certain matters. In this, I speak from my own experience of Filipino literature, how it was taught to me and how I absorbed what Filipino literature means to the Filipino.
10 reproduce
This is my dad's big old head at the Spice Market in Istanbul. That's his Turkey hat. Everyone thought he was Turkish. Luckily he speaks the language fairly well. Isn't Dad handsome?
The second round had games running. One was a multi-player Hordes of the Things hosted by Sam. I fought on the side of Tarzan and his mostly animal minions, losing horribly to an alliance of Conan and Jason and the Argonauts.
(Easter in the Land of Oz
“For I am gentle and humble in heart”
Snowflake punch: Martha Stewart
2. Be patient.
While getting crafty, many idea's went through my head. First I started with an Easter Bunny and eggs, to flowers (using Easter eggs) and then eventually, my idea came to me. I wanted to rejoice in Jesus. Hope you like it. Can't wait to see what you will share with us.
Now onto the most important part. How it stands up to the book. The book was better of course, they almost always are. They have more time and can be way more detailed. That being said I loved it. Sure I noticed the little changes here and there and they sped things along in some areas but they stayed surprisingly close to the book. I was not expecting things to be that close really and was pleasantly surprised. Sure did I miss a couple of lines I really wanted to see? Sure. They didn’t give as much Haymitch as I’d have liked and they cut a lot of the cave scene but that makes sense when you think it’s already a two and a half hour movie. They got the important parts in.
improvements have been completed.
Good hey!
This is why I think it will take a while for one of the big players to do what I just did in my kitchen: blending malt whisky and shochu. The idea occurred to me after reading a load of articles from the Scotsman newspaper (c. 1800-1900). I have been going back to the source material because there is such a lot of romantic claptrap talked about the development of whisky in the home countries.
*Cover in Saran Wrap and let raise until double in size (about an hour).
As ever, Lonely Planet have produced an interesting, authentic book that is a joy to read and look at. How often I’ll take it off the shelf to use, I’m not so sure.
If there is a sizeable number of people who think the constitution is illegitimate and the consensus around is weak, there is a risk down the line that this would make a coup (soft or hard) easier. Egypt will be naturally coup-prone in the next few years, and while the Brothers say they want consensus, the Salafists have a more winner-takes-all approach and want to nominate figures such as Sheikh Mohammed Hassan, a popular preacher, who will push for a very strict interpretation of Sharia
Tebow. People either love him or hate him.
Decade Infernus (Black Lotus Records 2004 - Yellow Printing error on spine)
so lots of time over the holidays to get a gift made
human energy – that was acquired without exchanging something else of
8. Kenny Rankin - In the Name of Love
Simple card but has really cute winter colors.
I pulled on a button up Thursday morning, and even though it isn't something I'd usually wear, Chris told me it was cute. Aaand Ryann asked me why I was wearing a boy shirt. Meh. While Ryann was at MDO I cleaned out the pantry. Fun stuff. She has an awesome cheese face and apparently thinks Jimmy John's stickers are mustaches.
All kettle bell swings went unbroken, but not unobserved or un-coached. Jack caught me coasting (as much as anyone swinging a 52 pound iron ball in front of themselves repeatedly can coast). My body was loose and the swings were soft all the way through. I was allowing momentum at the top of the swing, to dictate the range of motion and just letting it drop rather than driving the kettle bell down again. Jack caught me and coached me to tighten up and actively stop the top of the swing and violently drive the kettle bell back down. Whew! That’s a whole lot more work!
I highly recommend this book for toddlers and preschoolers. This would be an excellent book to read to a toddler class at church or preschool and even better for a mom to read to a child sitting in her lap.
And I'm sticking to it.
Who’ll Love It: This is a fantastic introduction to fundamentalism, and I say that as someone who has been following Christian culture in America with some interest. If you’ve never encountered the God Squad in the U.S. of A., you’ll get a broad-based view of them here. The book may highlight some of the kookier elements (like the Christian variant of World Wrestling Entertainment!) but it does so in a light, mostly-loving way. Judgment isn’t Radosh’s aim here, which is what gives the book its charm. Avid fundamentalist-watchers will find lots to love here as well, even if they’re already familiar with Answers in Genesis, Christian music, or Left Behind. The conversations with more nuanced thinkers within Christian culture will both inspire and challenge the reader. And I was absolutely riveted by an intensely personal scene in which Radosh, whose children were born through IVF, confronts a pro-life pamphleteer after reading his argument against artificial insemination.
I DO understand that "in the moment" questions about things that make zero sense to someone are kinda exceptions... but I've been noticing over the past year or so that not too many (read: not enough) people take the time to try to figure out things for themselves. Seems people are quick to ask how/why/when/where without bothering to think the answers are super easy to find. Hi Google! I ♥ you!
Many Wiccans follow in their core Raymond Buckland, Robert Cochrane, Alex Sanders, Scott Cunningham or any other initiators of what is today modern Wicca. I would ask them – how many have actually doubted in what they read from their books? If you recall, in their books, they too only interpreted what they had heard, collected, researched on. Reading that article, I felt as if adding anything to the knowledge you’ve read from people before you is sacred. Like texts in Bible – they must be copied without doubt or you’ll face the rage of your people! Isn’t it strange? Fearing to doubt those that come before us.
"But they said ..."
I was the princess that my prince was cooking a meal for.
But we also heard that there were “orders” from above “arahan dari atas” for the alleged brutality and crackdown.
He shimmered out, and I sat up in bed with that rather unpleasant feeling you get sometimes that you’re going to die in about five minutes. On the previous night, I had given a little dinner at the Drones to Gussie Fink-Nottle as a friendly send-off before his approaching nuptials with Madeline, only daughter of Sir Watkyn Basset, CBE and these things take their toll. Indeed, just before Jeeves came in, I had been dreaming that some bounder was driving spikes through my head — not just ordinary spikes, as used by Jael the wife of Heber, but red-hot ones.
For the Rascal Flatts fans, I have slightly altered Pieces.
The implementation of the current schemes such as NREGA might bring about a part of the required. But for the long term sustenance of the region a larger plan needs to be chalked out. A plan where a region is not left behind in the overall development of India, even if it means creating a new state.
07.The Beast Within
Now for the bad news first (then that's out of the way....) Sadly I did not make it through the final round for the Spellbinders DT contest. Obviously I was disappointed, but also just a little bit relieved as no doubt it would have been a huge commitment and now I can concentrate on other things. I will share the projects I made for the contest in the next few days.
The common denominator to these three classic concerts is that the star of the show is no longer alive, or the associated act has no chance of ever playing together. Also, it would be preferable to include some type of live performance accompaniment to enhance the show.
“And there were shepherds living out in the fields nearby, keeping watch over their flocks at night. An angel of Lord appeared to them, and the glory of the Lord shone around them, and they were terrified. But the angel said to them, ‘Do not be afraid. I bring you good news of great joy that will be for all the people. Today in the town of David a Savior has been born to you; he is Christ the Lord.’”
we’ve never drilled before but we’re world class
Welcome back Gossip Girl fans! It’s been a hell-hiatus without our favorite schemers and backstabbers but it’s finally over! Before the break, things were not looking good for a lot of the characters, especially due to the Ivy-Charlie fiasco.
I’ll bet university librarians up and down the land will be discussing this over the coming months, while eagerly awaiting the publication of Dame Janet Finch’s report.
I was on a roll; and that’s dangerous actually – somehow I had the temerity to unthinkingly complain “only knowing about this session being held today, quite late”. Stupid, stupid!… The judge glanced back at some previous note, noticed `something’ and asked that embarrassing question of: Why I did not attend the session on 31 Dec .
And greater, your pain, if you hear, once more,
Outline: BG10
Class time.
These lower levels of hormones, combined with some pro-inflammatory compounds and the free radicals, which are known to damage the cells, can also promote the wasting of muscle tissue which affects muscle fibers. Severe dieting, illness and/or extended bed rest also accelerates muscle loss.
You will be happy to note that Borges didn’t bother to post all of this prolific evidence to the contrary.
Bush Radio management has always received good feedback for Belinda’s pleasant and professional telephone manner.
The Department of Energy (DOE) constructed over 20,000 facilities to support nuclear weapons production and other activities, and approximately 5,000 of these facilities were identified as surplus in 1996 (DOE, 1997a). DOE’s strategy for managing its surplus facilities is to turn them over to its Office of Environmental Management (EM) to become part of EM’s overall site cleanup program (see Figure 2.1). EM will begin accepting additional facilities in 2002 and expects eventually to receive most of the remaining facilities. Many of these facilities are contaminated with radioactive materials and hazardous materials, such as mercury, asbestos, and lead. These facilities require continued monitoring and maintenance, because deterioration could eventually make them unsafe for workers to enter or increase the risk of releasing contaminants to the environment.
Here's my theory: The editors calling the shots at the big US publishing houses are all in the pay of the US television industry. TV tried to kill the printed word for decades, with a great deal of success, but there was always a diehard core of readers who refused to be defeated. Finally the TV execs have come up with a plan--if the industry refuses to die, it must be induced to commit suicide.
That is all for this week. I'm still on the months long, never-ending hunt for a craigslist dining table... cross your fingers it happens this week. If not, I'll find something else to tackle... as always :)
With my guitar beatin’ rhythm to the click-clack of the wheels
Preheat the oven to 190 degrees C.
Don’t get me wrong: I’m equal parts excited and terrified. I cannot wait to hear Charlaine Harris speak at Salem College. Nor can I wait for Thursday night when I listen to my loves, the Red Hot Chili Peppers.
But the hate wing of the Republican Party objected to Mr. Grenell because of his support for gay marriage and other gay related causes. These hate mongers did not care if the man was qualified for the position or not. Being gay or a gay supporter was, in their feeble and hate-filled minds, grounds for immediate dismissal.
We speed past the fraught making of Dancer In The Dark (her clash of wills with director Lars von Trier resulting in a vow to never act again) and Selmasongs, and move on to Vespertine, definitely not a warrior album (its working title was Domestika).
At the National Energy Regulator of SA (Nersa) hearings in Durban last month, Cosatu's Zet Luzipo and the SA Institute of Electrical Engineers warned that Eskom's proposed tariff hike would lead to more illegal connections because electricity users could not afford the cost of power.
start-ups, food makers and light industrial manufacturers," hopefully employing 400-500 people in a couple of years. (no word on how much local hiring is in the works). Additionally, Butler and his partners (who include Goldman Sachs and the guys who brought you the Toren) plan to set aside some space for good times. Writes the Journal, "one section of the property will be used for cultural events and another section will have a food and beer hall that will feature food vendors from the Brooklyn Flea, a flea market held on weekends in Fort Greene and Williamsburg. Mr. Butler envisions that the 9,000-square-foot food hall will have five or six different food vendors."
And our old lives
Pull those neutrals out of your stash and see how rich they can be when used as the featured fabrics. We have lots of great neutrals in stock and new ones coming soon, so get yourself a copy of this fabulous book, a few new fabrics and let the inspiration begin! You will never look at neutrals in the same way again!
In a statement, Howard said the initiative is the perfect marriage of how athletes can leverage celebrity status to make positive changes in their communities.
Point 1. Eviatar claims a steady schedule is essential. This includes times of the week you always write, as well as times of the day. So far so good. He also writes that you need to honor your own needs. Writing is not like turning on a switch and some amount of warm up is a good idea. He suggests looking at email, making coffee, or whatever else “sets the mood.”
If I Didn't Love You
Our first kick at it came in 1988. Rene had learned all 7 of our songs, and we’d written a batch of new ones so at our best, we could be reasonably entertaining for a full 30 minutes. We probably should have dropped the 45 minute sets.
but it's still one light."
a. What you would do when you were sick before kids: curl up in bed with a box of Kleenex, daytime TV and some OJ. This could feasibly go on for 3-4 days. People offer you chicken soup, drugs and whatever else you might need. Poor thing.
Ink: CTMH - Black
The Jesuits are also flooding the United States with aliens, most of which are Catholic. Not only are we being defeated by the Jesuit enemy within, we are constantly being invaded by an army of aliens from without. These aliens dilute the traditional American society that understands our Constitution and how it works. This makes it much easier for the Jesuits in congress to pass the unconstitutional laws so damaging to the United States. And, of course, along with these aliens come the people who actually blow up the buildings.
I didn’t end up getting back until 4 AM, to discover…..my roommate still awake. What the actual hell? How late do I have to stay out in order for her to be in bed before I am? Every single time I stay out she still is up later than I am, by at least half an hour. I don’t understand. Anyway, since she was up, I was as loud as I wanted and even took the time to call my mom and talk loudly.
Sorry for the long post.....its the coffee.....and my lack of time to blog lately.......or talk with friends......or even talk to J for that matter. In other words I am bursting. Looking forward to "getting it all out" with some good friends tomorrow. Yeah!
1141 **D-V/14/1992. “Earthly Happiness and the Yearning for Personal Immortality.” Lenoir-Rhyne College HickoryHumanities Forum, Wildacres Conference Center, Little Switzerland, North Carolina. (Incorporated in Item C-1992(12), pp. 738-51.) See Item C-2000(2), above.
On Monday I decided to make a Christmassy brooch and after a bit of pondering I settled on a poinsettia . I touch of red to contrast with my grey coat and grey cowl...........
But I say the heart advises these goals and lays the foundation for the reader’s emotional attachment. In fact, the heart is the only reason to care whether the character achieves any of their goals. Heart gives humanity to the book. And humanity, not the cleverness of a hook, endears the reader to the story. It gives readers emotional entrance not just mental entanglement.
Many of us that have been in a leadership position or are in one have at one time or another lost the awe of leading..
I can't wait!
I’m also a huge believer in flexibility and non-attachment for goals. If your goals just aren’t going to work with the more important priorities in your life one week, make up for it next week or simply let it go altogether. I know this thought might be nearly sacrilegious to some, but if I didn’t take this approach I wouldn’t be able to write at all—I’d be too uptight.
- Cloth stem wire wire 22 gauge (mine was 45 cms long)
Kaur and his son Amrik have little choice but to cling on to hope of being one with Singh in this lifetime. BSF records still read him as a martyr and the Indian authorities haven’t been able to make tangible headway to secure the release of a martyr”.
I think classical music makes us smarter. Or it simply gave me a changed state of perspective. In the world of life management, it is essential to stop trying to keep up with the demands constantly placed upon us to have, do, be, absorb, and carry, and instead demand that we give ourselves time to gain a sense of peace. And to find it, all it requires is the ability to stop trying to get a piece and simply receive peace. So often, I see and coach people (including myself!) that are living life at the speed of technology. And our minds and bodies just aren’t cut out to do this. And when our systems start to get overloaded, we wonder what’s wrong with us. We are all seeking a piece of peace, yet we’re so busy trying to get a piece of everything available, we lose the peace of the puzzle we need to most.
In all, a week after Christmas, our only things tossed were some gravy, a small bit of roast beef, a bit of cranberry sauce that my kids eschewed, a small plate of leftovers my husband had fixed for work then forgotten (a miscommunication for us both), and the cheesy corn dip from a New Year's Eve party that had to be tossed due to being out for six hours.
Hands up, confessions and sackcloth all round: yes, I’ve been sniffy about celeb biographies. Well, I’m a convert now, and I don’t even care if they’re ghosted or not. I went on my Easter hols to remote Colonsay and I thought I’d take along a little light gossip, so along came Russell Brand and Jade Goody. And what do you know, I loved ’em both. It turns out that celeb memoirs work the same way for me as books of any genre – the crucial thing is the truth of it all.
* The flag is actually that of the State of Mississippi, but you get my point.
2I was dumb with silence, I held my peace, even from good; and my sorrow was stirred.
I wont get into the whole argument, but I found it interesting when the topic of racism in television was brought up, especially when my teacher mentioned The Bachelor. I am not a die-hard fan of this show, but I did get myself sucked in to a few seasons that had a bachelor or bachelorette that I actually found interesting, so when he mentioned this show as a racist one, I was confused.
This Easter I'm making these homemade bunny "Oreos" (chocolate sandwich cookies" to share with relatives. I think the trial batch I baked of them turned out really cute, and they were definitely delicious.
Minion3: Ya well, my mate took home this like older lady on the weekend, I think she was like 40 or something, and he like shagged her senseless. He was woken up in the morning when her son walked in the room. My friend was like, “weren’t we in the same class at school?"....
What I'm looking forward to: Packing away the guest room bed, and getting this room going. Can't wait to start hanging and decorating, all the fun things!
Khaw Boon Wan, Minister for National Development, said in his latest blog post that the data is ‘reassuring’, as “the application rates suggest that our policies are responding well to the diverse needs of our flat buyers.”
Recently Megaupload and Filesonic were taken down along with every other site that was associated with these two (like megavideo). So a question pops up who's next? What am I going to do if Mediafire gets taken down?
After my experiences at the tree and creek in the morning I was up for anything – sight, sound, revelation – anything. I was no longer surprised at what I would see nor would I ever be again. After a morning of flying with crows, swimming with fish, and standing in the middle of a tree trunk my mind was conditioned for accepting whatever would flash before my eyes.
I was recently sent “Uncle Sam’s Plantation” written by Star Parker and published by Thomas Nelson. I received this book and read what I already felt was true. She, Ms. Parker, drills down to the core the reality of the Welfare system and the prisoners it keeps.
Gunnlaug saw the great mocking hereunder, and much jeering was brought into the play; and withal he went away silent.
I've been playing in The Captain's Quarters for about 6 hours now, and what have I got to show for it? One card. Yes, one. You see, it all started last night when I thought I'd lost my Memory Box ARBOSCELLO TREE die. This die:
All of my Passion
I must be mentally ill or something, or disgusted with the mediocreness of existence that I just do not belong in this age or this world or town, country or what have you. The fight in me is confused as to where to aim and is not patience enough to see what things I do that assault my common enemy, I can win for a short stint, but then I backslide with a vengeance, 1 step forward 17 steps back!
If you really love Sherri Hill dresses, you can definitely find one for your formal that suits your needs perfectly. There are all sorts of things to think about when you're looking for the perfect dress, though. Here are just a few things you might want to consider that will help you get a dress that's just right for you.
Words, people. Words are powerful. I am not talking about the sticks and stones school rhyme sort of thing. I am talking about living, breathing things that don’t die and don’t go away and get stuck in the creepy corners of the back of your mind and feed off anything that comes in their path. Words are not nothing. This is a skin cancer, cancer yes, but they slice the thing off, you get a little more vigilant with sunscreen and you move on. Right? Right. Except not always. Enter the words. Words spoken to me years ago, flippantly, with no expectation to do anything other than ease my mind and her discomfort. I hear over and over in my head—People don’t die of cervical cancer anymore, it is hardly worth worrying about. Enter skin cancer—people don’t die of moles. It is hardly worth worrying about. Right? Except my mother was dead in less than two years time. I don’t want to die.
In researching Wolf Blood my last book I discovered two things that I longed to include but which, though true, simply didn’t fit in the story I was trying to tell. I tried to weave them in but they didn’t work and in the end my firm inner editor consigned them to the ‘trash’.
“She figured getting baptized would be the best way start this new chapter in her life. It’s a new beginning.”
There are no words that can describe. No human prayer big enough to cover the loss. To ease the pain.
a book and wrote kind things on
1 1/2 cups mayonnaise (make sure this is good mayo like Duke’s – and no cheating with the low fat stuff!!)
Nelson Mandela has to this day, NEVER said a word against the murders in South Africa, never, because he condones it, it has always been part of his plan. See Nelson Mandela: Speech on Release from Prison, 1990.
He believes in the ‘dictatorship of the proletariat’.
And wonder how you built it all,
But, there’s more to him than that. After all, Clark’s acting career of over sixty movies extended through the history of the studio system. He began in silent movies and by the time he left, MGM was on the ropes and stars like him were leaving the studios to work independently. The story of Clark Gable is the story of the golden era of movie-making, of classic Hollywood, and yet it ends with one of the great movies made outside of the studio system, The Misfits.
Well, she does. It's just embarrassing to admit I talk to myself. But if I'm going to admit it anywhere, it may as well be on the world wide web.
areas that Benue can focus
Will there still be backwards steps? Sure. For the past week I have cried my eyes out all over again, triggered by my husband’s business trip, grieving about everything, and feeling like I had fallen way, way down again. I probably drove my coach James batty with my wild fluctuations in moods and insecurities. But I want to start rediscovering that sense of self that I had lost in my trauma. I WILL move forward.
2 p NEEDS Fit by SESSIONS FIT
On a side note I have to give the San Diego Chargers props for drafting Ryan Mathews! More on him to come…
At breakfast this morning our family was talking about joy. I've been struggling this week with being in a sort of mental funk- wanting to complain about everything and definitely not exhibiting joy. It came in handy as I was able to use myself as the example to the kids of what happens when a person lacks gratitude. Ha.
Queens Expressway (BQE) between Carroll Gardens and Cobble Hill also in Brooklyn. Just south of Atlantic Avenue, the BQE dips into a depressed section of roadway bordered on either side by Hicks Street. Continuing straight through to the entrance to the Brooklyn Battery Tunnel, this sunken highway divides Cobble Hill and Carroll Gardens from the river and the community along Columbia Street.
This is a super busy week here at the saltycrunchy house. P's birthday was yesterday and C's birthday is this coming Tuesday and we are celebrating both of them on Sunday, because we can't do it on Saturday because C will just be coming home from an overnight band thing and H has to volunteer at a charity function. Whew! I am tired. And I still have to make two birthday cakes, zut alors!
Unfortunately for Julia and all teen girls, those advertising dollars keep our photoshopped magazine on the racks and pay our salaries.
Tanith Lee – The Hill
“How long do I have to stay like this?” she enquired.
The one we waited a week to till for called and seems happy with the effort. He indicated he’d pay up “when I get paid.”
And finally Thursday's lunch. Another success. Since it's still technically summer for another couple of weeks I thought a couple of ice cream cone pb and J sandwiches would be fun with the rolled turkey meat, sliced peach, tomato balloons, gold fish crackers and gummies. Again, nothing was spared. Woo hoo.
So I sit here, trying to read the current Hulk books, trying to give it a fair chance. But I read about General Ross and Betty Ross being the Red Hulk and the Red She-Hulk respectively and I think, what idiot thought this shit was a good idea? Hulk is simplicity in itself. Bruce Banner gets pissed off, becomes Hulk, Hulk smashes whatever pissed Banner off. Next story.
I am proud of myself. I post 3-6 posts of baloney a day, and when this one fills up I'll start another.
The Brigade from UC Irvine was set up in the village’s old three room schoolhouse and in a new school under construction from the Architecture Brigades. This day was actually rather quiet. Not that many people showed to attend the clinic. As we learned, in the weeks prior to a Medical Brigade clinic, GB staff visit several communities surrounding the clinic location and coordinate which day the community will attend the clinic. Town A on Day 1, Town B on Day 2 and so forth. And this day just so happened to be slower than the others. Several dozen patients. But we learned afterwards, the UCI Medical Brigade treated more than 800 patients during their three-day clinic.
Hope you all enjoy your weekend and remember what you did.!!
Listening to music by Explosions In The Sky – I vote that we listen to that at work because it is so peaceful and calming. I need peaceful. I crave it. When I get home from work, I somewhat dread it. Not that I don’t like our apartment (who am I kidding, my boyfriend and I hate it) but it’s a total wasteland. We have too much stuff. We’re not hoarders by any means, but the last thing I want to do after getting home is sort an area of a room and hope it’ll stay like that for at least a month. I’m partly to blame on this, because when we do clean/straighten up, it doesn’t last. We’re hoping by the time we move into THE BEST PLACE EVER things will change. As in, no clutter. Anywhere. During the moving process, I’ll be going through a major purging. I cannot wait to get rid of a lot of my stuff. Clothes that I don’t wear/no longer fit/not me; bookcase that I still like very much but it won’t match our decor. It cost me maybe $50 at Target in 2005, so it isn’t a big investment at all. It’s just survived all the moves I’ve made since then. I have a hard time of letting things go.
Format: Paperback, Kindle
I’ve admitted that what I said may have been justified but it wasn’t helpful. But I’m not the only one, and I’m by no means the worst. I’m tired and thoroughly sick of people talking Bradford down, and it hurts most when Bradfordians do it. Chieftains of these are the commenters on the Telegraph & Argus website: the blinkered, bigoted, pessimistic shit they shovel never ceases to amaze and disappoint; the swiftness with which they can turn a story on any subject, no matter how sanguine, into a diatribe on the contemptible state of my city never ceases to astound and dismay. Distressingly, I’m so angered I can’t even pity the sad fools who spend day after day, hour after hour, sat alone tippy-tapping, whinging and whining about a city they can’t love, won’t visit and shouldn’t be allowed to discuss. I could repeat their vile diatribes; I could repeat their invectives ad nauseum; I could, but I won’t. I refuse! I’ll do it my way and kill them with kindness by making sure, from now on, I comment on the T&A’s positive stories with positive reactions and, if you join me, we’ll be on our ship and sailing away whilst we leave them buggers to drown.
As though, marooned in an airport lounge,
If one is already having problems sleeping, a purring cat on the shoulder does not make things easier.
I usually buy most of these from Whole Foods Market, but I’m sure they’re available in many other places.
Anyway, about the time we got ready to go, I put Annie's leash on. I turned to talk to someone, and Annie was behind me. Suddenly she lurched at another dog - and pulled me straight off my feet - backwards. I landed ON Annie. She let out a yelp, got up and wouldn't put weight on one of her hind legs. (Hey, I don't weigh THAT much.) As for me, it seemed like a soft landing, and nothing hurt.
So when I left you last, I had just emptied out all the drawers and put all of my old and duplicated items into a box to donate.
Somehow without a sound, I heard Him call my name.
Years later, with the kids out on their own, you go grocery shopping one day in September, and there they are.
Best in Show
AS: Your series Thresholds was included in the seminal book New Color/New Work, by Sally Eauclaire, published in 1984, which places you among the masters of early color photography, including Stephen Shore, Joel Sternfeld, Mitch Epstein and William Eggleston. As one of the few photographers celebrated for color photography during this time did you have the sense that your work was challenging the conventions of art photography? Was there camaraderie among your contemporaries that spoke of this movement and pushed the work towards greater acceptance?
Coffee is my friend.
PRIZE 7 - 2 large sets of LOTV Sentiments
One of the problems with narcissists, however, is that they do not respect boundaries. They will use private information against you in the workplace, for example. Things that you say in jest or in confidence; or, more correctly, things that you believe were set in jest or in confidence, will often come back to haunt you.
Arriving on Bondi Beach, pear-shaped, lily-white and clutching a bottle of factor 30, she has two options: 1/ Hide out in the Irish pubs or 2/ Get with the programme. Join Emily as she falls for Sam, the hot barista, and meets her nemesis in Kiki, the Japanese surf siren. Bondified, and bent on perfection, will Emily be saved from the surgeon's scalpel? Can she win Miss Bondi, and does love mean reading between the tan lines? Find out this summer!"
I am really struggling with this. I already buy generic when I can and I have been trying to limit my processed food intake (which is just more expensive and time consuming.) I already gave up on dying my hair (at least until it has been repaired) and nail techs and stylists alike weep when I pass by. I am not a girly girl, I don’t need to have the newest purse or pair of shoes…I never have. I don’t spend a lot of time or money on anything in particular. I do have a problem with caffeine intake as I found out yesterday when I tried not drinking any and ended up with a splitting headache. I could try to give up coffee, but nobody likes it when my head hurts. I could give up drinking…I know I am better off for it. I could go through my craft things…but I am not going to give up any of the five passions, that is not even part of the equation.
We’ve met some really nice packs at the park, like the Iggy+Iggy+Whippet in the early afternoon crew and the Deerhound+Iggy+Iggy trio that Bowpi has flirted with in the past. One of the most exciting, and difficult groups to photograph (to me) is the Whippet+Whippet+(+Whippet?)+Iggy+Iggy+Iggy+Silken Windhound pack that I have tried so often to capture, all in vain.
I felt incredibly lucky to be there at all - reservations had filled up quickly mere minutes after word spread about the event. By the time I called them at pretty close to the crack of dawn that day, there was already a waitlist of 72 people ahead of me.
With life comes experience
A1. First Use All The G's (10:05)
I will be giving away a gift certificate for $10.00 to Creative Kuts to one Lucky Winner.
This post and the trip I'm going to write about have both been a long time coming. Hard to believe the trip to New York has already been over a week ago. Life and time just passes too quickly for my liking these days!
As you’d expect from Disney, it’s a charming tale playing on the childhood hope of meeting magical creatures at the bottom of the garden; where both parties push the boundaries of their fears to discover new strengths.
And, retro-chic that’s classy as opposed to the shoddy stab at the same genre by the designers of Team Sky’s dreadful 2010 outfit which, incidentally, hung alongside the Rapha jersey on the same clothing rail.
Creativity is far less subjective and ethereal than some make it sound. As much a function of our habits as our “genius” or inspiration, creativity takes discipline. Here are four ways to enhance your creativity.
In cases like that, I'm an emotional rock - strong as fuck and laid to rest.
2 - All businesses online need content .
I penetrated the massive new Bonnier stand to see Helen Boyle, Commissioning Editor for Templar. It was quite a contrast to their last year's stand. They even had their own coasters! And a sofa to wait on. "Actually there's a kitchen behind that door," Helen told me.
Maria :)
The whole 2wks were the best of my life every day was perfect, he made everyday all the more special. Especially the day when we went on a Cruise to Victoria Canada, he proposed with a gorgeous engagement ring, and I accepted. I know Clayton is the one I am truly meant to be with and share my life with to the full; it’s funny how it all started over an IM 6 years ago. We were married 6 July 2004.
Now on to my argument: accessible post-secondary education provides both individual and collective benefits. If an individual invests wisely in post-secondary studies she is likely to find higher paying work upon graduation and will earn more over the course of her career. On a collective level we as a society benefit from having more people graduate from universities because it makes us smarter, innovative, and more competitive. As such, it is to our benefit to have well-funded world class universities which act as engines of economic growth.
If you are participating in Metamorphosis Monday: Please be sure to add your permalink below, and not your general blog address. To get your permalink, click on your post name, then just copy and paste the address that shows up in the address bar at the top, into the "url" box for the picture linky. You'll also need to put your e-mail address in, but don't worry, it will not be visible to anyone.
and in an upstairs bedroom
Is there anything I haven't fessed up to on this blog? If I haven't, rest assured, I HAVE fessed up somewhere and I expect somebody will re-print it one of these days. ;)
Sam Adams created their outrageously expensive Utopia at 24 and 27% alcohol. I guess they figured Beer Geeks would pay big bucks for a science experiment.... and of course, they did! Not many people will admit they paid the price today, but da bottle is really pretty!
neighbors listen thorough the wall
I might not be Lou Gehrig, but I consider myself fairly lucky.
We have talked here too, and in other blogs, about how all this fits together and tried, often unsuccessfully, to plot a road ahead. CAMRA, as an important component of the British beer scene is looking at it too and I'm part of a small working party reporting to the National Executive on the subject. We are in the process of formulating ideas and I'd like to hear your views against the background I have set out. While we haven't fixed our remit in stone yet, it is along the lines of "How should CAMRA react to the growth of craft beer and specifically to the small but growing craft keg sector?"
And suddenly I saw us all as the ordinary folk of a Reformation world - the world of Galileo and Columbus, Newton and Harvey - the world that could turn the space inside a great, Gothic cathedrals on its axis, so that the people gathered round a pulpit to hear an argument rather than before an altar to witness an event. I heard what was said as something akin to Luther's and Bucer's argument: that we should return to the plain, unmediated origins of our experience, and keep hold of the raw, analogue, temporal business of being human creatures who exist in space and time and community, so that we can take it with us as we also grasp the new opportunities of the new age, for art and understanding.
Third Doctor Season 9
We (very briefly) visited my grandma, then visited my grandpa's grave since today is the 8th anniversary of his death. Not a cheerful anniversary. I love the Jewish custom of leaving a small stone on the headstone. It feels more personal being able to leave something more lasting than flowers at a grave...
Dad and I sewing when I was about 5....not sure what Dad was making!
The above examples illustrate that the key to discerning the ethicality of most actions is context. Does this action negatively affect someone? If so, who? Directly or indirectly? Do the benefits outweigh the costs? Is there a greater good at stake?
As I write in this blog, I try to use things that God is showing me in my own life.
And when at last I find you
I really like the concept of the Khador war dog. I’m a bit of a dog person anyway, so there’s that bias, but they provide great defensive bonuses to their Warcaster in-game. While a War Dog is near its master, the Warcaster cannot be snuck up on from behind, can leave combat while the dog runs interference for them, and has the benefit of a faithful companion capable of biting through bone and armour, and able to sniff out a threat a mile away.
So imagine my surprise today, while I was fixing a snack in the kitchen, when Junebug yells from the dining room, "Mama! Do you have two egg cells left?"
To go further, she needed a degree.
Nanobrewery update:
Brace yourself; this is going to be good.
“Hurry up T” I shouted at him, as he’s sat at the table doing his daily Sudoku, “if we are catching the train to Hereford, we need to get going”
Every 5 days or so I get the urge to buy something. Quite frankly this is not good for anyone involved, particularly my bank account. This week I'm justifying it with "My birthday is on Monday.. I must need to buy every piece of Zara's spring collection" attitude. But still. It's a problem. Here are a few random things I want to buy but have no business purchasing:
Or whiten in the wind, of waters blue
It's weird.
This year the Pirates started Wilson again at AAA and he has been more consistent in his former starting role. Last night, Wilson combined with two other pitchers for a no hitter for the Indianapolis Indians against the Durham Bulls. He pitched 7.2 innings and struck out 9 while walking only 2. Two other pitchers were used to finish out the game.
give thanks you're alive and for those you love and who love you, don't wait for a congressionally approved holiday to be grateful. try that every day.
This is issued when a tornado is indicated by the WSR-88D radar or sighted by spotters; therefore, people in the affected area should seek safe shelter immediately. They can be issued without a Tornado Watch being already in effect. They are usually issued for a duration of around 30 minutes.
Mylune, an overly energetic dryad, scampers in and starts hugging Mortimer frantically. Mortimer appears generally confused but doesn’t put up much of a fight.
In October, they should just do trick or treating. Each gallery would pass out candy. Good candy, not art treats, or homemade candy, but Snickers and Butterfingers. It would end in some big art party at a loft instead of a raffle, with everyone dressed as sexy devils, sexy vampires, sexy Frankensteins, sexy wolfmens/womens, sexy mummies and sexy zombies.
My cousin, Shasta, bought Sheldon when he was just a baby when she was on Spring Break in Florida several years ago. She then passed him onto some friends of ours, Dan & Jennifer. They kept him for their boys in their home until they moved recently out of state. They decided to not take him when they moved, so he needed a new home. That is where we come in.
A few of the roses, including the Knockouts, 'Old Blush,' 'Dortmund,' and 'Caldwell Pink' still carry a few blooms, as well.
What's your quiet place?
Together for so long
Wafa Sultan: They are people of this region, as is evident from the Islamic books and the Koran itself.
With Felipe de Castro, the Vampire King of Louisiana (and Arkansas and Nevada), in town, it’s the worst possible time for a body to show up in Eric Northman’s front yard—especially the body of a woman whose blood he just drank. Now, it’s up to Sookie and Bill, the official Area Five investigator, to solve the murder. Sookie thinks that, at least this time, the dead girl’s fate has nothing to do with her. But she is wrong. She has an enemy, one far more devious than she would ever suspect, who’s out to make Sookie’s world come crashing down.
11. L. B. Boogie (Christiansen, Oberg, La Grand) 9:20
Consultation. This is the right of the licensee to contact the licensor by mail, telefax, telex or telephone through representatives appointed by each party.
-k8edid
12. Live before them the life of a prudent, lowly, loving, meek, self­denying, patient, harmless, holy heavenly Christian. (10)
understanding will have people celebrating the changes, instead of
So Mike/Irving changes into a wolfman every so often, chases and catches women and brings them back to the cave as Aluc makes women appear to him from inside their homes, hotel rooms, what have you. And believe it or not, a lot of female nudity, simulated Sixties sex and lame-brained coincidences ensue right up to the end, which is about as doltish as you'd expect.
I downloaded some photography videos of Rob Heyman. I was watching it last night while talking to Tatlim and I got inspired with his works and also with his motto, KISS ~”Keep It Simple, Stupid!”
Values are not a subject that a teacher can cover in a classroom in a 50 minute period. A student enters school with a set of values already acquired, from the society and most importantly home. Some students will share in values because of similarities in up-brining, culture, and background. Not all students will have similar values and it will be in the classroom that often the students will have an opportunity to share and discover values that others have.
someone unfortunate without housing; poor people who unfortunately do not have a home to live in; carries all thier possessions with her in shopping bags; people without possessions or wealth; without nationality or citizenship; “stateless persons” ; not settled or established; “an unsettled lifestyle”…
To reinforce this concept further, the students took turn role playing different situations in which they could practice this new skill.
So we might say that, while architects are busy trying to reimagine traditional building typologies and architectural programs—such as the Library, the Opera House, the Airport, the Private House—these sorts of formally original, though sometimes aesthetically kitsch, designs that we are examining here come not from an architecture firm at all, or from a particular school or department, but from a recreational sports firm pioneering brand new spatial environments.
Sprinkle some flour on your worktop and roll out the dough, this should be no thicker than 2mm.
Finally
What was your favorite part(s) of Mother's Day?
I’ve noticed that most people tend to keep to themselves when they ride on the subway and they ignore the wonderful opportunity that they have to really get to know someone that they might otherwise never run into. Like, when riding in Manhattan, it is not uncommon to sit near a woman who is on her way to a photo shoot. What better way to start your day than to talk to an up and coming model who just happens to be sitting within a few feet of you?
penalty of “DEATH” under the British Official Secrets
The type B collector is someone who may not have a list of certain cards he or she wants, but rather a more general requirement (i.e. Barry Larkin cards rather than 1987 Topps #648). This person may also have a trade list of a similar nature - i.e. available cards sorted by player or team rather than by specific sets and card numbers.
Ultimately, Max Payne works because it's a perfectly-executed action game with a thoroughly-developed central character and a knowing black humour about its own nature (without ever disappearing up its own posterior). Where the game falters is towards its end, when the thematic and character arcs are not brought to as satisfying a resolution as the revenge plot. Payne achieves some of his objectives, but is still left as a battered, traumatised person. It falls to Max Payne 2: The Fall of Max Payne to provide the resolution for Payne's character that is required.
“That’s a good kid right there,” Drozdowski said of Kodie. “He’s as redneck as they come, and he is a work horse. If it were my daughter he married, I’d be proud.”
Dougie and Bryan have kindly offered guest posts, but I'm still a couple short, so if anyone wants to guest post and can get it to me by tea-time tonight (UK time), I will love you eternally and maybe even let you peel my sunburn. Just email me it if you can/want to.
I woke up this morning feeling like the British economy- depressed and in decline. I went back to sleep and consequently missed my last class of the year and subsequently achieved absolutely nothing. I sat around for a bit and then put a load of washing on. When that was done, I hung it up, and thought about how best to use the hours of daylight left to me.
Excerpt: Al "Crucify Them" Armendariz resigned from the Environmental Protection Agency this week, for the mistake of telling it like it is. All he leaves behind is an entire administration of Al Armendarizes.
“I await your reply. Did it happen just when
19. Unschoolers can (and will) be successful in life (with or without college) because they posses the internal motivation and skills to pursue anything they desire.
Quick over its surface play'd,
This is a terrific wine that feels as though it has been made purely in the vineyard and not the winery, it is balanced and not forced or overworked at all and is more mineral and the oak is in a more supporting role than is normal in Spain – 91/100 points.
Very few of the original ANZACs remain with us now. They were the young men – boys really – of the Australian and New Zealand Army Corps who marched off to defend ‘the motherland’ at the beginning of the First World War, only to be pinned down on the cliffs of Gallipoli, pawns in a game of politics being conducted by London. It was a disastrous campaign, ending in massive casualties and ignominy, yet over the intervening decades, ANZAC has come to represent the maturation of the young nation of Australia (barely fifteen years old itself at the time), to the point that young people today see it as the first step in real independence from Great Briton. And there’s something to be said for that.
I can't wait to get to the gate's at least they have some restaurants there.
Losing the HRM signal and never getting it back:
As I mentioned, Anthony and I went out on Saturday night. Anthony had mentioned before that we should try and do stuff that doesn’t involve eating. This was our first venture into that.
No, something spiky but harmless. Mother's pin-cushion. No, the shape was more like one he'd once seen Mrs. Tofarn using, an ugly thing that was supposed to be the shape of a dog's head. Yes, the shape fit. Rel concentrated-
Next time I'll post pictures of them awake so you can enjoy their sweet little personalities in still form. I never stop being amazed at how much I love these two.
11.Russia 41
STUPID SHITTY SHU HAVING TO KILL MANA AND GAI AT THE SAME TIME
This is magic defined… illusion and subterfuge. Nothing more.
Place the dates, water and baking soda in a bowl, mix and allow to stand for 5 minutes. Transfer to a food processor, add the butter and sugar and process until well combined. Add the eggs, one at a time, and process well. Pour over the flour mixture and mix well with a wooden spoon. Pour batter into prepared pan and bake for 30-35 minutes or until risen and cooked when tested with a toothpick. Allow to cool in the pan, then carefully unmold. Cut into squares or diamond shapes and dust with icing sugar to serve.
All these qualities together and way of life transmitted through generations for the welfare of people, expressed through language and actions are included in culture.
“What are these rectangle things?” Hank asked, looking and pointing at the picture again.
Date Bowl W/L Opponent PF PA January 1, 1947 Rose Bowl W UCLA 45 14 January 1, 1952 Rose Bowl W Stanford 40 7 January 1, 1964 Rose Bowl W Washington 17 7 December 29, 1982 Liberty Bowl L Alabama 15 21 January 2, 1984 Rose Bowl L UCLA 9 45 December 31, 1985 Peach Bowl L Army 29 31 December 29, 1988 All-American Bowl L Florida 10 14 January 1, 1990 Florida Citrus Bowl W Virginia 31 21 January 1, 1991 Hall of Fame Bowl L Clemson 0 30 December 31, 1991 John Hancock Bowl L UCLA 3 6 December 30, 1992 Holiday Bowl L Hawai 17 27 December 31, 1994 Liberty Bowl W E Carolina 30 0 December 30, 1999 MicronPC.com Bowl W Virginia 63 21 January 1, 2002 Sugar Bowl L LSU 34 47 January 1, 2008 Rose Bowl L USC 17 49 December 29, 2010 Texas Bowl W Baylor 38 14 Total 16 Bowl Games 7-9 398 354
I’ve recently started to hold myself accountable for all that I’ve been doing and striving for with my goals.
Hubby and I are planning a trip to N.Z. in February, stopping off at Oatlands this week on the way home we popped into Oatlands hand made and I just couldn't resist this satchel to take away with me. It is made by madeit.com.au/stalley
a-sailin' sailin'
It also motivates me to do something for the more than 27 million others enslaved around the world.
Speaking of his Daddy/my love...he was about to walk out the door for work this morning and he had sprayed a cologne that he had not worn in ages. Its my favorite one of his and the second I smelled it, it took me back to when we first started dating! :) I honestly love how smells can take you to places you miss and places that hold special memories in your heart. It did that for me this morning and made me smile. Real big. Love him even more today than I did 7 years ago when I got that first whiff of his deliciousness :)
Considering what's happened in Greece and Italy, count yourself lucky you have a government that looks something like a democratically elected representative assembly.
-Blend the butter at room temperature till smooth.
Stamps: Button Buddies, Family Reunion
My Mother's Day? I got to sleep in (until 9:30!), and then got taken to brunch here. I recommend it. My gifts were so awesome, that I hesitate to post photos, for fear your eyes may explode in your skull due to the pure coolness. But here you go:
You should not prepare the topping until the bread you’ve selected to bake is almost finished rising (~15 minutes from baking).
Manner #3 Do not interrupt grown-ups who are speaking with each other unless there is an emergency. They will notice you and respond when they are finished talking.
The Good That Won't Come Out - Rilo Kiley
One more round of thanks and then I have to go tend to the other tradition-- making a dark chocolate raspberry cake with fresh whipped cream. Parenting-- as I don't have to tell those of you with kids-- is really the most humbling activity in which one can partake. To say I made a few errors along the way is like saying... oh somebody help me here, what's a ridiculous funny analogy? Uh... well it's to say that Springsteen wrote an occasional decent song here and there. The mistakes I made using my patented Error & Error Parenting Technique (TM) could fill many tomes. Along the way so many of you stuck by us, helped me through the first shitty divorce, the second shitty divorce, and many questionable decisions in between. I thank you more than you can ever know.
Fall Creek Falls State Park contains five major waterfalls and we saw all of them. By the time we got to Cane Creek Cascade we were holding hands (Yeah!). It wasn’t too much later that I got my first kiss. (Double Yeah!!!)
Don’t get me wrong, I still don’t hate them (in fact I said I loved them earlier in the post) but I just hate that one part of the whole playsuit/romper/jumpsuit experience. I wish there was a solution to this issue but right now I cannot think of any other than having a zipper through the middle and not to wear them at all are my only solutions.
1. Queen of Hearts
Yet another fascinating aspect of yawning is the relationship between yawning and stretching, also called ‘pandiculation’. In humans as well as in animals, yawning is invariably accompanied by stretching upon waking up after sleeping, but almost never before falling asleep.
Decision opposed by technology industry leaders, disability community, academics
and slow going, due to the translation interrupts in-between talks.
Don’t wear inappropriate clothing
Regular readers of this blog will know by this point that my efforts to make sense of the shape of the emerging deindustrial future involve the occasional odd detour, and one of those is central to this week’s post. Mind you, those same regular readers may be wondering if the detour in question has to do with Ben Bernanke’s secret name as a Sith Lord, a point which occupied some space in comments on a recent Archdruid Report. (The best proposal so far, in case you’re wondering, was Darth Flation – think (in)Vader, (in)Sidious, etc.)
Don't comment unless you're actually golfing at the time. Actually don't even read the above point unless you're personally swinging the club, and if you are, let me tell you, according to the etiquette that phone/ laptop/ other wireless device is not supposed to be out if you're swinging. Bad golfer!
I just love their glistening vines collection seen below, they make for a perfect winter layout. But
Q: In CHINA LAKE, you captured the voice of religious extremism in a pitch-perfect way. How did you manage it without getting clichéd or too weird to be believable?
Kaley Cuoco
Mountain Goat Brewery and their trusty pet Tom Delmont along with your very own Beer Bloke, Prof Pilsner, will combine to present a beery degustation of lofty proportions at Beer Deluxe on Thursday March 10.
For the present that will remain a possibility in my decision-making process. A “sure kill” is what I am looking for. I seek a nearby retailer with a huge selection and a range of prices from a few dollars for a “suitcase” to a four-pack that costs $100.00(US) a “case” of four.
Gregory: what hell was going on at
In a perfect world we may not need Remploy; unfortunately, we do not live in a perfect world or are ever likely to. So until utopia is reached, there are those members of society for whom Remploy will be the safest, most suitable and preferable option for employment.
Quick! Run to the grocery store and stock up on in-season avocados! Those little gems full of "good" fat and lovely flavor are usually expeeeensive, but not so when in season. Watch for sales and prices under .75 cents a fruit (2 for $1.00 at Grocery Outlet, baby), and stock up. You may wonder: what will i do with all those avocados? They ripen suddenly and need to be utilized at the 'best' point in their ripeness to take advantage of their flavor, but never fear: you CAN put by avocados!
The Probability of Miracles by Wendy Wunder is a fast paced book that you won't want to put down. Wunder manages to capture the perfect place with her detailed yet simple writing that will capture your attention and make you want to read on.
You shouldn’t fuck about with this kind of illness. It’s as simple as that. Now it could’ve been a coincidence, having an episode after I decided to play around with my meds. But I won’t be taking that chance again. It was stupid and the next episode might’ve been worse, could’ve put me back in hospital.
I now have all 4 interview that i wanted:
The issue over the consumption of Bluefin Tuna is very controversial, as many consider it to be extremely endangered, yet far too many governmental bodies and international committees, like ICCAT, permit certain quotas of Bluefin. The Japanese consume the greatest percentage of Bluefin, estimates ranging as high as 80%, and it seems that when Bluefin consumption decreases in the U.S., then consumption in Japan only rises. The new National Geographic show, Wicked Tuna, has raised the ire of some, as it appears to glorify Bluefin tuna fishing.
Read this way, the Psalm has an application in nearly every generation of Israel’s history. Even after the Temple was rebuilt and some Jews returned to Jerusalem, there was still a sense that the exile continued since they were under foreign domination.
The Bad: School and Work. I can't seem to get ahead since Christmas. I feel like I'm always behind in something. I've been sick a lot so I've been behind in hours at work. If I miss much more I could lose my insurance, so I've been working come hell or high water, and there seems to have been a lot both lately (see below). In school I have never felt so behind. Up until now I've been able to maintain a 4.0 grade point average. I'm worried I'm going to lose it with the test I take this weekend. (I really should be studying now) Spring break is next week. Hopefully then I can catch up a little in both school and work.
The very idea of a distinction between “external existence” and “perception,” Hume says, is absurd. The idea that we are stuck inside our heads, unable to see around our mental representations, is absurd. At 1.2.6, Of the idea of existence, and of external existence, Hume writes: “Now since nothing is ever present to the mind but perceptions, and since all ideas are deriv'd from something antecedently present to the mind; it follows, that 'tis impossible for us so much as to conceive or form an idea of any thing specifically different from ideas and impressions.” It is meaningless to talk about some “reality” beyond the reality of experience since on the empiricist criterion of “meaningful” a statement is significant to the extent that it can be confirmed or disconfirmed on the basis of experience. This is exactly Berkeley’s view, stated in less paradoxical language: the Humean version of the argument that the problem of phenomenal properties is a pseudoproblem hinges, as Berkeley’s version does, on the absurdity of stating that there are physical properties when these are taken to be properties separate from the properties of experience.
As you probably know in November of 2011 I launched my 3rd book on the transition of our economy from the grips of the global financial crisis (GFC) of 2008 back to a healthy world-class economic standard of a highly evolved and capitalism driven democratic republic governed by the rule of law. I do not believe we have to as a nation give into the underlying concepts of more and bigger government to achieve this paradigm shift. I believe it does require fundamental changes in how and why we engage in public and private sector collaborative engagements.
I left a few minutes early to pick up g-son to go by a local strawberry field to pick up some berries.
Last night I watched as Linda energetically typed away on her netbook. R: “What are you working on?” L: “Today’s blog.” R: “Today is MY blog day.” L: “Well, $#%!”
Type II: A common supernova type, usually found in the spiral arms of galaxies and not in elliptical galaxies, they are distinguished by the presence of hydrogen in their spectrum. These are known to be caused by the rapid collapse and violent explosion of a massive star. There exists several subcategories of Type II supernova, including II-L, which has a steady, linear decline in light over time; II-P which has a slower decline (a plateau) followed by normal decay; IIn, the "n" denotes narrow, which have narrow hydrogen emission lines in their spectrum (probably caused by blue variable stars); and IIb, which initially resembles a Type II supernova but later has a spectrum resembling Type Ib.
Spoken within the immanent beyond or present al di là of mystic identity, commentary’s non-linear boundary refuses the interminably human correlational conflation of horizon with the limit of vision and dynamically establishes the one thinking within the speculative reality of essential mirage. Essential mirage is the space of vision beyond the visible by means of visibility’s inherent deceitfulness. It is the real illusion that consists in seeing through the fraud of givenness according to the very twist of the given. Just as a mirage phenomenon may bring within seeing something outside of one’s line of sight—allowing, for instance, a mountain beyond the horizon to appear above it—so essential mirage is a shadowing forth of the Real beyond thought via thought’s own distortion and
What I thought I'd do is start a post that is purely questions (and hopefully, answers) from readers. This way we will have one location for readers to exchange information. I will then make a permanent link to this post and put it on the left side of the blog.
I urge you to go out and buy these two books for your loved ones this Christmas. They will love you all the more for it.
With a prospective US tour and various other dates planned, including an upcoming Finnish festival (other first for this band!), 2010 certainly looks like a most important year for Crowley's relentlessly tenacious vision to expand - which is no bad thing - well, depending on just what side of the fence you happen to be.
½ cup KRAFT shredded parmesan cheese
Truth be told, I don’t like the extreme cold or searing heat so my favourite seasons are obviously Spring and Autumn. It’s like a little bit of electricity pulsing in the air…telling your body that a big change is on the way. Lately, the disappointing summer is fading away to crisp, sunshine filled mornings. The leaves are blushing like crazy with their deep ruby redness.
Born January 27, 1930, Rosemark, Tennessee. Moved to Memphis 1948. Played with Billy 'Red' Love and other influential Delta musicians. First recording was Dry Up Baby (Modern 848). Entered Armed Services 1952, joined Johnny Ace Revue after discharge, having signed with Duke Records. First smash hit, It's My Life Baby, 1955 followed by years of consistent success in R&B market.
Mailed from somewhere organic & Latin.
Figure out your style. Take a look in your closet and note the items you wear most frequently and why you wear those items so much. Also note your favorite items in your closet and why you liek them. Perhaps you keep a StyleDiary or post to other street fashion communities like Wardrobe Remix or Stylemob. If so, check out your outfits there. Find your favorites and take a look at what you wear. Figure out your style so you can make sure your new item fits into it.
And another bento...
Lord, You know when we’re weary
16) CTA Conversion Rate - CTA stands for call-to-action, of course. Track the percentage of people who visited a particular page who also clicked a CTA on that page. It indicates the appeal of the offer, whether the CTA is well-crafted and written, and if it has good placement on the page.
I'm excited to hear that Mr. Logan is reaching out to athletes in this manner. This will be a good first step in addressing the needs of the athletes, who are truly the life blood of the sport. I look forward to hearing the outcome of this meeting.
This morning I had a breakfast date with a pretty special 3 year old, some princesses, a pirate, a cowboy, a space ranger, an ogre, some superheros and many other of Clark's favorites. We were invited to a Character Breakfast at our good buddy Jack's school. Jack attends one of the Montessori schools in town and they held their annual character breakfast. It was my 3 year old's dream- Chick-Fl-A catered and meeting some of his favorite characters. In his mind it does not get much better.
I now get divine wisdom on money matters from my creator.
And our Theme-a-Licious for Januray is also to relax in the garden after the stressful holidays just gone by..and stitch on any piece with flower or garden..
Some of what you see may enlighten you, or merely plunge you into greater excesses of misinterpretation.
The summer surge is attributed to a desire to beat the fee increase and to stepped up campaigns promoting naturalization in anticipation of the upcoming presidential election.
*In the coming posts I will list specific prayers from the 7 Steps to Freedom.
Malt is from Tracy Reese's Spring 2011 collaboration with Sally Hansen. I acquired five of the polishes from her set and one from Prabal Gurung's (which I wound up gifting to Chelsea), and Malt is the third one I've gotten around to trying. PAH-THETIC! Anyway, this shade is still floating around on Amazon and eBay if you're interested in it ... or *cough* you can leave a comment on this post with your e-mail address and we can arrange a swap (if you're in the contintental U.S.) I'm kind of on a time crunch, so this offer is valid for the next 48 hours. *cough*
I saw my reflection in the glass doors of my living room…I was so shocked that I almost stopped…holy hell, is that what I look like?! But, I kept going…I never did get that imaginary image of myself rockin’ the Zumba back in my head, but it was still a good workout…
13. Good Times Roll
I watched it all through my binoculars.
It's not really a beer.
It's true, I never saw Nemesis in its entirety before now, but the "cyborg fucking shootout" in the Shang Loo hotel has been in contact with my illustrious eyeballs on several occasions over the years. I first saw the infamous shootout on cable while volunteering over at a community centre for wayward she-male's with low self-esteem back in the mid-90s and more recently in an online setting.
The down side is that alprazolam and related drugs are mildly physically and psychologically addictive (and can become very much so over time). Even after such a short course and a tapering off period I had withdrawal symptoms including mild auditory hallucinations (just for one afternoon). No one had really prepared me for this. It frightened me! Though it also made me glad that I had only taken the drug for a short period and wasn’t reliant on it. I can’t imagine how difficult it must be to wean yourself off it after several months, or a year (if you’re in this position – keep trying, with the help of a sensible physician and therapist. It’s so worth it!).
B: … may subpoena
I am grateful for her love, pure and simple
SWEET DODO – what a lovely name. Sweet Mother is a CAN-DO sort of person. So, she must mean DO-DO as an attempt to inspire a young person. Think you can’t do something, Sweet, Young, Person just out of University? Never fear, Sweet Mother thinks you CAN DO. She is telling you as much by calling you, Sweet DO-DO, everyday. She means it like it sounds, “Go for it, DO-DO, you can DO IT!”
Mother! Mother! I want to go to my mother! One Mrs Botha walked over to her to console her. She was just telling the child that she would soon see her mother again, when she was brusquely interrupted by one of the nurses who told her not to interfere with the child as she was a nuisance." Shortly afterwards, Lizzie van Zyl died.
Who Knows, and Message To Love are the band rehearsing and preparing for their 4 shows at the Filmore East, on December 31st/69 & January 1/70. Izabella features the same lineup, this time at work in the studio.
I want to run away from this difficult, terrible moment.
The high two-leaf carved-bronze door opens creaking on its hinges. Once past the vestibulum we enter a majestic square peristylium around which the rooms of the main building are arranged.
Literature circle is my favorite, though I did not create this strategy. I received an email years ago with this AP strategy attached, based on Harvey Daniels', and I have adapted it to teach with non-AP-level learners. Each of the six students have a role (Discussion Director, Connector, Summarizer, Illuminator, Illustrator, Word Watcher), and they pick up their paper from the group file whenever they're ready to complete it. They bring their AP-guided questions to the meeting, and they talk while I make notes (on the rubric I created). These discussions are awesome.
I was mountain biking yesterday afternoon, something I enjoy doing in my free time. It’s a time I feel I fully let go. I love riding fast, clearing my mind, being focused, and having to pay complete attention to what I’m doing lest getting hurt! I think that is why many people are attracted to intense sports like mountain climbing, rock climbing, and even car racing. There is no time for the mind and in those moments we meditate, we become fully alert, and fully alive! But that is another blog. Let’s continue, before I get sidetracked.
Cool, Air-conditioned Abundance Transporter
Forward! Regress... to where?
You may completely system, or re-application your thoughts, to attain something you motivation and also have good results in all parts of living. You might get incredible outcomes once you start to implement this application. With ZOX Human brain Coaching you are going to have unlimited ability to build the living you’ve usually needed, and more quickly than it is possible to envision.
I won't be too far away, and who knows, perhaps when life is less hectic I will return. Until then, I will be lurking in your windows from time to time and keeping you in my thoughts and prayers.
Icelandic musicians are at inherent disadvantage among Western pop performers, what with the isolation, high cost of living, and a small population that need only generate 5,000 sales for a gold record. But as native son Örn Elías Guðmundsson- aka Mugison- illustrates, the country does yield one benefit for aspiring artists: really awesome locations for press-photo shoots. In his promo pics, we see Mugison variously riding horses in mountainous terrain, casually laying down on ice caps, and canoeing through rocky waterways dressed as a fish trapper-- no boring brick-wall backgrounds for this guy.
As much as I advocate for taking back traditionally feminine dressing as an empowering form of sartorial expression, there is something very appealing to me about androgynous clothing and adapting men's wear for women. However, I have a lot of trouble making this Annie Hall-type style work, namely because, well, my body literally gets in the way. As a woman who has trouble even wearing regular button downs without lots of adjustments or massive gapping problems, attempts to make vests or ties work on me usually fall flat (or rather, fail to fall flat).
The Wing Commander also said that he ALWAYS finds a beacon.
“We can still alter our course. It is NOT too late. We still have options. We need the courage to change our values to the regeneration of our families, the life that surrounds us. Given this opportunity, we can raise ourselves. We must join hands with the rest of Creation and speak of Common Sense, Responsibility, Brotherhood, and PEACE. We must understand that The Law *is* the Seed and only as True Partners can we survive.”
kel
I love ALL of the Monty Python movies and can watch all of them thousands of times and will still find them to be some of the funniest movies ever made. My wife does not get British Humor….so she thinks that the films were obviously made by drunken lunatics.
So my friends without further ado…
Beer A for me had a broad, sweet, fruity aroma, I want to say lychees, but that sounds pretentious. Bubble gum, with aged red apples. The flavour is really candy-like, with pear drops and an amplified juicyfruit chewing gum and banana. Very sweet and sticky though.
“Say What?” is an interactive presentation that challenges participants to bridge the communication gaps that impact health literacy, especially due to education, language, culture and sensory challenges. Health literacy is the ability to obtain, understand and use basic health concepts, information and services in functional ways that enhance health. Presenter Chris Tittel takes health literacy into consideration every day in his role as public information officer and marketing director for the Monroe County Health Department. Health literacy is key to effective public relations and marketing, especially when researching, drafting and editing press releases, communicating one-on-one with members of the media and the general public and knowing where to refer anyone in need of particular services. “Say What?” also offers tips and tools that can help anyone working in the health care setting communicate more effectively with the general public, clients and each other.
Annabelle Ashton is now ruined beyond repair according to the ton as she had run off with her suitor. Nothing happened she told them but her reputation was now ruined. She will now be betrothed to her fathers enemy as he would be the only one to take her.
Western Civilisation was founded on Judeo-Christianity. It was born near here, on the slopes of Mt Sinai where Moses received The Ten Commandments, and it is defended here, in Israel, the focal point of Islam’s attack upon the West.
There is serious talk on the streets of Luton in certain circles that "tommy" is and has been, in business with them for some time which is why he has been able to get away with his EDL activities in Luton. I have my contacts who know the real deal about Irish "tommy boy".
In ten words or less, what is the most "Beyond Reality" thing in your newest book? Nightshade, CA (where the DEAD IS books take place) is a pretty unreal place, so the abnormal is the normal. So everything. And I can never say ANYTHING in ten words or less.
this concrete this
I’m angry my son was a victim of another’s actions. I’m upset he didn’t tell anyone what was going on, taking matters into his own hands until a Series of Unfortunate Events led to an explosion of bad judgment and flaring tempers, with someone getting hurt and someone getting suspended. Bullying is never okay. Namecalling hurts (Josh got lunch detention for his actions, which without a doubt incited the other kid’s snapping) and all anger and resentment do is fester and lead to more anger and resentment which leads to…
He was on the school’s tennis team in the past and also has been on the college’s student-athlete honor roll, according to a sports bio from the college’s website.
That could make the pain
The Wildflower has serious sleep issues (waking every 45min on average, never sleeping for longer than 2hrs, light sleep predominating, waking fitfully, suddenly and agitated).
America! America!
15.30 Chair: Dr. Andreas Önnerfors, University of Sheffield
It is hard to believe that you are not coming back,
I had a HUGE pizza craving last night, so I ordered it because there was a special deal. Well I got it and there was SOOO much garlic (don't get me wrong, I like garlic, but not like this). So the pizza part was good, the poppers part I wasn't fanatical about. About half hour later my stomach was DYING!!! It made me sooo sick all night. =(
we’ll compare and make a choice”, or “I only can afford a premium of $900/year,
This is just a scene of a group of boys talking, but what they say and how they say it tells us so much about what kind of kids they are and what has brought them to this point. You already want to spend the next couple hours hanging out with them.
You know, or you have a strong feeling of knowing what your child would have looked like, and been like. You see a child in the store, or on the street. Their hair color, dimples, smile, their personality and suddenly you are reminded of your child. You miss your child even more, if that’s even possible.
All the tall grass swayed in oceans around me as I laid my head to sleep.
I was a horny little cuss in high school. Horny, and guilty. *sighs*
Metallic ring with blue/white stone, approximate size 6
in seconds flat.
So if anyone's read my bio, they know I'm in grad school.
* threaten to leave
14. Oblio's Return (Narration)
The winners should get in touch with me using the email address at my website:
Now Pastor Baker made this point so well last night that I get to skip several pages of Scriptures that he’s already read to you. I just want to remind you that the Scriptures are full from first to last of the imagery and language, the metaphor, of battle.
So yesterday was the opening of (the EPIC) Wizarding World of Harry Potter. **Screams** It was so amazing.
Charles Mingus - The Black Saint And The Sinner Lady - 1963
Meanwhile, the trade route to peace is moving along. Last week, the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) and the Pakistan Business Council (PBC) signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Aman ki Asha agreeing to host annual conferences alternately in India and Pakistan. The second Aman ki Asha Indo-Pak Economic Conference, and the first under this partnership, is scheduled to take place on May 7-8, 2012, in Lahore.
They have gifted you with $100 with which to place bets. You do not have the option of pocketing the money.
- Oh yes. Local mover & shaker and scene setter. Has a little parochial hour on our local State Sponsored airwaves.
87Not Caesar's empress would I deign to prove;
I responded to the break-up melee message, asserting my understanding of the word loyalty. I’m loyal to people who respect and honor the dignity of life, and those who can handle emotion like adults without resorting to sandbox resolutions – pulling hair, kicking dirt on shoes, and destroying our toys. I’m loyal to actions and principles which are motivated by love. And yes, by survival too – within reason and reasonable context. For example, in parts of New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina, the options were steal or starve. If ever the exception is to become the rule, then the matter of survival, in my view, is a reasonable impetus.
Ryan: the left is the true Big Brother
Pelosi stated at that time that a move to amend the Constitution was part of a three-pronged Progressive strategy. She included that passage of the DISCLOSE Act, which would further regulate disclosure requirements for organizations that run political ads, and promotion of taxpayer funding of political campaigns.
I almost think I would need to see it again to be able to decide whether it was truly a good show. Any of you who have seen it, please give me your opinions!
I admit, I'm not really original when it comes to ideas. When I teach a class, I tell the students right up front that I'm a copier.
Pizza (smoked mozz' wit' or wit'out pepperoni)
I didn't love it, but it was functional. A few weeks back, we had an intern at the brewery who suggested using shower heads like he had seen at another brewery. GREAT idea! And very easy to put into place, plus giving me the opportunity to make it look prettier. Sometimes, even if it works fine, if it's ugly I hate it. I have to look at it all the time. So.... about $20 in parts and now we have a much better, more sightly bottle rinser. Next up, air knife to dry them.
REALLY TMI IMO, Moms of girls...
But what is the meaning of love? Everyone has their own answer for that. For me, love is God because He gives and receives it. And of course, love is everywhere, anywhere; for everyone, for everything. It is something that every person deserves, even the lame and unsensitive ones.
The more time Cade spends with Leah, the deeper he falls in love. To Cade, she’s an angel who’s saved his life and given him the sense of hope he’s never known. But he’s not the man she thinks he is, and before he can find permanent shelter in Leah’s arms, he must learn to have faith and put his former sins to rest…
Once you make that right turn shown above in the distance, the trail runs between the West Branch of the DuPage River and some ponds on private property. There is quite a bit of signage indicating the ponds are private, but no fencing. Honestly, I think the trail will flood quite often here. If either the river or the ponds get full, they will spill onto the trail. The trail was barely above the water level in the pond.
Time has a way of flying by. Sure there will be regrets and some sadness for my loss as I close this chapter on 'parenting' but I have to say I feel more joy and happiness because I know this young man is going to choose good things in his life. I can't wait to see what he does.
I really should be studying for finals right now, but I just have to share this.
Supreme Tribunal of the Apostolic Signatura
I will upload other cards that I made prior to my holiday but for now, I hope you'll like what I've shared. :)
How did it die?
& Kalabokisio (Corn Puree)
types of cosmetics out there, how do you know which ones
Poor Ann Coulter. She's been kind of marginalized since the wingnuts have found fruitier loops in the box. Far fruitier. Even though the new breed, Palin, O'Donnell and Bachman have trouble generating a tweet between them and can't answer a direct question on any topic without resorting to Constitution, freedom or momma-somethings, they seem to have reduced Ann to a vague web presence and syndication in two bit small town newspapers (which counts for balance in these parts - point and counterpoint with Eugene Robinson - god help us). Even though Ann has managed (I assume on her own) to write whole books full of incoherencies and an actual column with real words and everything. Sad, really. Her desperate aging fame-whoredom reminds me of an aging hooker strutting around in her muffintop hot pants trying to get a reaction out of someone, anyone. At best Coulter's attempts at vitriol elicit the same confused and vaguely nauseated reaction as Wolf Blitzer and Chris Coons had during the debate.. Liberals? Yeah, I've heard of them. Kind of like the Whigs or something, right? But she gamely keeps applying the face paint and pressing on, hoping for some sort of reaction. Here's one, more out of pity than anything else:
(And yes, we are talking about the film character, because, you know, it IS Halloween...). Be the first to drop the correct answer in the comments and the shirt is yours!! Good luck!! This contest will be open to everyone for the next seven days and will close at midnight, November 3.
But amidst this change, we are letting go of all of the junk we have grabbed onto along the way that was never intended for us. Isn't that an amazing thought? God gives us exactly what we need? How much of what we have is not what we need? But rather, what we think we need? This, I am convinced, is where the overwhelming feeling comes in. The frustration. The feeling of never having enough time to go around.
build your home on fickle counsel that’s constantly changing with the senses
"Making wheels."
There was some scraplifting involved here. (Hey, I'm sick and it's sucking all energy and creativity from my bones!!!) For instance, this card was inspired by this one I found on Pinterest. I made my own version of her "Tell Me" card I made this one using the quatrefoil overlays from Mel Stampz. I am in LOVE with these things! She has tiny dots, moroccan tile, damask... they're easy and you can make patterned papers to match whatever you're doing. I love that she offers them for free too. I was able to make the red perfectly match the text on the photo, which I pulled from one of the book covers using the eyedropper tool. Everything matches!!!
I know I’ll find my new life. I know each day will have it’s ups and downs.
“What do we have to show for 3 and 1/2 years of President Obama? Is it easier to make ends meet? Is it easier to sell your home or buy a new one? Have you saved what you need for retirement?”
But keeping a track of all the great uncles, great aunts, second cousins, etc. along with the pronunciation is a bit too much to ask readers.
Cream ribbon - carnmeal cottage
For the marinade, peel and chop the garlic. Combine all of the marinade ingredients: salt, garlic, mustard, honey, oregano and olive oil.
The debut album is 11 beautifully crafted and shaped tracks, all giving off different emotion, energy and vibe. Just like a lot of the best music being made at the moment Lower Dens are a fuzzy and hazy ride which is sure to fascinate.
What I like: Raleigh the courtier, the bringer of tobacco, the adventurer--these are the usual pictures we have of him. But Raleigh the yearning, passionate man of faith? Poetry reveals things about the poet and this showed me a man who felt the beauty of the soul at the deepest level and was prepared to sacrifice himself for his beliefs.
as true to Truth as any tale can be,
I serve this with flavored rice or mashed potatoes and a veggie. It's very versatile, so you can serve just about anything with it.
Or trailed through the mud and sand.
Apparently His Grace, the Archbishop of Westminster, has expressed his 'disappointment' over the Government's plans to redefine marriage. Isn't 'disappointed' how you feel when you don't get a job or when Arsenal slip to 6th in the league or something?
The area was home to some of the wealthiest, most elite families of Brooklyn, including many of the businessmen whose industrial concerns lined Brooklyn’s waterfront. These include John Arbuckle of Arbuckle Brothers Coffee, at one point the world’s largest importer of coffee beans; Charles Pfizer and his cousin Charles Erhart, co-founders of Pfizer pharmaceutical company; typewriter manufacturer John Thomas Underwood; and of course, Charles Pratt, owner of Astral Oil Works, who built several grand homes in the neighborhood for his family, and founded Pratt Institute. There was also Abner C. Keeney and William Kingsley of the engineering firm Kingsley & Keeney, which was of crucial significance to the construction of the Brooklyn Bridge.
Today I have a non-Greek Recipe for you guys but we'll stay in the Mediterranean area, Morocco actually. Although the fresh avocado dip isn’t typically Moroccan, it really complements the chicken in an amazing way.. It's super easy to make and I can assure you that you will fall in love..
I actually showed this card at a recent workshop I had. I wanted to show off the Blossom Builders Designer Printed Kit that is in the Occasions Mini. I wanted to show how easy it is to use our kits to put beautiful cards together.
It’s no lie to say that many people worldwide have been affected by the tragic death of an icon. Adam Yauch, Rest In Peace. I will be blasting the Beastie Boys all week.
It’s considered as the national flower of Malaysia; Barranquilla (City in Colombia) and the state of Zulia (Venezuela)
To my CHNS Colleagues, thanks for the experiences shared: Brian Kae, Ryan, Lina, Che, Miguel, Dra. Francisco, Patricia.
1/3 cup ranch dressing
Bird of Paradise Flower Necklace: The popular Birds-of-Paradise plant bears a unique flower that resembles a brightly colored bird in flight, giving it the common name, Bird of Paradise. The Birds-of-Paradise flowers make the plant an exceptionally attractive landscape plant.
This past month I participated in a blogger pen pal program. You can read about it here. Pretty much it’s a fun little exchange of food gifts that helps bloggers connect with each other.
The DT members may have changed but our aims remain the same - to inspire and challenge you (and ourselves) to make cards, no matter what your style and no matter what your experience is. We remain open to all, have no allegiance to any company and we actively encourage as much variety as possible - we definitely do not judge one card above another so when we offer prizes winners are always chosen at random.
My next task was going to be giving up beef, but after my success with soda, I felt empowered. I wanted to tackle one of my bigger demons. So starting today: DAILY EXERCISE!
99. Go to a Renaissance Fair
Still, physical fitness for the non-professional was largely the province of people with enough money to have leisure time. Subsistence farmers and day laborers didn’t have the luxury of pursuing “rock-hard abs” and “buns of steel.” And so, the Austin Athletic Club was initially open only to private subscribers, though it was later sold to the City in 1931, to serve at Austin’s first community recreation center.
Pansy came here so tiny, and needing my help
I am going to speak at the Optimist Club and I am quite optimistic about now.
Julie Warner
The article highlights the importance of mental preparation for the swimming portion of the triathlon. Relaxation techniques and suggestions for keeping themselves focused are presented. It also emphasizes the importance of allocating adequate training time to achieve the necessary confidence for the competition.
However, on the second day of the trial, which was expected to last for a month, the case collapsed into a mistrial.
I enjoyed creating last week's 'Other People' MMMay'12 round up so much. It was really fun to see my loved ones wearing something I'd stitched each day, even if extracting and collating the documentation was a bit of a headache! Ok, so let's check out the second week's wears...
By the way, it was quite interesting to imagine how I could paint her with so little information. This exercice is now my favorite part of my painting process.
5. Others
Combine flour, baking soda, baking powder, salt, and cinnamon in a large bowl. Scoop out about 1/4 cup of the mixture and use it to coat the pecans. Then add it all back together.
I have enough evidence of them doing so to know that this is true. I've heard Sylvia repeat back things I've taught her to friends, Riley becomes very anxious at the thought of not doing anything exactly as directed. Other people tell me things the girls have told them which come straight from me. They are incredibly good about asking permission for anything they want to do that I've not expressly said they could do at any time. They are both very good girls.
But, if I knew how to cartoon or take better pictures THEN people would come for the writing. It’s like having to learn gymnastics to get people to notice you can really play soccer. Here’s my no-handed aerial into a backflip, now can I play fullback?
My attitude towards the partition changed a while back. As a rookie driver, I took the view that customers preferred a more open interior - the ability to look forward through the partition cut-out and so through the windscreen - and easier communication with their faithful servant up front. In the smaller limousines it can be a little claustrophobic back there.
Source: Public Library
When I took on the role as "wedding planner", they still had not bought or decided on any kind of wedding favors. After racking my brain, I thought about a CD with songs from their wedding. The bride and the groom are both musical people, so it seemed to really fit them. The bride loved the idea, so I got to work making a playlist in my iTunes account. Then, I burned 85 CDs, made some labels w/ a thank you from the bride and groom and a list of the songs. I put the CDs in some clear jewel cases and tied them off with some raffia. If I would have had more time and a bigger budget, I would have ordered something like these...
And two bright shiny eyes look at you and into your soul,
Willin' Drillin' and Chillin' because I love my Dentist.
Whipping cream
The weather here has been unusually hot the last few days for this time of year. My girls have been able to play in the backyard. They even played in the little swimming pool today. In even bought my kids a tether ball. They are truely having fun with it (including myself). However, This weather will be short lived. The rain will be back tonight for the rest of the week.
It's also funny how drinking beer never seems like work, but I swear, the minute it does, it's over... I'll take a long break and have a beer.
when aimed my way:
Dear Guy With the Monster Truck,
So we’re in the thick of it. Holiday parties, work celebrations, family gatherings and whole lotta food! Everywhere. You can’t swing your party dress without hitting a tray of canapés. In between social events I can hear you complaining about your extraordinary eggnog intake and uncontrollable cookie consumption, sprawled out on the sofa like an overfed cat. So how about something a little lighter, no? I felt it was time to bring a little sanity – however, delicious sanity – to the table today.
Description of Autumn
-Was and soak the basmati rice in water for 15-20 minutes.
I know, it has a very "it puts the lotion in the basket" vibe to it. The creepiness factor makes me walk faster on the treadmill.
The IPCC, formed in 1989, is the high church of global warming. It pretends to be a scientific body but is actually a political lobby group campaigning to promote climate alarm. To understand how the IPCC has corrupted science and fooled the public, you can do no better than read a new book, Delinquent Teenager, by Donna Laframboise, an investigative journalist. She likens the IPCC to a spoilt teenager — indulged, never criticised, given large amounts of money, fawned upon and so corrupted.
2-What is your best and worst run/race experience?
Nancy Pelosi and John Boehner deserve each other. Sadly, we deserve neither of them. West Chester OH and San Francisco should both be ashamed and vote these two divisive, petty, vindictive losers out. But given the polarized and ideologically blind demographics of both communities, that probably won’t happen. And that, too, is sad.
These fotos were taken in the vicinity of Kings Bay, GA along the St. Mary’s River. They come compliments of
Fortunes have changed for the King family, descendants of Hawaiian royalty and one of the state’s largest landowners. Matthew King’s daughters—Scottie, a feisty ten-year-old, and Alex, a seventeen-year-old recovering drug addict—are out of control, and their charismatic, thrill-seeking mother, Joanie, lies in a coma after a boat-racing accident. She will soon be taken off life support. As Matt gathers his wife’s friends and family to say their final goodbyes, a difficult situation is made worse by the sudden discovery that there’s one person who hasn’t been told: the man with whom Joanie had been having an affair. Forced to examine what they owe not only to the living but to the dead, Matt, Scottie, and Alex take to the road to find Joanie’s lover, on a memorable journey that leads to unforeseen humor, growth, and profound revelations.
You may or may not have noticed that the ruling class throws around our money like wedding attendees throw rice. Case in point: Injustice Department Flings Our Money to the Four Winds
I may have pulled the plug on posting new music on this blog, but I'm not prepared to let this blog go the way of the dinosaur (jr) - I've put in far too much work to let that happen!
3) violist
I was oblivious during the illness. My memories are from recovery: I had to wear a diaper (how embarrassing!) and re-learn how to feed myself, walk on my own and speak some sounds (s and sh were difficult). I hated having to undergo multiple EEG tests. They used something akin to airplane glue to attach dozens of electrodes to my head. After the tests, my mother would have to cut the glue from my scalp. I ended up with ugly bald spots all over my head. Too bad it wasn’t during the punk era!
Go ahead and guess what has happened? Yep! I’m locked in. At this point I’m laughing so hard I’m crying. 10 minutes later I break out and can now retrieve my shower items. As I go to put the toilet lid down to place towels on it…it ends up on the ground. Silly me to think it was connected TO the toilet. It was then I glanced up and saw handprints on either side of the door…sorta painted on. Maybe I’m not the first to be trapped here.
Though Brodsky said he still hadn’t made up his mind about the legitimacy of the Yankees’ request for additional tax-exempt bonds—under what the Internal Revenue Service describes as a “loophole”--he did offer this statement at the end of the three-hour hearing: “I dislike public benefits for private parties when the public at large is being starved in so many ways.” And if that’s a description of sports facility finance, he added, “so be it.”
It is lot of fun if you have patience and time. A very fascinating thing to look at how “stars” and people move around. And what fame and money can change people.
I imagine this is what a nasty separation becomes like and I can now sympathise with anyone who has ever returned home to find it nearly empty. That was a new variety of shock.
Corey seems to have relaxed a bit, but there are still no good expectations for his birthmother's future. But who knows, she's already surprised everyone....
Southern Sun Pub and Brewery Super Kind
but its a car!
Like cattle, they would struggle with the tank and the "commanders", wielding sticks, would be around whipping prisoners like slaves whenever they felt like it or when the pace was too slow.
Okay, I realize that multiple things I listed do actually take batteries, but I'm talking toys here, not baby gear. I am trying hard to keep those types of toys out of the house, but I know in the long run it will be a futile effort. As a friend told me, the first year people buy cute clothes and books to impress the mom...and starting with the one year birthday people buy loud flashy toys to impress the kid. But until then, hopefully she can survive without Baby's First Singing and Talking Laptop.
My initial thought was 'I'm blessed that they are all asleep' - but reflecting on my day I started to feel a little guilty about that initial, glib first thought...
The current government has failed miserably in more ways than one in preserving, protecting and promoting a certain level of agreement between and among, the races, families and villages. The divisions are sharp, deep and deliberate.
Scribble City Central's fifth Fantabulous Friday comes to us from Gillian Philip, author of the Rebel Angels series (and wrangler of badboy faeries Seth and Conal MacGregor, who have appeared elsewhere in these pages), as well as of The Opposite of Amber, Bad Faith and Crossing the Line. She knows a thing or two about Scottish myths, does Gillian, and it's always a pleasure to have her here.
Ahhh, someone else said it better fully four hundred years ago:
I put my slow cooker on auto for approx 10 hours but adjust if you have less time. If putting in the oven then I would suggest around gas mark 5/6 for a couple of hours until the meat is tender.
Over the course of a lifetime maybe we can’t always be at the top of our game. On a football field it is really noticeable but in the council it should still matter. Much like Kevin Pieterson (a comparison I never thought I’d make of myself) being out of form is not something I enjoy.
Here’s a peek:
Yesterday morning I had to call and cancel an appointment with a pushy salesman trying to get me to buy new gutters for my house. Under the mistaken impression that his firm would simply clean my gutters rather than propose a whole new installation, I made this poor man drive all the way from Charlotte to Rock Hill last week. I dashed his planned two-hour sales pitch about 15 minutes in, when I had decided that I (and he) urgently needed to be someplace else.
So tonight after a long uneventful and unfortunately unproductive week of last semester senior year I decided to take the new drop spindle out for a spin.
Now we get to the heart of the matter: his call for a moratorium on the hudud. This is the voice of the “educated and enlightened” Muslim par excellence:
Guess we didn’t have anything to say yesterday so come talk to us in the forums, maybe we’ll have something to say there.
However, for many, the presumption is that anyone who actively enjoys and plans how to dress must be a bubblehead. For those sitting in judgment, it is apparently impossible to be both intelligent and stylishly attired: wear a leopard print turban simply because you want to, and you deserve ridicule.
KUALA LUMPUR, 30 April – Studying abroad in the past year, I missed Bersih 2 0 and I felt a sense of regret each time he heard the stories of my friends have to relate their experiences This day allowed my participation in Providence on Saturday Bersih 3 0 indecent years, there is a story that was at a rapid pace in the history of the development of Malaysia, is tried and democracy to grow legitimate claims Bersih are what causes people to the masses and the risks of a mere intellectual assent to demands should not be enough Bersih question to bring thousands to the streets of the city, I suggest that one of the main reasons for the decision of the majority of people on the street Kuala Lumpur on Saturday, flooding was the desire to be part of history for those applicationsBersih agree to be, is the realization by many that they themselves have to agents who work for the desired result
Carrie Ann: Own a home and have my own writing cave!
*He is walking! He started this a week before his birthday. A few days before his birthday he took a spill with a toy in hand and ended up ripping apart his nose! You'll see this in his birthday pictures. :) I'll remember it forever. It looks like it might scar now, so if anybody has any ideas to make this go away, let me know!
Earrings, self made
Obviously 2 very different styles of beer, but at the end of the day its still malts, water and hops.
This week we say goodbye to Lill, we would like to thank Lill for her beautiful samples throughout her stay with us...good luck Lill in all your future ventures.
While I was finishing the headlights, and my brother was smearing and smearing again globs of pooh all over the windshield, I ducked down quickly because I spotted Neighbor Numbnuts standing on the balcony.
James Savage is a young business owner in the city of Lexington, Kentucky. In 2006, James earned his bachelor's degree in Communications from the University of Cincinnati. Two days after he graduated, James moved down to Lexington, KY as a business partner for Savage Syndications. Here we are years later and James is becoming a force in the business world. He is now CFO and partner of the company. Not many can do what he can do with list building and client relations. Also James was married to college sweet heart Alyssa in August 2008. The happy couple is working hard on making the house perfect and making sure the two puppies are always happy.
//-->Russia’s President-elect Vladimir Putin is being inaugurated as the new head of state. Putin is an inauguration champion – he has played the main role in the performance three times out of six to have taken place in modern history.
Easier typed than said.
no matter how far the rough path takes you.
In this photo, taken several years ago, she is in front of a very large oak tree that she planted as a tiny sapling some 70 years ago!
Compelling, sad, poignant... Hannah Baker committed suicide and left a note of sorts, in the form of cassette tapes. With insight and understanding beyond her teenage years, Hannah recounts the people, experiences and interactions that led to her death. Each person she holds responsible will receive the tapes and hear their impact on Hannah's life. A map accompanies the tape, allowing the listeners (and readers) a tour of Hannah's last few months and the places that were significant to her.
The sweet little old lady was coming down the alley hollering something like, “You trouble making little whippersnappers stop that this instant!” (I have no actual recollection of what she hollered at us that afternoon, but my brain finds this amusing so I’ll roll with it).
10) Favorite animal
Beeld is in possession of the statements and has seen the report to Mkhwanazi.
falsetto. The melodies on this album are barely discernible at times. But perhaps it
In whichever direction one looks at the problem, it is fundamentally an issue of supply: to increase wages, either reduce the supply of workers, or increase the supply of jobs. Minimum wages decrease the supply of jobs, so in that respect the labor advocacy has it wrong, and the President is right. Where he is wrong and the labor advocates are right, however, is in the matter of contractual labor. The practice is short-sighted because it works against employee development; if workers do not increase their skills they do not increase their value to the company, and that in turn has an indirect negative effect on business growth – and if businesses do not grow, they do not create new jobs.
My soul is bowed down;
We know boys mature later than girls, but of more pressing concern is the rise of boys/males who don’t seem to be growing up.
Ellie Nash
The atmosphere of sharing ideas, of swapping news, of being amongst people who know the highs and lows, is rejuvenating. I'm looking forward to listening, laughing, sharing and clinking glasses over this wonderful thing we do.
2) Sub-vocalize (or, better yet, read out loud).
A Short Summary of Priyanka Chopra Movies:
Anyway, enough of that…! We chatted to other pilots and pored over maps before parting with £5 as we hopped on the chairlift up the hill. Wow, this is civilised!
6. Then there is a 3 minute clip, in between commercials, of Jill and her Aunt Cookie being interviewed for Jill's sister Lisa's radio show.
The term yoke shows up in the Bible a few times and I apologize but it's been a very long day so I won't be able to give it proper justice. I'll have to go back another time and study it more fully.
Into that heaven of freedom, my Father, let my country awake.
Intolerance leads lonely lives.
We both blush and Simon wanders off to the bathroom.
Graziana has been wanting to make gingerbread men since she saw Shrek and now she finally has the right cutters she's been able to fulfil this desire. These gingerbread men are sweetened with honey and spiced with ginger and a touch of cinnamon.
Those interested should bring their PC tower and any software disks that they may have in the event your computer needs to be cleaned and software reinstalled. There will be antivirus and spyware software provided. This is a free service to members of the Lafayette community and Brooklyn at large. For more information contact TYree at 347-587-6443 or checkout IGOTITOO.
* Note that episode 3 is his idea of going back to “normal” and we should probably be getting scared now
Have a wonderful week everyone!
Guess you'll do it the classic way: hang yourself. Wait a minute...why the hell would you hang yourself? You're not a fuckin' Christmas decoration.
You see, son, mommy had an affair. I considered leaving everything behind, even you, for another man. Yeah, that’s a bit of a doozy. A pretty recent doozy, as I remember with trembling even now…
Goose: I smoke that stuff in rehab one time.
MAKIN: We do get a heading in the account which is ‘meeting collections’ and that’s £80,000. But then there’s another for the year which is ‘donation income - other’ - in other words, by definition, not at meetings, and that is a little over £62,000, and I just question how that £62,000 has been arrived at, because £62,000 is a surprisingly high amount to be other unspecified.
Hence we again strongly recommend to HOLD the stock with a target price of Rs.2965.
One day in December she snuck out to a vintage toy store called The Toys Time Forgot. She bought me a bunch of great geeky stuff. And the amazing thing is, I didn't have any of this stuff yet.
We’ve put together a puzzle with one keyword found on each website. Complete it and you will be eligible for a fantastic GRAND PRIZE which will include signed editions of books, signed bookmarks, jewelry, and many more exclusive gifts with at least one gift from EVERY AUTHOR!
Rolos (unwrapped)
By the way, J Crew has restocked these little gems, so they are back down to their $68 price tag instead of the $150 they were selling for on Ebay (don't worry, I was just stalking them for research purposes (c: )!
praising my church instead of God.
Before I delve into the subject at hand, I want to shed some light onto the mindset of 19th century Victorian England, where ideas and concerns mirrored what we will see in our mid 20th century. The Victorian periodical publishing aspect I speak of is not comic books, but the entire parallel genre of children's literature which came of age in the Victorian era and where the preoccupation with childhood manifested itself in the books and magazines produced for the young. As more and more children of the middle class joined the upper class in reading, prominent literary critics of the time played leading roles as arbiters of taste and morality, especially against what was deemed the lowest rung of printed reading matter, the penny dreadfuls, the reading entity of the working class.
Our house's "fence" went in the other day! It's technically a block wall but saying "our house's wall went in" makes it sound like we're moving to a prison or something haha It's not 100% complete but here's what it looks like:
Based on my internet research, I think the older Jesus Trail is the better hiking trail. The Jesus Trail has better support services for hikers, better trail markings for navigation, and better access to water, food, and supplies. It has more Christian and historic sites and provides much better interaction with locals and the diverse cultures in Galilee.
Conor is 15 years old and looks the part of a boy becoming a man. He’s nearly six-feet tall and growing sideburns. His blue eyes are staring out of the coffee shop’s window, where he’s watching a raging snowstorm blanket the downtown streets.
From the book you’re currently reading, or one you just finished, tell us what made you SWOON. What got your heart pounding, your skin tingling, and your stomach fluttering. Shout it out on Twitter with the hashtag #YABound, post it here in the comments, or grab the adorable button above and share it on your blog! We want to know :-)
156. “When a goal matters enough to a person, that person will find a way to accomplish what at first seemed impossible.” – Nido Qubein
Work with Cameron Lynde? Are they kidding? Maybe, Jack thinks, this is some kind of welcome-back prank after his stint away from Chicago. But it's no joke; the pair is going to have to put their rocky past behind them and focus on the case at hand. That is, if they can cut back on the razor-sharp jibes- and smother the flame of their sizzling-hot
Burlington Councillor Paul Sharman, who has been critical of a Burlington Transit system that is shunned by 97 per cent of residents, wonders half-jokingly whether congested traffic has led to fewer accidents.
Also, I really don't need to be a witness to your verbal bashing of people. Ripping someone a 'new one' on your status update and then saying 'You know who you are' is soooo not cool. And, you're probably going to lose a few friends that way. If you're going to bash a frenemy, at least make it amusing for me. Perhaps next time you're pissed at one of your friends, you can try something like "Hey ya'll guess what? Pamela licks skunk ass, that's why she's always talking shit." I'd 'like' that way better than the Mean Girls lingo you usually post. Give it a try. You usually don't have anything positive or nice to say, but I'm sure with a little humor, you can make your thoughts bearable for the general public.
But what is about the city that has people coming from all over to visit the places their passionate about?
Tx #10
Spellcasting 301 – Spring Break
Rahu and Ketu (the nodes) are smokey and hazey
File Under ;;; Original Post Punk Rock 'n' Roll
This fortnight we are sponsored by The Paper Shelter. The Paper Shelter offered the DT some lovely images to work with. Where they have been used I will list the details, so if you are so inclined you can pop over to The Paper Shelter via their badge on the right and go shopping!
&; in the long run no doubt i got the better end of that crazy deal
Of the European powers left, Spain, the favorite to win the Cup, had maybe the most difficult quarterfinal match, eking out a 1-0 win over Paraguay. I’d say Germany is the team to beat, based on how well they’ve played in the tournament thus far, scoring 4 goals in three of their games, two of those wins against powerhouses – Argentina and England.
Addison hung up the phone and got off at the next bus stop. St. Martin’s was only a few blocks away and she could walk there. She scaled the stairs leading to the giant cathedral as quickly as she could.
As long as they love it, I will play it.
I’m concerned with how Jesus, Paul, John, the writer to the Hebrews, James and others said we should live — and their warnings apply to us. What happens if we choose to not obey? This is what we should all be focusing on — getting it all right — living so right.
After winning the second title (3-0 against Pittsburg State; Elon had seven turnovers, but the Gorillas missed five field goals) Tolley walked away from coaching, but not from Elon, where he briefly became a fundraiser before taking a job at LabCorp (whose CEO was on the Elon board of trustees).
Judee's comments: Please note that The Parchment Paper Cookbook is not intended to be gluten free nor vegetarian. However, I felt it was such a great idea that it can be applied to any kind of cooking. Personally, I frequently use regular cookbooks for ideas and just adapt and substitute!
But beyond "liking" these customs, we could go further to say that, because these customs have sprung up organically out of these religious communities, there is a certain naturalness to them from a cultural standpoint. It is natural for a black Protestant congregation in rural Mississippi to sing Negro Spirituals just as it is natural for Muslims to pray in Arabic or Catholics to genuflect. Because these customs are natural to these traditions, they form a positive link between the believer and those who have come before him; they serve to build a bond rooting that person to his tradition, edifying him within the context of that tradition. They keep the tradition alive. Thus, on a strictly natural level, we can rightly say that a custom has a true vitality within its own religious setting.
Or at least the day that I’ve been waiting for since St. Patrick’s Day when I shunned corned beef, cabbage, and irish soda bread for tortillas, black beans, and guacamole.
A couple of months ago, my friend Melissa at Oh Fiddlesticks contacted me to see if I would be interested to help style the set for a photo shoot with Dorean Pope Photography for the upcoming release of her new summer line. When Melissa mentioned the theme for the shoot, "French Picnic", I knew this would be such a fun project to work on.
Harmlessly simple, isn’t it? Yet I suspect that my responses would be received by some as those of a religious fanatic. Here’s the thing: If I say I am a Christian but I don’t announce a firm faith, then my beliefs are merely preferential, which would completely obliterate my so-called faith. That’s not fanatical.* It’s passionate, but sensible. And because of my unalterable beliefs, I can disagree with other faiths without condemning their followers. I leave fanaticism for the hating.
You see, for me there will be no spring – not as you know it, anyway. There will be no winter either. Instead I will go beyond the parts, rising up into the clouds, soaring through the pink and the blue, merging with the vastness of infinity - that from which I sprung - as you did too.
Just kidding. She's safely tucked away on the bookshelf for exercise reference.
I obviously cannot cover all the points that Ms. Markel makes, but there are some basic rules that can get you started:
Origin of Gangs
We all value trustworthiness.
The wildlife habitat garden is contained with a meandering path. Two small understory trees provide focal points. These would be underplanted with small shrubs, and shade-loving perennials. The path is designed to both cutoff and provide access to this garden. You can't see everything without walking the path. Two benches provide intimate seating, out of sight of each other and other areas of the garden.
Wheel gymnastics has become somewhat more popular in recent times, several clubs have seen an enormous growth in members and there is a lot of new talent on the way. Even though todays competition included absolute beginners, I noticed several participants who might develop well in the next few years. Very nice to see...
“Got it,” John said. He slowly climbed and stayed at around ninety miles per hour. Charlotte slumped to another sleeping position across the backseat while the officer reclined his seat and attempted to let sleep take him for a little while.
we figured she may have a good chance of making it through to the second round, where the top five applicants would get to continue the process of being trained as animators.
"It's ... (pant) ... for ... (pant) ... her .... choking."
"When I mentioned the divine properties of Oregon grown hops, Our President didn't skip a beat," Worthington wrote. "'I’d like to try some of that.'''
7. Science Update: Rats that are not on drugs prefer listening to Beethoven as opposed to Miles Davis. But rats that are high (specifically on cocaine) prefer Miles to Ludwig.
I am now demanding not requesting that the utmost urgency be put on getting Sam the assistance he needs, and has been promised.
5. I was completely uneducated about food. Besides knowing that a hot dog was 5 points on weight watchers, I had no idea why it was. I didn’t know what was it in, if it had any vitamins or minerals or if it was just pure fat. I figured that all food was just for calories so as long as you watched calories you were all set.
Well Glee returned last night after being off since mid February. Honestly...I wish it just stayed off the air. But hey, I chose to watch the new episode...but I think it may the last one I ever watch. When we last saw, the show ended with a cliffhanger, in a surprisingly good episode. Quinn was trying to get to Rachel and Finn's last minute wedding and was responding to Rachel's text (while driving) and was the episode ended drastically with Quinn being t-boned by a truck.
Brightened up a gray day.
Chateau Marmont, today a Los Angeles historical/cultural landmark, began life in 1929 as an upscale apartment building. It's fortunes fell with the stock market a few months later and in 1931 the building was sold and turned into a suites hotel. The new owner was Albert E. Smith, co-founder of American Vitagraph (purchased by Warner Bros. in 1925). Smith and his wife furnished the Chateau with pieces found at local estate sales and auctions, giving the hotel what is known as "the Marmont look." Over the years, the Chateau developed a reputation for its discretion in providing guests with maximum privacy. In 1939, Columbia Pictures president Harry Cohn famously advised rising stars William Holden and Glenn Ford, "If you must get in trouble, do it at Chateau Marmont." The Chateau's long history is filled with rumors and legends, among them: Clark Gable and Jean Harlow rendezvoused there, F. Scott Fitzgerald lived and wrote there, Vivien Leigh was a guest following her split with Laurence Olivier and covered the walls of her suite with pictures of him, script readings for Rebel Without a Cause were held in one of the hotel bungalows, Paul Newman and Joanne Woodward met there...and on and on.
The days have fallen into a simple routine of golf in the morning, before it gets too hot, a bit of a nap, lunch, another nap, a dip in the pool, a walk on the beach and a cocktail or two before dinner.
Happy New Year, everybody!
35 James Ferraro - The Secret World of Condo Pets
It was wonderful to hear from so many of you about how much you all enjoyed and were edified by part one, and part two of “Super Bible Facts for Super Bible Study”. Now, before we move along to part three and the next 10 Super Bible Facts for Super Bible Study, I want to point out once again that it is super important for you all to become fully aware that the messages from the first chapter of Matthew to the last chapter of Revelation FIVE different groups or classes of people are addressed.
After 10 years together (this past Sunday!), Husband and I finally got the whole gift giving thing right this year.
"...On several occasions the Spirit impressed on me that the church should not unnecessarily 'hinder' those who had experienced the power of baptism through the grace and authority of Jesus Christ from responding to the Spirit guiding them to membership.The NCC report, published here, makes clear that the NCC is letting the CofChrist join because they believe the CofChrist is sufficiently far from its historical Restoration roots.
Try it yourself on the following:
Your daddy has had to learn how to connect with you.
you can get 15% off your order until December 10!
Length: 8½ miles/5 hours
Later the possibility of being struck by a drunk driver struck me.
a hot commodity. It also weighs in at 7% abv.
So, if you hear me shout "Oh, crayons!", you'll know what I really mean.
4. Pisces (Oberg) 1:26
While I am not a fan of romances, I did find this to be an interesting variation of this genre. I had requested and received all of the books in this series and recommend that anyone who wants to read Eversworn: Daughters of Askara should read the other two in the series first. While not fully necessary as the book does stand alone very well, there are references to the other books that can be confusing to anyone who had not read Everlong or Evermine. Eversworn has a wonderful plot and rhythm and I was pleasantly surprised with the book and found it to be a good read. While I did originally think this was going to be a fantasy book, the intimate details added to the story line left no doubt that this is a romance book. For those of you who like fantasy and romance you get both in this well written book.
This delicious bacon and zucchini quiche recipe is courtesy of Elisabeth Prueitt from Martha Stewart.
Who IS this child, anyway? Clearly, despite having been surgically removed from my womb, she is no child of mine...
Professor : Is GOD good ?
Went to this touristy thing with cable cars and such..where the Three Sisters are. I'm really not a person to go off and take pictures of rocks and trees so it bored me alot..but those sons of the family friends wanted to D:
The other morning when I was browsing on Etsy, I came across this amazing handmade ceramic cabochon by Marianne Kasparian of MAKUstudio, and I just fell in love. Madly, deeply, truly in love:
I have always tried to use different mediums and create different textures, and one of the books I got today (see, the bit about the library at the beginning wasn’t pointless!), I have some good ideas of things I want to try.
I didn't use Graphic 45 papers on this project, but wanted to share my versatility when it comes to creating scrapbook layouts. I love to layer and use various elements on a layout. On this one, I used circles as the focus of my background. And I just love my little Tim Holtz paper distresser... I use it on almost everything! LOL! Click HERE for my blog post which contains additonal photos, details and a link to my fun video tutorial!
6:30pm May 7, 2012: Episode 3 – Phoenix Coyotes Ruin the World. Hosts Aaron and The Doctor talk about sports. Aaron & the Doctor are 2 sports afficianados exiled in the steel city, overwhelmed by the black and gold.
Hi, friends. I hope you are having a great Friday. Ours is wonderful because it's the beginning of Spring Break! We started by doing some spring cleaning. My girls weren't that thrilled, though, but this mama is happy to get some work done, so we can enjoy the rest of the week better.
CONGRATULATIONS, Person’s Name, on making the bold decision to work from
Clark, G. (2007). A Farewell to Alms. A Brief Economic History of the World, Princeton University Press, Princeton and Oxford.
Banda: The sound of animals fighting
Given the amount of carbs I've just ingested, I'm hoping to find a burst of energy towards the end of the day so that I can go for a post work run. Given how I feel right now, however, I'm fairly certain I'm going to need a power nap first; hopefully I'll have the self-discipline to make it a 30 minute quickie, as I believe power naps are supposed to be, rather than taking the word 'power' and using it to mean 'I'm going to pass out, fully dressed, wake up around 8, and then have some wine' which is what I've been known to do on a Friday.
Caravans are moving across a horizon of sands
On the 15th Day of New York Christmas I give you the "Christmas Tree and Neapolitan Baroque Creche" at the Metropolitan Museum. The beautiful pieces were a gift from Loretta Hines Howard in 1964 and have been beautifully displayed every year. They do a beautiful lighting ceremony with music that brings you to tears. No pictures are allowed at this exhibit! I could never do it justice anyway.
I LOVE TO PLAN!
400m race - the anticipated race. Downing a banana for energy, I was placed in the third lane, right next to long-legged Oldham and long-breath Oldham. Pressure. According to Mr Alageasan, the one with the best timing is placed in the third lane. Huh? Me? Must be some mistake. It's long-breath Oldham, sir.
God Bless you Grandma Elsie on this Mother's Day and every day.
Make Up - Lucy Bridge @ Jedroot using illamasqua
Silence descended upon them once again, broken only by the sounds of both horses feet upon the dirt path. Brulee’s grip upon the reigns remained tight and she seemed to be holding herself more stiff than before, trying to avoid contact with her. It was many minutes before Creme could muster enough courage to speak again.
120g plain flour, sifted
Apparently he was rolling down a hillside at his grandfather’s ranch in western South Dakota, in the Black Hills. Something he and his brothers had done on occasion. And this particular day, he happened unfortunately .. upon a patch of cactus.
Another inning went by and as my wife and I stood up to head to the concession stand we heard the announcement for the Sugardale Hotdog Derby. Awesome. We quickly sat back down. The race began. Ol’ Ketchup was up to his rotten tricks again when Mr. Mustard pulled ahead in the home stretch to cross the line first. I was losing my mind. This day could not get any better.
SANTA CRUZ, Calif. — Poet Adrienne Rich, whose socially conscious verse influenced a generation of feminist, gay rights and anti-war activists, has died. She was 82.
Christmas pine scent makes me happy.
Ed Bishop who starred in this actually lived in the village next to me when I was a kid and his daughter went to my school. You used to see him driving around town in his Hillman Imp. I said hello to him a couple of times in the Co-Op and the Post Office, but always went bright red so as I got older I just worshipped him from a distance.
A few minutes later, Wesley has returned and he and I are ready for his verdict.
Tenth and finally, mothers, take the time to truly love your children. A mother’s unqualified love approaches Christlike love.
Hey guys. THANK YOU for all the congrats on hitting the NYT Bestseller list!!!! A lot of you have been hanging out here from the beginning, and you helped my book get there. So thank you very, very much.
On behalf of the millions of people in the world who live with the threat of a nuclear disaster ruining their lives, we are writing to ask you to recognize that now is the time to put people ahead of the nuclear industry and hold the industry fully liable for the risks and damages of its disasters. It is time to remove the risks of nuclear from people’s lives and shift our economies to clean, safe
BOOKMARKS!
Mackinson held out his hand and she passed him the gun. She was shaking hard now, teeth chattering. He wiped off her prints. Holding the warm barrel in his handkerchief he placed the pistol in Bubba’s unresisting hand.
God bless Him who comes in the name of The Lord! Amen!
Paper-Basic Black, Riding Hood Red, White, Pink Pirouette, Bella Rose DP, Black & White Dots Scrap
6/5 – Los Angeles, CA @ Echoplex
Forced on top of this exercise was a walk near Wrexham. Eliza describes it in her holiday homework:
I vaguely remembered a study that was covered in my schooling at Arizona State (Go Sundevils!). While I won’t go into all the details of the study (those of you who want to read the methods and see the statistical analysis can see the study here: http://www.columbia.edu/~ss957/articles/Choice_is_Demotivating.pdf) I will sum it up in a few short words: TOO MANY CHOICES CREATES CONSUMER CONFUSION!
For me, I've been eagerly snapping away 100s of photos during the 2 days we've been here. I am in love with this Turkish town! We are spending the bayram (holiday) weekend here with another couple and taking full advantage of exploring as much as we can.
I’ve been featuring the rather clever online shop and search portal, BagServant.co.uk since January 2012. I dip in out-and-out of their site on a daily basis to find, view, share, flaunt and even make a purchase or three (yes, three so far), of a new handbag.
The Horror Star
Sandy cloud was the densest in the entire history of observations of such phenomena.
I don't want to come across as the Grinch That Stole Easter or anything, but why in God's name does the chocolate-fest have to happen two weeks after I have committed to a wife-imposed diet and exercise regime?
Well, here's some pretty pictures. Maybe it will cheer me up, and at least give you something to look at.
Start-up companies in California such as Fitbit, Zeo and Basis provide this new target group with the measuring devices that self-trackers affix to their bodies or strap around their heads, arms, chests or abdomens. The newest of these gadgets are wireless, and offer a glimpse into a future in which even complex medical monitoring equipment will shrink down to miniature format.
This has been my 5th or 6th year as a Track Leader or higher for I-Con and while I am not longer a director or dumb enough to take that much power again I must admit it was busy and I do enjoy the power of a Committee member. It affords me the freedom, when I am not solving issues for my Track (Anime Films) or reprising my role as Audio Visual Coordinator. To be fair though, I was mearly assisting Lisa who did a fantastic job, as did all her Staff. It is relativly unfair though as AV Service Staff is my day job at Stony Brook Campus so I know the systems backwards and forwards. I just like to help. This Con has been part of my life at SBU before I even was enrolled as a matriculated student. Which leads to me to my decission not to retire like much of the other Anime Staff. I can’t imagine not being in I-Con. I know it is stressful and makes the weekend difficult and there is a large amount of arguing and fighting at times, but at the same time it is tradition. And I suppose I really can’t turn my back on the tradition that I-Con has become to my Stony Brook life. That being said for at least one more year I am CO-Track Leader for Anime Films. Kiddies do love their cartoons.
Hole # 14, par 5, Blue tees, 590 yards
i forgot to mention we added a few hooks on the small wall right when you walk in the back door to throw my purse, B's diaper bag, keys, and jackets on. they are simple but super helpful. it keeps our junk from piling up on the floor, which drives me nuts. next up is a boot tray to go underneath :)
May 8, 2009 Clip No. 2103
Let me also wear
Dr. Glassman is Professor of Dental Practice and Director of Community Oral Health and Director of the Pacific Center for Special Care at the University of the Pacific Arthur A. Dugoni School of Dentistry in San Francisco. Dr. Glassman also directs a residency program, widely recognized for its emphasis on preparing residents to care for people with complex medical, physical, and psychological conditions within a general dentistry practice.
Eva and I decided to test it out last Sunday evening.
DAAAAMNIIIIIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! @%##**@##%&$$%%!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
If you missed the February 25 show, click on the link below for a taste of what you didn’t get to see.
(Oh, and that wall? I was coming down with a cold. Maybe my plan isn’t to blame!)
You are my rock. You are my strength. That might seem so cliche for me to say, but it's so true. You've made me realize what love is, and how so many things I thought I felt in the past was never anything to compare to what I have and feel now. I am so excited to become your wife today and to embark on this journey together. You were my first real true love and I'm so excited for all of the other "firsts" we have to come -- homes, trips, children. It's all so much to look forward to and I thank God every day for putting you in my life.
Name the number one person who would make you faint if he/she commented on your blog or tweeted you on Twitter. (Can be a celebrity, author, or anyone else, but it has to be a real, living person.)
Call it CISPA if you want..or SOPA or Fucking anything!
The criteria to have forgiven debt excluded as taxable income is the debt must be from a primary residence, and the debt must be used to buy, build or substantially improve a primary residence.
Some excerpts from Ben Szobody's in-depth piece titled, No presidential candidate has excited young evangelicals:It’s not the loudest group of voters, but the fate of the 2012 presidential race and even the future fortunes of the Republican Party may partly hinge on a swelling group of independents loosely defined as young evangelical Christians.
little everything.
We lost a chicken. It happened a week ago, we'd been letting them out of the pen to free range it for a little while and when Dirk went to put them up, two were missing. The rest were terrorized. Some were sitting in the coop, not budging, and two were on top of each other cowering in a corner of the pen. Dirk had to pick them up and put them inside, so obviously something got after them. We looked everywhere but two were just gone. Dirk found a pile of feathers as evidence that something happened. I was sad, we'd finally got them all laying! I was sad for the bird and sad for the loss of eggs.
Another thing I was good at as a boy was finding money - let's hope that I'm fated to come into possession of large amounts of the stuff soon. Must remember to buy myself a lottery ticket this coming Wednesday. Anyone know if it's a rollover?
The Tams have no fear of the pools as long as their guardian suns are bright. They bathe and play within the sacred and cooling waters. As evening draws, they pay tribute to Archorid to appease his appetite. No longer are the dead and dying offered up as sacrifice, a concession to the newcomers made many years ago. Archorid’s appetite is now sated by straying animals or domestic poultry. Some settlers had tried to rid the settlement of Archorid, spearing his hulking form. Yet he’d re-appear…another pool…another night, when the heaven rearranged itself upon the Doppler waters, or one of the old Protectors made an illegal offering; his scaled and glistening form barely visible before jaws emerge,
I don’t think we have any yet. I’m not sure what day The Man has duty so that always plays into it. If it’s nice out we’ll probably head to either Point No Point (pictured) or Fort Warden with the pups so Molly can play in the water.
I had so much fun making it all and I hope you all enjoy it.
Since it was still really early after we were done eating, Patrick and I got to go to Ocean Park! Unfortunately, Martina had to head to the airport, but at least she got to see Stanley Market that morning…even if none of it was open yet!
Jordan got his snowboard but now is waiting for snow so he can use it. Poor kid can you belive we are missing snow(well I'm not). Brendan got his remote control boat. Sage got barbies galore. And Emmett got his Thomas James and Percy. Chris and I got an Ipad and it was nice since our lap top decided to crash the day before Christmas.
run to Midnight on April 26th.
10. Nuts. Almonds, pistache, cashew, and more. I like nuts: filling, healthy and easy.
During the week I’m the vulnerable prey of tabloid journalists and radio phone-ins – the classic shrill Arsenal fan who is so easy to wind up. Stir up some controversy about Arsenal and give your website hits or join your listenership for a couple of hours.
Sunday. Trying to work up the enthusiasm to write another post about the Juicy Athena Gravy story, but not quite sure how to do it without consulting lawyers first. Apparently if you speak Italian this article is significant. I don’t know what to make of it, but coffee room gossip is that Private Eye would.
Friday 17.12.2010 Day 351
Here on the island we also rely on home delivery, by either Schwans (love it!) or amazon grocery, etc. You can find great deals if you are willing and able to buy in bulk, and buying in bulk is a really good idea when you’re on an island. It is a practice that I will continue when and if we ever move mainland. Coupons are also a huge help, which most of you already know. The coupon craze is more than just a fad and I don’t know any budget-conscience mom who doesn’t clip and save. To be sure I have no advice to share that hasn’t already been shared. But in case you are not a Harris Teeter shopper, if you live near one this is the best place to redeem your coupons. They double coupons everyday (up to 99 cent) and on a quarterly basis (sometimes more often) they have triple coupon days. They also do super double days which double coupons up to $1.99. The closest Harris Teeter to me is about 85 or 90 miles, but it is worth it to make the trip if I have enough coupons and a long enough list.
3. Now search for Whittemore Peterson Institute for Neuro-Immune Disease.
Has the real identity of River Song been revealed?
While the premise may not sound like the best setup for a comedy, the script strays away from the doom and gloom of this lost spark and provides plenty of humor. There are sex talks, some quirky situational comedy, a little crying, and even awkward dancing from these film icons. Based on the trailer, the most interesting aspect of the humor of this film is that it seems that Streep and Jones cause much of the laughter while funny-man Carell plays the straight man. The Office obviously has great comedic timing so I hope the scripts gives him something to work with.
3- Perhaps someone from your “help” desk can contact me via email or this blog. That would be lovely! — L.
Although there were these moments of downsides, I will definitely be back to this city in summer and I just can hardly wait for it!! :)
Top of the table clash. Rovers go into this off two disappointing trips having only been able to manage a 1-1 draw away to Cork City, then squeezing past Cliftonville on penalties midweek after losing 2-0 after 120 minutes. Shels are also on the seven point mark after an impressive start to the season which has seen Alan Matthews side beat Derry and Bohs as well as draw with Sligo.
Just leave a comment below telling me the best zombie book you've read this year, or want to read! Contest ends 5/25 so be sure to comment before than!
kind of lop-sided and wonky.
Some of you on Facebook have already seen these pics, but I should be posting up a host of others shortly. In the meantime, I hope you all behaved in my absence, and that your week was a great one too! I'll try to update more deets about our trip in the days to come.
That word is imbeciles.
Monkey arrived shortly after I posted yesterday, and J got home not long after that... We were playing around and having fun before dinner, and Monkey was running through the house. He was running full tilt in the living room when he tripped over his tricycle and face planted into a speaker. Of course, the corner of the speaker hit him right in the mouth. He was on his knees with his hands over his mouth, and I grabbed him up. When I was finally able to pull him away from me long enough to look at his face, I saw that he was bleeding. Lots. Not scary amounts, but mouth wounds bleed a lot.
6/5- PCW Loose Cannons Unleashed 8 from Milwaukee, WI
In the last 18 months I have set about reforming my practice and by the end of 2012 it will be fully complete. Then my clients will have choices in terms of how they wish to pay me for my advice including fee-for-service.
God had dealt with sin before. The grumpy grannies and grandpas, men and women in the desert who had left slavery in Egypt – sulked and moaned. And God dealt with sin – there was judgement through snakes!
I can’t just skip up because I feel like I should be further along than I am. Because I won’t have built a foundation, all of that will come crashing down. I know that’s true, I tried to skip up before, it all crumbled and I was left looking at the hole where the foundation was supposed to be.
I want to say to God. You wanted me to give them to You, so why don’t you just keep them!!! Stop bringing them around me!!
However, outside the store I struck up an acquaintance with a local woman named Shirley. I showed her some of the printouts I had made from web articles about ul-Fuqra, and she was very interested; she proved to have a wealth of local lore on the subject.
The report makes several recommendations including: formation of a citizens commission for oversight of the cruise ship activity, management of cruise ships similar to management of other tourism activity within the city, collection of reasonable fees by the city and continued study of the industry’s impact on the city.
There was a creek, as one of the shadowy figures opened one of the windows, and the air seemed to immediately clear, as the outside air guzzled the smoke up.
“Simon. I’m employed by Principal Sal, and a student. You must be Star?” I said.
Katherine was kind enough to answer my usual
Mountain Sun Pub & Brewery Quinn's Golden Ale
Sorry I haven't been blogging much. Life has been insanely busy with work and wedding festivities. One of those wedding festivities was a bridal shower hosted by my bridesmaids and my mom at my parents' house two weekends ago. My grandparents, Mimi and Pappaw, drove all the way from Florida to attend the shower. It was wonderful.
The profile of beer overall would benefit from Molson Coors and the other international brewers becoming strong competitors in the cask and premium bottled markets. Molson Coors have already taken the most positive attitude towards cask beer of all the “Big Four”, investing in a dedicated cask brewing plant at Burton-on-Trent, launching Worthington White Shield and the paler, lower-strength Red Shield on cask and announcing a wide range of guest ales.
Christian L. DeSimone, 23, Ringwood, N.J.
Golden Dawn’s candidates are not career politicians; they include farmers, shepherds, workers and retired army officers.
I really appreciate it that you take the time to look at my blog and leave such lovely comments. Thank you each and every one of you. Hugs,
I didn't know why you would pause in the doorway,
“The youth do it for the money. They don’t realize all the evil they’re going to have to do, like murders and beheadings, and when it starts getting bad, they start using more and more drugs to make it bearable. That gives Satan a foothold,” Garcia said.
My other good new is that Bj co-owner of Cheery Lynn Dies wants to have my Flowers at the booth she will be at no 15 Creative Scrapbooking at the Scrapbooking and Paper Craft Convention and Expo in June at the Brisbane Convention & Exhibition Centre Southbank.I am very honoured and excited to have them on display.
wheretofore so help them God, amen. I had received several such letters in the
Queen Size La Palma 260TC Canadian White Goose Down Comforter-Deluxe Fill
I made you a wedding band of daisies
Moss said: “Times have changed so much since 1955, the biggest difference between then and now is that Mercedes won every race they entered in 1955, including sports car races, with exception of the Monaco Grand Prix.
Feed the wire through the bottle cap with two holes. Make a loop on one side of the bottle cap. Make a second loop on the other side of the bottle cap. Cut the wire from the spool. File the wire ends until smooth.
my thighs,
Kathleen
Ale to the Chief. A 100% Brettanomyces beer reminiscent of a Belgian Pale, but hopped with American cascade and dry hopped. Brewer, Steve ‘The Breeze’ Breezly.
Chris and I have been doing ok. Chris got a paramotor which is pretty cool. He has been paragliding a lot more this summer. He took my sister Krystal tandem while she was out here. It looked pretty fun. I had her test it out for me. She said it was scary but worth it. So I may get up enough nerve to try it out. Chris has been busy working but also spending good quality time with the family.
09 Born To Run (4:24)
This leads to the main idea of the novel: Jack and Babette are both terrified of death. This secret fear dominates every aspect of their lives, with the only salvation being endless distractions. ”Who will die first? This question comes up from time to time, like where are the car keys. It ends a sentence, prolongs a glance between us. I wonder if the thought itself is part of physical love, a reverse Darwinism that awards sadness and fear to the survivor. Or is it some inert element in the air we breathe, a rare thing like neon, with a melting point, an atomic weight?” For Jack, only the formidable presence of Hitler represents a power that is large enough to neutralize and protect him from his own fear of death. Babette teaches a posture class to retirees, and secretly prostitutes herself to gain access to an experimental drug that will suppress fear of dying. Murray suggests to Jack that the best method to ward off death is to take another’s person life. Jack hatches a plan to kill his wife’s ersatz lover (with a gun that was cryptically given to Jack by his vagabond father-in-law), the inventor of the (ineffective) drug. The final series of events leaves both men wounded and in a hospital run by German nuns. Jack is shocked to discover that the nuns themselves don’t believe in God or an afterlife. ”You don’t believe in heaven? Your dedication is a pretense?” ”Our presence is a dedication. As belief shrinks from the world, people find it more necessary than ever that someone believe…Nuns in black…Fools, children…We surrender our lives to make your nonbelief possible. There is no truth without fools.” ”I don’t want to hear this,” he protests. ”This is terrible.” ”But true,” she answers.
1 amusement
"Chewin' The Fat" - 3:11
Today, day two of our anniversary celebration, H took me horseback riding in Galveston. I have been wanting to go horseback riding since I moved here five years ago so H finally planned it! It was so much fun! The company is S-n-G Horseback Riding, for anyone interested.
Like most girls, I LOVE makeup, I love the idea of waking up in the morning and applying that little bit of mascara or eyeliner just to brighten up my eyes. But have the pressures of today and society itself made girls feel that insecure about themselves where I see makeup applied where I just want to wipe it all off?
Every day will be "themed" - now these themes aren't set in stone - so if, for example, I have another topic weighing on my heart or I just can't thing of anything to write for that theme I may write about something else. But this will give me - and you, kids! - an opportunity to see "what's in store" for the week! I will also be posting this list somewhere in my sidebar soon.
After emailing our Member of parliament, education office, school and everyone else I haven't heard anything back from anyone :(
Father your word is true your precepts are binding your promises can not be broken. Father I pray today that what ever comes our way that the spirit of God that raised Jesus from the dead that lives inside of us as believers would rise up inside and come out in our speech and our attitudes and power that we would take authority over whatever is trying to defeat us. Lord you are greater and mightier than all of our enemies help us to stand in these promises in Jesus name.
Central to several hit songs and movies, the Profumo affair (which by today's standards wouldn't have made quite that big or extended a splash) escalated into a media circus, rocking British politics to its core.
So do I.
Coordination and Management of Outside Counsel
The police go on to say most of these illegal immigrants "may belong to the economically-active age group, as well as the high crime-risk age group".
I only knew that it was scheduled for demolition in January. I drove by one night last week and saw an empty space in the park, covered with snow.
Another guy I finally got round to checking out in depth this year. Everything that is good about modern singer songwriters – unique voice and worldview, individual style, quiet rebellion.
Three years ago M & D planted a cherry tomato plant by the French doors that lead into the family room. One day Molly & Jessie were coming in from the yard and as Jessie walked past the plant she took one tomato off and ate it. We thought that was so cute, and it continued - only one little tomato and only when she was coming into the family room, and never a green tomato. So, that became Jessie's "Mater" plant.
He searched dog-eared books, bare cupboards, bursting churches, tranquil ponds and rousing taverns. He roared at the sky and mumbled to himself and he learned nothing.
Why do thousands of Chabad "shulchim" go to the "ends of the earth" to feed some Jewish straggler a kosher meal, while ignoring the historic call of reaching out to Jews in Eretz Yisrael who have distanced themselves from Torah?
Anna is a wonderful character, impossible to dislike and you'll find yourself rooting for her from page one, just like I did. She's a little awkward and clumsy but not in the ridiculously annoying Bella Swan fashion, she's just a regular girl who makes the same stupid mistakes as the rest of us, which makes it so easy to like her. St Clair, too, is flawed enough to make him feel like a real person, rather than a two dimensional heart throb who has very little going for him, besides good hair. He has his ups and downs and I loved witnessing the struggle between St Clair, Anna and St Clair's girlfriend, Ellie.
And it was his sales pitch that got my attention…
‘It sounds pretty obvious to me.’
April 27, 2012: Malaysia has ordered 90 AA-12 radar guided missiles from Russia, for use on Malaysian MiG-29s and Su-30s. The AA-12 (or RVV-AE, or R-77) is the Russian counterpart to the American AMRAAM. The AA-12 is similar in size and weight, weighing 175 kg (385 pounds) versus 152.2 kg (335 pounds) for AMRAAM. AA-12 is 3.8 meters (11.9 feet) long compared to 3.6 meters (11.2 feet), and 200mm in diameter versus 178mm. The AA-12 has a max range of 90 kilometers (compared to 70 for AMRAAM).
DEATH GRIPS - The Money Store
In an effort to respond to your learning needs, we would ask that you to propose (via email) a contract for completion of S726 in accordance with the course objectives. This means that you need to list products (with proposed due dates) that will demonstrate your competency in accordance with course learning objectives. Keep in mind this would need to be completed before May 1st, 2009. We both are open to your ideas and would suggest that you keep this simple, but with enough detail so that products are clear. You may also self-evaluate your products for grading purposes. We want you to be challenged in your learning experience and we want it to be a positive learning experience.
* "Sanofi Aventis Taxotere Patents invalidated by CAFC", here. To the untutored reader, "Sanofi Aventis Taxotere" might sound like one of the magic spells from Bedknobs and Broomsticks, but discerning guest Kat Darren picks up its deeper meaning.
Here is how it usually goes: in the middle of chit-chat with a friend about, say, Downton Abbey, I say: “It’s good and all, but you know what’s a really great series that no one knows about? North & South. Do you know it?”
Seven decades later, the five remaining survivors of the raid led by then-Lt. Col. James H. “Jimmy” Doolittle recognize their prominent place in history. Nothing like it had ever been done before. But faced with an enemy that already had proved its ability to strike the U.S. homeland, 80 brave men volunteered for what had all the makings of a suicide mission, its main purposes to satisfy a burning desire for revenge, to boost morale in the war’s darkest days and to demonstrate that the nation’s resolve remained as strong as steel.
She tries not to shake her head violently at all of these invasive voices coming at her from the dark corners of the room. She can faintly make out the shape of one of her inquisitors, who sits nearest her across the table, on the edge of the harsh light pouring down onto her. She tries to see the shapes of the other people in the room, but she can’t quite make out where they were standing in the darkness.
This poem I wrote after a long night of talking but with a heavy heart of thinking. It was a very dark poem which was the personification of what I was feeling at that moment… nothing. This was my best way to describe my inner turmoil and lack of hope for the future.
As most Singaporeans are food-lovers, this advertisement is relevant to us in Singapore. With the download of RednanoLOCATE, it will be convenient to be able to locate good makan places nearest to you at a faster speed than asking verbally. It is also time-saving.
Documentary Feature: Hell and Back Again
There is a line in an extract from Plato in which a stranger, whilst discussing with Theaetetus what is true and real in life, says “Then what we call an image is in reality really unreal.”
in short protecting the old feudal monopolies and the paternalism that went with them, the AWL are characterised by their defence of the bureaucratic, 'feudal', state capitalist monopolies, and the paternalism that goes with them.
As always, don’t hesitate to contact me if you have any questions or to set up a free consultation.
Lewis Schaffer – Different Shit, Same Suit Mike Belgrave
In the letter, Gadahn offers suggestions on how to communicate with western media, including the idea of offering a handful of journalists a chance to interview high-ranking al-Qaida members, including bin Laden, for the attack anniversary. Gadahn also chastises Western media for not challenging U.S. officials and condemning the jihadist movement.
I had a lot of self-inflicted problems with this quilt, but it is now done. It's about 44.5" wide, and I'm going to pitch it as a table topper for the quilt guild's silent auction at the show this summer. (The proceeds from the auction go to pay the bills for the show, and I have permission from the publisher to use the pattern for this purpose.)
-To a mind that is still the whole universe surrenders.
so many good topics we've discussed at comicsuk forum
hahaa
In a small saucepan, boil butter, water and dates. Cool until lukewarm.
I look over the information and try to implement the ideas that are put forth from someone else who is doing it.
Revival--The Soulsavers
So take your 12x12 cardstock and make a pencil mark at 6” right across the paper dividing it in half. You will erase this mark later. This is the only tricky part. You are making a triangle where all the sides measure 6” out of the paper so take a ruler and start in one corner, angle the ruler against the middle line to put the 6” mark is on the line and the end of the ruler on the corner. Draw a line. Do the same thing from the opposite corner and you should have a perfect 6” sided triangle. I hope you understand how I made this, if not ask and I’ll try to make it clearer.
Hi everyone! Thank you for all of the encouraging words on my last blog post! Your comments truly do make me so happy! I have been working hard taking pictures and posting items in my new store "Wood in Vintage". It's a combination of fun and hard work trying to get the pictures and writing the descriptions.
The aperture is a device with a circular or polygonal shape, compesed by thin metal sheets that, sliding one on another create a variation of the diameter size of the aperture that controls the amount of light that get across the lens; this light in the end reach the sensor(in digital photography) or the film(in analogic photography).
We take a sample from each kind of dough and cook them up. The oven smells of peppermint, easily overtaking the other flavors. Maybe they WILL burn off their odour.
Before the screening of Lebanon, Akiva Tor invoked the memory of the late Yitzchak Rabin, paraphrasing remarks Israel’s current Prime Minister, Benjamin Netanyahu made at the memorial service held at Herzl cemetery in Israel. Bibi described how Rabin united the Israeli populace, evolving from a security hawk to a peace-seeking, and more importantly peace-believing dove. Despite media portrayals to the contrary, Netanyahu emphasized that Israel is less polarized today than it was when Rabin was its leader. Living through the collective trauma of the collapse of Oslo and the Second Intifada, the Right understands the Left better today, with the reverse being equally true. He ended by noting that the country is in fact more like Rabin today.
Places that exhibit a strong sense of place have an identity and character recognized immediately by a visitor and valued deeply by residents. New Mexico is such a place, with long history and traditions of family that go years back. Northern New Mexico is known for it's old churches, which help to keep the traditions over time. The oldest church in the US is here in Santa Fe, and the oldest house is also in Santa Fe. It is a land so beautiful, it is known as the "land of enchantment."
Next, we call on Saturn, Uranus and Neptun the cold, remote wastes of the solar system. The atmospheres of these giant ‘ planets are known to contain hydrogen, marsh gas, helium, ammonia (on Saturn) and no oxygen at all. Such an atmosphere is poisonous to Earth men.
I am not above all of this. I am part of the problem. These past years have not been fun for me and I now can see that the root of the problem has been inside me all along. The anger and viciousness I have hurled at others to express my dissatisfaction with life makes me no better than those people in Prescott. My assertion that other people have it easier than me and that I deserve better means I am just as greedy as BP oil trying to take shortcuts in order to make more money. My speechifying about my greater understanding of the food chain due to my agricultural background still sees me going to the grocery store for the bulk of my meals – despite what I claim to know.
Verbena herb is known for it's effects in dispelling depression and countering nervous exhaustion and anxiety. Great for headaches and migraines and is said to be one of the best palliatives for the onset of colds and flu. It is reputed to be a good daily mouthwash as it's strong anti-inflammatory ability has a strong affinity for the mucus membranes of the mouth and nose.
Please visit Astri - she has a wonderful blog!
My will to live returned again,
If something is getting that much attention, it's probably worth an hour of my time to give it a look so I asked Nanci if I could borrow her copy. I read several chapters and I have to admit, I'm not getting it. To be honest, if it had come in via our slush pile, I would have passed on it without requesting a full. I didn't connect with the characters or find myself enmeshed in the writing. Now granted, this genre is not my bailiwick so that's going to be a factor.
By him, or by his minions.
Email Checked - Email is the most distracting item and some mornings I have to set a timer to get on and off the computer. I have been weeding out the junk in my inbox by clicking the unsubscribe link to unnecessary emails and advertising. Using my folders in Outlook has helped to organize my email and inbox so it is not cluttered and I can find items when needed. This is the time of the day when I will catch up with our daughter in Norway, work on my Lilla Rose business,blog or Facebook.
“Zeph? Zephyr? How could it be? That was me on the right and… Zeph was… she was… Zeph, my Zeph…”
yathā padāṅguṣṭha-viniḥsṛtā sarit
Our family was now living apart because my husband had to return to work. I was a single mother Monday to Friday and suddenly our family who did everything together did most things apart. My career was finished, our savings were disappearing fast, we had to sell a car to make ends meet and put our investment house up for sale to clear the debt. We were one income down and eventually when my husband found a job, so our family could be reunited, he took a huge pay cut to do so.
The attempt to remove Christianity from the public arena can be seen implicitly in the way groups like the Military Association of Atheists and Freethinkers are pressuring the Air Force to remove Bibles from on-base lodging rooms. Under the guise of fighting against “a special privilege for Christianity,” atheists are seeking to have Gideon Bibles removed from the rooms by equating the placement of those Bibles with “insensitive practices that illegally promote religion over non-religion or unethically discriminate against religions or differing beliefs.”
by breaking the unions before it’s too late.
This one is in response to a request - thought I'd publish it as plums are ready to go right now!
Headaches and Heartaches. Not much to say about this song except that it is one of my favorites. It was brought in as a totally finished number by Sam and we all kind of said "Yeah but it should go like this" and totally changed his arrangement! It's simply a pleasure just to play on this song. More than anything I thoroughly enjoyed the entire recording process of it. Sam and I got to sing the backing vocals 'live' together in the studio (including doing a crazy kind of dance together which has me grinning from ear to ear just thinking about it) and I also had the pleasure of opening the can of beer at the end and talking those great big gulps. Ahhh. Just a great song. I love it.
Sports
Bring it on, Mother Nature, bring it on!
Brazil’s tropical storms bring death every summer as torrential rains unleash floods and mudlsies that can bury whole communities in minutes. A single storm killed nearly 1,000 people last year.
So I’ve been monitoring the trends on Twitter the past few days and I have to say the collaborative efforts of everyone on there does generate the oddest set of trends. The top one being, that hit the news recently, inspired by Google, “Do a barrel roll”. The Google page spins when you type in the phrase on the search bar, similarly if you type in “tilt” the page will also comply. The Google software engineers said it was to showcase the power of modern browsers, however a lot of people on Twitter and other networking sites managed to link it back to an old N64 game Star Fox. So therefore everyone has been rather nostalgic about this old game, in which you were told to evade people by doing a barrel roll, NOW!
If the Character is dead and there are no high level miracle workers around, there's only one thing you can do: go through their clothes and look for loose change.
then let me tell you.....
Tiny frail objects traveling slowly get turned into nasty bloody confetti when their paths cross those of large heavy objects traveling rapidly.
Anyway, it will be good to see my "old" friends again, (I'm sorry), as I haven't seen some of them for nearly a year! And we only live 4 miles away from each other. Ridiculous, I know, but time just seems to disappear when you get old.
First Published: Mar. 21, 2011 – Guardian
Since I need SOOO many Birthday cards I decided to make this little ice cream cone. I used the Sweet Something's stamps for the sentiment. This is a super easy card and since time has been of the essence in our house it is exactly what I needed.
Community has been up and down since its return from hiatus in March, but this episode reminds us of how silly and wonderful the show can be when it gets down to it. There is no doubt that the study group’s mission to clear their names will be outlandish, over the top and a lot of fun to watch.
Charlize Theron was photographed leaving her hotel in Tribeca while heading to NBC studios to tape a guest appearance on the Today show with co-star Kristen Stewart to chat with Matt Lauer about their new movie, Snow White and the Huntsman on Monday (March 19) in New York City.
I am so freakin lost and confused and I hate it, hate it, hate it! And what really sucks...my next class is the same thing, level 2......aaaaaaaaaaaargh!!! Bad, bad timing for this class.
The great irony is that it’s shutting down in the year this country hosts the Olympic Games. Our politicians lecture us that we’re overweight and underfit; they urge us to take up sport, to exercise, to move our bodies. They're right: exercise is vital – our bodies need to move in order to stay fit and healthy. Sure, you could get out there and walk/run/cycle/swim. But you need to be motivated to do that and, let’s be honest, for a lot of people motivation is the toughest part of the exercise equation. Trisha, one of the instructors, is one of life’s natural motivators. I have watched people literally change shape under her mentoring. They shed pounds, drop dress/trouser sizes, go from couch potatoes to people who run marathons. Seriously. I’ve also seen confidence grow, shyness fade away, depression lift, anxiety calm down. People have healed themselves at that damn gym, damnit.
* Human Resources Manager-Recruiter
Still, our stuff is stuck in a container in South Africa, the Mexican government refuses to officially acknowledge that they'd like for us to stay longer, leaving us to live in a vacation rental apartment, out of our suitcases, without a car, without a local bank account (leaving my Danish Visa-card soon closed and screaming for mercy), without a cellular subscription, and without anywhere to properly call home. Although we already are, referring to Mexico City as home, like we never left in the first place.
Million Selling Number 1 Hits on COLUMBIA 1960 – 1990
While Markowitz acknowledges his tendency to clown, "for Brooklyn,” Dovere is astute enough to recognize the "darkness" and vindictiveness behind the jocularity.
The second article, Ambitious Law Firm is Reduced to Grim Dispatches paints a very distressing situation where a professional service provider, in this case a law firm is suffering the consequences of having service provider compensation get out of alignment with the relationship between service providers and Job Creators. It certainly resonates with us…..which provides us with an excellent opportunity for us to reach out to our clients and let them know that we “get it” and realize that without their continued risk taking, we would be nowhere. THANK YOU.
I did take some into work but I realized that I did have some really cute ornaments.
Not too shabby for 40k miles. I blew all the dust out, and put the wheels back on. I also replaced the hydraulic hood prop that had given up the ghost. The hydraulic props are nice, but they only last a few years before the pressure slowly bleeds out of them, and then they don't hold the hood open.
We do have a picture of this.
Your shirt for mine.
Revolutionary Mac & Cheese
Jamie Moyer was teammates with Davey Lopes … and Ron Cey … and Dick Ruthven … and Jim Sundberg … and Manny Trillo.
Actually, I think showing myself on 위대한 탄생 has a meaning to all musicians in the underground scene in Korea, including Sweet Guerillaz. I just hope my appearances on the TV show will turn some more people interested in getting themselves into the live houses with strong attractive points from the scene.
Wow! From the West Mall to college radio in a matter of months! Pretty cool! Plus it was a connection to Texas and to Austin that I was happy to make.
There was an incident earlier in which a person was hit by a train at Bedford station.
Here's another page I completed by layering paper scraps from the kit underneath my photo. Now I have officially used up every piece of patterned paper (except for the tiniest scraps) from the entire kit! Go me!
One of the most famous PR firms in the entertainment industry is 42 West. The firm has two main locations in New York and Los Angeles. The name refers to their different locations on opposite coasts. 42 is for 42nd Street in Manhattan and West is for the West coast in Los Angeles. Their main campaign is, “With unparalleled experience, contacts, and expertise, 42 West is one of the leading full-service public relations firms in the entertainment industry.” The clientele they serve includes actors, musicians, recording artists, authors and corporate individuals. They also handle the publicity of some television shows and movies. Some of their services are publicity and communication strategies, marketing, improving public views and opinions, and counseling clients. 42 West provides a variety of services to a wide range of clients, but specializes in the entertainment industry.
1 8 oz. block* of extra sharp cheddar cheese
I went to investigate. There on the floor, lying on her back, was Snuggles. She had a plastic bag with some dried something in it. She was chewing on it, tossing it in the air, rubbing herself all over the floor!
I have a Kindle. I love it. A voracious reader, it certainly won’t stop me buying books. But on consideration, which is more environmentally-friendly? The book-making process (paper, processing, ink etc) or the plastics and metal within the reading device? The lights needed to read by, the power required to recharge… and ultimately, the words of the author. I am glad the stories continue to be told, by whatever medium. I will listen.
In addition to the wrongness of the initial incident, there is also the moral concern about the responsibility of the people who are supposed to keep an eye on such matters. While the head of the agency did resign, that hardly restores the wasted money and clearly does not undo the damage done by the incident.
I would love to read your comments.
In our upcoming blog posts for May and June, we’ll explore these and other issues to help you make decisions about which treatments or programs may be most effective for your children or students.
So far, so on course for my 4-hour cheap veal stock.
Redevelopment has produced several archeological, landscape, building and excavation surveys and reports researched by researchers not of St Kitts but of learned universities and external consultancies. But the social history and culture of the Africans who constructed and maintained Wingfield over the centuries are largely absent. Today in the grant scheme of remembrance, the emphasis is on the ownership of the land and buildings and bringing the ruined estate into a condition where it can be purchased by visitors and title deed holders but most importantly to regain its once economic value and status outside of the context of the African contribution. Hotel and tourism is the new sugar and the ruined plantation is central to the sweetness. Today the ruined plantation offers large exclusive properties much like the big plantation houses of the 1817, with a physically-free African working population on 24/7 call, offering domestic services to dwindling tourist market, mainly in the interest of large European multinational corporations and oversees individuals who controls the hotel and tourism industry globally.
Eventually, the fugitive squad got the prints from Atlanta and realized they had the wrong guy, she said. "Unfortunately, you have to keep going down there. Otherwise, they'll drop the ball," Moore said. One of the Dallas DNA exonerees, James Giles, was initially arrested because he had the same name as the actual suspect in a similar, Kafka-esque identity mix-up that cost him ten years in prison and another 14 as a registered sex offender before his name was cleared. Some of these cases take a lot longer than a week to sort out.
Hope you all have a great week and Happy Valentine's Day! If you love someone tell them, look them in the eye, give them lots of kisses and hugs. You never know how long you have with each other.
He said: “We apologise for that, but anticipate the vast majority of community members will be patient and understanding.
Labour Ex-councillor Kyle-Noel Taylor
A dear friend is celebrating her birthday today as she enthusiastically begins practicing for the big one next year. I’m so glad we’re friends so I can tease her, especially since I passed this milestone a while ago. Happy birthday, Peggy.
the road, and nothing more;
At 'Go!', the two women charged at the open Gateway. A couple of yards short, they bent as one and dived the last of the way. The Gate swallowed them, as tactile and resistant as air, and they emerged at the top of a four-hundred-foot plummet. Rings of shattered concrete, plaster and steel whistled past, the remains of the building's interiors, wrecked in the Realmcrash. By some fluke of engineering, almost the whole central part of the tower had smashed through, leaving a perfect vertical accelerator for a talented Gatemaker.
4. Kath Langrish at Seven Miles of Steel Thistles
This invitation is very good news as we never get out anymore what with HackneyBaby and all. Maybe there will be alcohol! Also, maybe the footfall of visiting artists and art lovers will be such that one of them will see the For Sale sign outside our flat and want to buy it. You never know.
Sexy ads are slinking back to the Super Bowl.
I'm working on my indecisive nature, but I'm having a hard time with it right now. As you may know, the decorating of my master bedroom/bathroom/closet is on my Spring Forward Project List. I decided on the color scheme and had a few ideas in mind on how I wanted to paint the walls in the bedroom. It involved a navy blue accent wall where the bed is, navy blue walls in the sitting area, and blue-grey for the rest of the walls. After some thought, I decided that I'm not feeling the accent wall thing. For some reason I just don't like accent walls as much as I used to. Now the problem is that I have to figure out what color I'm going to paint the walls. Navy blue all over or a lighter color. I'm so confused! I love the dramatic and bold look of a dark room, and it's just so sexy to me...
Here’s a picture of it:
So if you are looking for a family friendly restaurant with good food and great service you need look no further than Ciao Mediterranean Restaurant and Pizzaria in Gwynneville.
This creates a three-way interaction. A successful interview will include all three groups in the correct mix.
Collapse: How Societies Choose to Fail or Succeed, by Jared Diamond: he “employs the comparative method to understand societal collapses to which environmental problems contribute.” He lists 12 environmental problems facing mankind today. The first eight have historically contributed to the collapse of past societies: (1) Deforestation and habitat destruction; (2) Soil problems (erosion, salinization, and soil fertility losses); (3) Water management problems (4) Overhunting; (5) Overfishing; (6) Effects of introduced species on native species; (7) Overpopulation; (8) Increased per-capita impact of people. The root problem in all but one of Diamond's factors leading to collapse is overpopulation relative to the practicable (as opposed to the ideal theoretical) carrying capacity of the environment.
CHALLENGE OBJECTIVE:
I find that I pray for them. Even after all that I’ve been through. And all the things that have happened. That I can’t help but believe they did to me. I find I am not angry with them. I find, instead, that I am sad for them. And sorry for them. For they have lost touch with their own hearts and souls. And they no longer know what they do, or how they live. That they simply cannot see the way they are.
We spent the rest of the morning being lazy and just enjoying the easy life. I took Cassie over to her friend Kharlin's house. Apparently the teenagers decided to hang out down there and play outside. This midwest girl was amazed by the fact that there were actually cars in the ditch! I mean, it's snowy. The road are icy. But do people not realize that because of that, you can't drive like idiots? I couldn't help but laugh at that.
The weekend is dominated by several Cymbelines and plenty of Cinema: English teacher Diana Walsgrove’s production at Havant is seen by a number of students on Friday and Saturday, some of whom are at the Shakespeare Society’s reading of the play at my house on Sunday. Sunday evening and anyone who’s anyone is in the Lupton Hall at the Bedales Film Festival 2012 where at least 15 films are watched by an appreciative audience and panel of judges including me. Some have been carefully put together over months; some, more Blair Witch Project than high budget, have resulted from the determined and frantic efforts of a wet Sunday afternoon. The range is therefore wide but the standard is impressive and shows a significant tick up from last year. Toby G’s remarkable account of the time he and his two OB brothers spent in the wilds of the Yukon is the winner. Tarquin R’s sensitive account of an old man’s fading musical powers and the spoof silent melodrama involving Celeste M, Georgie D and Rufus R are also deservedly in the top 3. Entirely student-led, colourfully and cleverly masterminded by Fred A and, now in its 3rd year, the Film Festival is one of many beacons to student initiative and creativity.
Two union leaders--beefy guys hardly afraid of confrontation--bluntly looked to assign blame. Gary La Barbera, president of the New York Central Labor Council (right), suggested, “When labor and community comes together, there’s nothing we can’t do,” adding, “Together, we can defeat any of our opposition.”
So far only your eyes have been made contact with your novel/script. You need another pair of eyes to read it. You want to send out your absolute best effort. You don’t get a second chance.
5 min: Meireles curls the freekick over the wall but it’s easy pickings for Krul.
“Mad Men: A term coined in the late 1950’s to describe the advertising executives of Madison Avenue. They coined it.” Those are the words shown after the theme song of the pilot episode of AMC’s hit series, Mad Men. After those words fade away, the view shifts to the infamous back of Don Draper’s head. He is sitting at a table at a bar. Within the first two minutes of the episode, he pulls out a Lucky Strike cigarette and begins smoking. Lucky Strike cigarettes: the pinnacle of Sterling Cooper. Don tries to persuade his waiter to leave his trusted brand of cigarettes and switch to Lucky Strike. Persuasion. Then, Don heads to the home of one of the multitudes of women with whom he will have an affair throughout the series. Betrayal. The next morning there is a bird’s eye view of Madison Avenue, buzzing with corporate America, as Don enters his own office. Every single man walks through the revolving door wearing a dress coat, a top hat, and carrying a brief case. Corporate America. In the elevator the viewer is introduced to four characters who will eventually prove to be leading characters of the series. As they enter the office one of them says, about women and in defense of gawking at one in the elevator, that “you gotta let them know what kind of guy you are, then they’ll know what kind of girl to be” (Weiner). Degradation of women. They chuckle and walk into the office of their coworker Pete Campbell, who is about to get married. As he speaks with his future wife on the telephone he says, “of course I love you, I’m giving up my life to be with you,” a simple statement that epitomizes an entire theme of the series, which is the American dream. Within the first ten minutes of the very first episode, Matthew Weiner, the writer of Mad Men, brilliantly touches upon virtually every theme of the show. The viewer immediately knows what to expect, and one cannot help but be intrigued. That’s just what Mad Men does. It shines a light on the imperfections of human nature in a blatantly evident manner.
-fresh garlic
Until the late 18th century, the term referred to learned people of both sexes. However it subsequently became applied primarily to intellectual women. In time the name Bluestocking was applied solely to women of pedantic literary tastes. For a period, Bluestocking was a denigratory term, an insult, so much so, that it helped create a climate for generations of women who lived in fear of being labelled a 'bluestocking.' In the 19th century, the Brontë sisters and Mary Ann Evans (George Eliot) felt it necessary to hide their genius under male pseudonyms; in the 20th century the word conjured up images of desiccated female dons. The original 'blues' were much more various than this stereotype suggests, but their dilemmas about intellect, fashion and femininity are still with us today.
I also found the above baking cup helped in building these owls. It's Wilton's ruffled baking cup. I made two batches of cupcakes, chocolate and vanilla. One batch I backed in regular, decorative cups, and the other in the ruffled. Because of the little edge all around, it held the eyes and ears up a little better. I really wished I'd used this type of baking cup for all of them.
We were surrounded by lanky teenage boys in black blazers with wilting red poppies stuck in crumpled lapels. They slicked up their hair, scoffed crisps, chewed gum and slugged drinks....they giggled and burped and cracked jokes in croaky half broken voices...... and sometimes they threw the odd Malteser at the odd passing nose-in-the-air mini-skirted hair-swirling girl...
The journey continues
“Robyn! No!” I pulled my hand out of her grip at last. “What about what mum said? What about noon?”
I wanted to put the finishing touches on my studio today so I can finish a few projects and get into creating some art once again, but it will wait, I still very much enjoy my space for what it is, it's my haven...things can easily just melt away here, whether I'm reading an art book, writing, surfing the net or just sitting quietly...
What is not wanted are people who really are engineers, or farmers or cooks. The assembly line has no room for thinking outside the proscribed process.
2. have not eaten enough of your kids' Halloween candy
I started getting up very early,
Get Rihanna to beat Chris Brown back or anyone on behalf of Rihanna then. Chris did not hold placards and try to destroy Rihanna’s career at the concert, also the beating was in private and we do know that in private people can be very different, so to be fair and equitable, the beat-back could be done in private as well. This public attack via placard is unprincipled and has nothing to do with what happened. Attention whoring on the back of Rihanna and Chris Brown’s spat perhaps?
Coco's delicious, all right. She's also still refusing to talk. Or, more accurately, she thinks she's talking, but we can only stare at her with our heads cocked to the side, like, "What the.....is that German?"
Allies of the Right
And those who fear are lost I know that the spades
A woman is like a tea bag. You never know how strong it is until it’s in hot water. - Eleanor Roosevelt
At the age of 18, I wanted to find my birth family. Not because I wanted my birth mother to be a mother to me or to replace my adoptive parents, but because I wanted, NEEDED answers. I involved my Mum and Dad from the start. Dad did not want much involvement as he was afraid I would get hurt, maybe from rejection again. Even before I saw an adoption counsellor I had gone through every possible scenario in my head. Some of the scenarios I thought of were:
- HOUSING: making 83 families homeless, and refusing them to offer them alternative sites.
a subpoena for the improperly turned-over keycard record, he admitted that he blind-cc’d Duke PD director Dean, which he didn’t regularly do—suggesting that the DukePD leadership was involved in the after-the-fact scheme to concoct a legal rationale to turn over the keycard information. (He said he didn’t
How does a $10 gift certificate on your next Waltzingmouse Stamps order sound? Pretty good, huh? Each week, a $10 credit is given to a lucky winner (we call them our BIG CHEESE) and all they had to do to earn this credit was to upload their Waltzingmouse Stamps projects into the WMS Gallery. Are you a BIG CHEESE? We have dedicated a special thread in the Waltzingmouse Forum (under ‘The Gallery’ topic) where you can let us know when you have uploaded a project to the WMS Gallery. One lucky BIG CHEESE selected from those gallery uploads will receive a promotional code giving them $10 off their next purchase from Waltzingmouse Stamps. In addition they will have their BIG CHEESE project posted in a special BIG CHEESE album in the WMS gallery for all to see and adore. Since you are creating wonderful WMS projects anyway, why not increase your chance of winning an extra special treat.
TENERAL MAYFLY (above left)
PreS-Gr 3--When Cora's Filipino family cooks together, she's always stuck doing the "kid jobs." Then one day when her older siblings are out and about, Cora gets her chance to bond with Mama in the kitchen. She even gets to choose her favorite dish, so the two of them make a large bowl of noodles, chicken, and vegetables called pancit. Clear expository prose explains how to perform kitchen tasks. For example, Mama tells Cora, "Open the package of rice noodles and put them in this bowl of water." Then she engages her daughter by asking her, "Do you know why we soak them?" These scenes effectively model how adults can introduce children to cooking. The simple, direct style also makes the book equally well suited as a read-aloud and for newly independent readers. The artwork nicely complements the text, as Valiant's warm hues of gold, red, and orange highlight the family's loving relationship. They also capture Cora's feelings through facial expressions. Wide eyes and smiles show the child's joy at cooking with her mother, while a downcast mouth and arched eyebrows illustrate her anxiety that her family won't like her pancit. Although this dish is unique to Cora's culture, children of all backgrounds will share her feelings at being allowed to help cook a meal for the first time. A solid choice for schools and public libraries, especially where family-based programming is popular.--Mary Landrum, Lexington Public Library, KY
Was it sheer “luck” that you got to that place or were your eyes wide open and were you merely paying attention to your life? Don’t forget, you have to be looking for a four-leaf clover to find one!
The room is vibrating. It’s not the waves. It’s not the beer either before you ask. The engines shake the whole ship with a kind of 6/8 beat, with occasional bars of 2/4 thrown in for good measure. Free form engine jazz. It does not encourage sleep. The top bunks offer little headroom, but at least the kids are asleep and we are moving. Tasmania comes closer with every passing minute. Devonport arrives in the wee hours of the morning. The dock is lined with the markers of seaside arrival; car parks, old sheds, rusting machines of unknown purpose. We hurry to the car deck and then wait. And wait. We wait again as we pass through security again - we are checked for pets, fruit, damp fishing tackle and gas canisters - again, and strangely we still don’t have any.
And even then, I stood with you. I said, “Well, maybe this arc will somehow tie into the old one” and “Someday this will make sense! I’m sure of it!”
their pathetic glass-walled dream.
As the bedclothes flipped and flapped in the bright early breeze all her thoughts were headed towards bedtime and the heaven scent gift of a fresh, clean bed :))
Although these citizens often are long-time voters, good citizen parents who have raised outstanding children and performed their civic duties thr0ughout their lives, they often lack the technically picky identity documents to get a voter identification card. Their stories are not unique, but surprisingly common, shared by millions of Americans:
We arrived just in time for the program. With a smile on their faces, members of the hotel security greeted us, “Good evening sir. Good evening ma’am.” Wow, nag-English si manong. Learned.
So until next year - and there may a little wait until there are new posts (but there are many awesome posts in the past) - take care of yourselves and each other. I miss you rather too much but I will be back soon with many words and hope.
Melt the crayons in shaped cookie pans.
Rinse brussel sprouts. Cut off the base of each sprout and remove any old or discolored leaves. Slice each brussel in half. Pour oil in pan. Add halved sprouts. Season to taste. Gently turn with a spatula while sauteeing 10-15 minutes, until lightyl browned and the center is slightly softened. They should still have that fresh vegetable crunch, but soft enough to chew comfortably.
I used the gorgeous Nitwits collection called "GiddyUp", it was perfect for this. I cut the brown bordering paper in the center a little larger than normal and snipped all around so it looked more like fringe. The little rusty star is from the Christmas decorating section at Hobby Lobby.
Channon was kept alive longer than Christopher, being used as a sex slave for four days during which she was repeatedly beaten, sodomised and raped before being forced to drink bleach, after which she was murdered and her body dumped in the garbage.
It is set to be something of a landmark event in the beer calendar of what is arguably Australia’s good beer capital city but it didn’t just happen. Well, that’s not entirely accurate – it did kinda just happen at first but it has since grown legs of its own and is up and running like a fat man at a buffet. But with more class.
And then there are the projects that I’m putting off for the sake of my grades and my sanity. I need to rewrite Save and Quit and rework Blood Ties (having ideas for projects you haven’t looked at in a while is among the best feelings you can have, as a writer). Save and Quit, I’ve been planning on revising since… well, since I wrote it. My plan for it now is to outline what I’ve got, figure out where to put everything, and go from there.
Now, sitting across from him in Maui, talking about this and that, he suddenly said, quite out of the blue, “You should let something else, or someone else, write through you, instead of just writing from your ego.” I felt a bit defensive, because I had not posted any blogs in months for that very reason; as an ego, I knew I simply had nothing much to say or offer, and yet nothing else seemed to be wanting to come through me either. In response to Ram Dass’s suggestion, I said, “Well, I’m usually pretty dense when it comes to subtle energies or other dimensions.” He replied, “Well, your ego is dense through and through, but your soul isn’t.”
Heat a pan and pour the ghee and the oil.
were having a hard time getting together.
The sensible thing to do, is to leave, and them come back when everybody has left. Peace and quiet. And darkness. That soft, peaceful darkness. And life is perfectly good again.
In "Bonding With Morry," what I mean by "this"is fiction based on thoughtful, intelligent analysis of technology that doesn't yet exist but probably will soon. In this case, robots, used (among other purposes) as devices to enable aging and increasingly feeble people to maintain an independent existence on their own.
"Walking Boss" - The Damnations. Hell yeah.
Elvis Costello: Pump It Up
Hebrews 10:24 and let us consider how to stimulate one another to love and good deeds ,
In Los Angeles, California, protesters marched through LAX airport, encouraging employees to join the movement rather than go to work.
It feels more like a small bar with the option of eats in this narrow terrace. Seating is on stools around modest tables, with the menu chalked onto the blackboard on the wall. A wall of wine bottles is grouped by region labelled with Scrabble tiles. There's a little more seating in a small room upstairs.
The mere fact that my counter gets a bigger number each time only means that someone's taking time to visit my blog either by chance or by searching for something via Google, it doesn't matter really. I'm happy to know that someone spends time looking at my cards or projects and find inspiration from them. Thanks very much!
We love seeing their faces when we tell them are actually reusable!
I suppose this is nothing new, however, the Catholic Church persecuted Galileo for daring to suggest the Earth orbited the Sun after all. No, but what did sicken me, was the vitriolic tone of his article. He used all the old smears that are perpetuated by the likes of Searchlight, an organization established for the sole purpose of attacking nationalist parties, and funded by the government. This is hardly befitting of a man of the cloth!
Kallie proceeded to email me the application along with lots of other information. And I immediately made my little Covenant Kids binder with sheet protectors and labels! I like to nerd things up whenever possible.
* “This Love” – Video
So this was an enjoyable bank holiday weekend trip out, and it didn't rain (just looking at a showery scene outside my window now...) and despite predictions wasn't especially cold either. We also got to try some good pubs and some excellent local ales on the way round. Time and money well spent
How do you leave a legacy? Like everything worth achieving in life, you’ve got to focus and work hard for it. I know people sometimes try to tell you there are shortcuts. They are not being completely honest with you. Believe in people, have faith, and make everyone around you better for having met you. And did I mention, work hard?
The authors “express these freedoms in a way that subsequent users can use and rely upon without the need to hire a lawyer,” (Lessig, 2004, p. 283) in the case of copyright infringement. There are people who want to publish their works in an open manner, in a public domain, in which other people can freely use the author’s work (while giving credit) to create something new. “It does this by making it easy for people to build upon other people’s work, by making it simple for creators to express the freedom for others to take and build upon their work,” (Lessig, 2004, p. 282). If an author allows the freedom for others to use his or her video or music to create something new, then it is not illegal for the user to do so and post it online—as long as proper credit is given to the original author. If the credit is not given, then the user is violating the Creative Commons license as well as copyright law.
Publishers must collect the full value of the premium plus an additional penny to qualify the subscription or single copy as paid circulation.
Don't you wish you knew all the ins and outs about such things you've never seen before? For one thing, we both had to ask about the holes in the first place. Supposedly they are escape hatches for the bats! Are you kidding me! There are that many bats living inside the walls of these apartments???
Can you say holy guacamole?
The contemporary re-birth of the assault pack in the enduring fight with the Caliphate is due, almost totally a result of the vehicle-based operations, even for "light" infantry (as I've mentioned repeatedly, calling a fighting force that travels to within two kilometers of the objective in motorized vehicles and then walks the last little bit "light infantry" is ridiculous). When you expect to perform a mission after a one-mile jaunt, then return just as quickly to the trucks, only to be returned to the FOB in time for a meal and bedtime, there's little reason to carry more than a simple day-pack. When a guerrilla fighter has to literally live out of his ruck, with his entire sustenance and shelter only what he can carry for the duration of an operation, an assault pack will only suffice if your missions will be raids on the next door neighbors.
Oh. So. Two perfectly nice ordinary groups of Americans, mostly friendly and pleasant enough, are named as Enemies of Civilisation. The Enemy Within. We don’t have the Commie threat any more (many of those damn commies were homosexuals) so Newt has to make do with homosexuals and pagans. Oops, don’t forget Muslims:
About this time we were ready to eat!
Now I wish I could take credit for this recipe but sadly I can't. The 120 cookie recipe has been doing the rounds and there are a few variations. I found this recipe here and of course being a lover of my Thermomix had to convert it. This recipe really goes a long way. I had to make it in 2 batches because I didn't have the 500g of butter (yes that is no misprint) required!
In the meantime, one of my customers recommended another computer man. I gave him a call the next day and he sent his helper out. The helper had his young 4-5 year-old son with him. The son was into all of our knick-knacks and he made both Richard and me nervous wrecks. We thought that if he played with our dog, Swiffer, out in the backyard, perhaps he would use up some of his energy and be out of our hair for a while. That didn’t work. Swiffer barked at him so he came back in the house. He asked his dad several times when they would get to go fishing. The answer was, “As soon as I finish this job.”
1/10=Crap!!
I started to make this card, yesterday, but got interrupted.........you'd think somebody would have invented a switch that could be flicked to clean the house, do the ironing, go to the shops.........it's the 21st century, after all.......and I remember, as a child in the 60's, being told that all this would be possible in the 21st century, and we'd also be holidaying on other planets!
A few nights before that we heard coyotes from somewhere nearby; the neighborhood dogs were going crazy, and Buster got very excited. I was already hoping that I could teach him to howl; I had found a record in our 1974 World Book Encyclopedia Science Annual called “The Music of the Canids” and had been playing the wolf chorus over and over for Buster.
But first, bio time!
Sometimes it's hard to remember that Boston Beer Company/Samuel Adams is still a craft beer company because their reach in the market is so widespread. But at 2.4 million barrels in 2011, they are certainly well under the 6 million barrel production limit that defines a craft brewery. Much like New Belgium and Sierra Nevada, it's great to see Samuel Adams, a well-established craft beer brewer, still trying new things. With their new bomber series, BBC is experimenting with new styles like barleywine, rauchbier and chili bock. And while they might not be for everyone, we should appreciate the fact they are staying progressive in a time when consumers are craving variety and innovation in craft beer styles.
Also I started off with a joke because this at that time did not seem like a serious discussion to me. I myself am not religous nor am I an atheist but if I took the arguments from this “discussion” I would be more inclined to religion.
In one particularly memorable paragraph, the paper describes one couple – 70-year-old man, 21-year-old woman – gazing lovingly at each other at the National Registration Dept. He strokes her hair; she strokes his urine bag. Once they leave the building, he gets paid and it’s Bye Bye Suzie.
The young are more likely to be fooled again.
Sacrificial Lam
To reciprocate in kind I picked 5 of my favorite Web Peeps:
No Labor Minister or leader ever has an easy job. The urgency that rests behind the Labor movement, pushing it on to do things, to create new conditions, to reorganise the economy of the country, always means that the people who work within the Labor movement, people who lead, can never have an easy job. The job of the evangelist is never easy.
STEVE EDWARDS is the author of the memoir Breaking Into the Back Country, the story of his seven months in solitude as the caretaker of a remote mountain homestead along the Rogue River in Oregon. His fiction has most recently appeared in AGNI Online, The Silk Road Review, and Bellingham Review. He is working on a new nonfiction book about his grandfather’s appearance on the cover of LIFE magazine in 1942.
Island Creek Oysters (Cranberry Verjus, Osetra Caviar, Lily White)
Yes or live without life
I’m glad I read the book, but I do not think it is Deborah Moggach’s best novel and it might disappoint her admirers.
Marketers know that success comes from a complex formula, and Jeff’s strategy includes many moving parts. Harvard Book Store pays fanatical attention to customer service with an unrivaled staff of passionate and educated booksellers. They have spent years building a local brand. They bring people together with over 300 public events a year. They’re exceptional retailers with a frequent buyer program. They understand technology, and you can expect them to continually adapt.
Answer: Keep it simple, don’t live outside your means, and be true to yourself no matter what.
Our government can’t afford this interventionist policy. Think of the toll this is having on our troops! It’s easy to support something in idea but when it comes to reality, it’s the cost that makes it impractical and unachievable.
decibels joining with silence and praise
Just so you know, it is my religious belief that sex is to be within the bounds of marriage. And even if I do come to the conclusion that it would be o.k. before God to divorce him, or even if I divorce him anyway and settle my conscience later, I’m still looking at a long, long time before there is even a chance of having sex again. In the state where I live, it is a year from the time the divorce papers are signed until it the divorce is formal. So, let’s say I signed papers today (which I am not ready to do, but let’s just say), it is one year until I am free. And then is there any one else, even if I am free to remarry before God, or, again, if I do it any way and settle my conscience later? And if there is someone else, how long would that be?
Waist : 12"
Jon Lee : Jon was the youngest member of the group. He was only 16 when they formed. After leaving the group he went on to pursue a career in the West End and played the role of Marius in Les Miserables between 2003-2004. In 2006 he starred in the short TV series “The Sound of Musicals” alongside some famous stars such as Carrie & David Grant and John Barrowman. His latest role was the lead of “Frankie Valli” in Jersey boys from 2011 + . I have to say after seeing him live in Les Mis back in 2004 he doesn’t have the strongest of voices and is one of the weaker Marius’s. He’s also had small acting roles on soaps such as Casualty.
Our little Charlie has gone from a precious 11 pound puppy, to a feisty 30 pound dog! He has been quite the handful, but we love him anyway! He has been going through a chewing stage the past couple of weeks (which is odd because he never did this while he was teething.) Yesterday, he chewed up his brand new, expensive harness after wearing it only once, and chewed up my beloved Ray Ban sunglasses...I may or may not have lost my mind and sat in the floor and cried. He is currently (willingly) taking a nap in his crate with the door open, so I can finally get some stuff done! Hoping things start to get better with this silly boy! Isn't he so darn cute?!?
‘tie a belt around it and wear it with my tapered chinos’ – girl aged approximately 25 years old
Ummm, not exactly.
We are gonna start a little something new here at MS. We wanna have a contest for a Guest DT spot and anyone is welcome to give it a shot! We have a challenge for you to complete and we the DT will take a vote for the winner. What will you do with that? Well you will receive a DT kit for which you will need to complete at least 3 layouts and a card or altered item for your debut. You will be highlighted for a weekend in your honor of winning the contest and it will be your turn to issue one of our monthly challenges. You will need to join our forum if you arent already a member, join our discussions and take part in the challenges for the month and most important we like to share the love in our glorious gallery.
Jorrie wanted a way to take down the Migs that were giving us so much grief, but he wanted to do it in a way that would make it look like pilot error and keep the Russians and Cubans guessing. The best technological ‘fit’ I could work out at the time was an accelerated laser weapon with a nuclear source. We could constrain a highly energized particle stream inside a “tube” or “ring” laser, bring its energy level up to a few trillion volts and send it into a Mig. It would be like a focused EMP Cannon with a 1/4 wave frequency anywhere from hundreds of yards to thousands of miles in length. The result of a hit on a plane (and the pilot it contained), would be catastrophic, but almost undetectable unless one found the energy transfer point.
So not books or stationary will be available before school goes back. In fact they don't actually know when they will get the stock back in as there are many many schools that are affected by this. My labeling and covering of the books has now ground to a halt whilst we wait for the books to arrive sometime after school goes back next week.
Hospital visiting access for midwives:
I’m hoping to attend a conference in Pietermaritzburg in July on the topic of Migration, mission and theological education.
We were saved, by someone else who gave up His own life.
To illustrate how well the horses are trained, just as our guide was explaining that the stalls in the large stable were previously reserved for officers' horses but are now used for sick horses or those who are a bit naughty, I caught sight of this horse giving us a lively demonstration. I love his expression - he seems to be saying, "No, I don't know how this tail got in my mouth...but I'm certainly not the naughty horse to whom he is referring!".
Currently 14,400 AMISOM troops are deployed in Somalia with the recent arrival of an advance party of 100 troops in Baidoa to be soon joined by a further 2,400. Al-Shabaab is becoming marginalized in Southern Somalia as they have lost ground and the support of the Somali population.
It's no secret that I love Anthropologie. Just walking through one of their stores can put me in a good mood. I love all of their home decor stuff but I'm also a big fan of their clothing. I always find such great, unique pieces there.
Thus we know beyond any reasonable doubt that the astrology of ancient India was extremely different than the astrology of modern India. The astrology currently practiced in India involving planets, signs and houses is not the “Vedic” astrology of ancient India. It is not the science developed by the ancient sages. Rather it is a mixture of that ancient science with similar sciences imported into India during classical times from yavanas (Greeks) and tajjikas (persians).
Flowers: Recollections
Eeeeeeeeeeek I'm going to burst if I don't spill the exciting news!!!!
If you're the same Brigitte Weeks who used to write for Book World, and Guideposts, what the HELL are you doing here??
Well, I’m up to 26 followers at the time of this post’s release so I figured it was time for another one of those ‘get to know ya’ thingamajigs. I think I owe the inspiration for this post to carlarenee45 and certainly the improvement in my mood overall has been at least partly due to everyone here and this whole WP blog adventure. See, even a curmudgeon like me likes to get to know human type beings! It’s fun and positive and no animals have to suffer in labs for it! So, without further ado, let’s jump in to this thing.
Clinton, and a part of the Jesuit-controlled Bilderberg Group (Joseph
There are lots of shops in Bowness selling everything from clothing, footwear, books, gifts, jewellery, artworks, etc. All these shops will also stay open over the May long weekend, and I have noticed that there are a number of some rather good discounts on offer. The main road, Crag Brow, is the best place to start one’s hunt for that special gift to take home.
I was really thrilled when I met her again during the retreat I organized during the weekend (which will be posted in another blog).
3. It picks up less ink to color evenly. See the example. Less ink means lighter colors, less ink also means your marker lasts longer without needing to be refilled.
Nomination 1: Hardknott
A note here. We only had the money to take one cat to the vet, so stupidly we took Sam instead of Samantha. We figured with him 'fixed' there would be no chance of kittens. Geez were we dumb back then.
all of your gorgeous creations and visiting your wonderful blogs
What is Screnzy? The NaNo equivalent for script writers. We have 30 days to write 100 pages of script. Screenplays, stage plays, TV scripts, and comic book scripts. Any script. It’s time to write visual media.
I know that i've posted what we want to do in our bedroom, but of course we've gone a completely different direction. Instead of the classic feminine look we were going for before, we took it a different direction and decided the more contemporary West Elm look is what was more us. I still am going to order this lumbar pillow cover for the lumbar on our sofa though, because i cannot get enough of this print and CWD textiles...
The auditor-general reported that the chief industrial technician at the Department of Water Affairs and Forestry approved payment of R171000 to a company owned by a spouse. Tax invoices from the company to the department were made out for the attention of “the chief industrial technician”.
Be sure that your school’s anti-bullying rules and policies address cyberbullying.
In college, I took a one-semester basic education course because I couldn’t think of any other elective to take. Seriously, it was an accident. But I managed to ace (A+) the course and my teacher then whispered to me that I was meant to be a great teacher. Again, I never made much of this prophecy. I wanted to join a non-governmental organization, for all that mattered.
I’ll see you in July.
It has 68 choromosones whereas the modern horse has only 66 chromosomes. It also has faint striping on its legs which is a sign that it is a more ancient species. Scientists believe that it and the modern horse diverged from each other some 160,000 years ago.
You are all heroes. I appreciate every single one of you. The men and women, US Soldiers and Coalition Forces alike, risk their lives around the world for our freedom and our safety. I am eternally grateful for your sacrifices. They will never go unappreciated or unnoticed. I have been blessed to have many military men and women in my life and I would like to take this time to thank them personally. To Luke, Ben, Deryck, Josh M, Taren, Brent, Robert, Carlos, Erica, James, Chad, Tim, Anthony, John, Nick, Dom, Josh D, Kirky… Oh boy I hope I named them all… (Please blame the concussion if not. I’d feel horrible.) To all of you, my friends, my family, you are my own personal heroes. I am blessed to have you all in my life in whatever way we are connected. I am so proud of each of you, and admire your strength, determination and passion for our country and the citizens you protect. Thank you so very much.
Apparently, they're partial to farts ... those musical toots.
So listen to them. I wish with all my heart that I had listened to Julie that day.
Evening everyone. What a day. First day back after being home for a week. Boy, am I exausted. But I'v managed to finish the card I started last night.
-they briefly fight to the outside.
"In fact, just three weeks into Jacob Zuma's presidency, there are disturbing signs that one of the most destructive trends of (former president) Thabo Mbeki's reign – towards the centralisation of power – is being revived and intensified," Zille said.
One of the best things that the government could do (perhaps APPG could help here?) would be to find some money to fund a campaign that informs doctors and medical schools about what ME really is and how severely it affects people. What is to be gained by the government's recognition of ME as a neurological condition, if the NHS, benefits agencies and medical insurance companies do not also accept this classification? We believe there are many reasons for this ignorance but if we could counter some of the misinformation, patients at least may receive a less hostile reception when they do seek help.
After paying the fee and filing the request, which was about “memoranda and reports regarding (1) Mohamad Harkat and (2) the ‘bin Laden network’ prepared in 2001 and 2002”, I first received a call and then an email asking for clarification on what was meant by the term ‘bin Laden network”. The funny part about this was that the term was one that was developed and taken straight from CSIS documents, and thus they most likely knew was meant by it. The letter also indicated that my request was in abeyance until I clarified and if I did not clarify by a certain date, my request would be abandoned. I sent out an email clarifying what was meant well before the specified date and have not heard back since. This leads me to speculate about the possible outcome of my request, and whether I will receive the information I requested or whether the information with be denied or withheld like many of my classmates have experienced.
The city of Norfolk, Va., is getting an early look at what sea-level rise means for a big coastal community. The city is experiencing sea-level rise earlier than most because not only are the seas around the city going up, but much of the land beneath Norfolk is going down. This one-two punch means the city is seeing today the kind of flooding that many cities could experience down the road if the scientific projections of sea-level rise play out.
Whether you are about to embark upon a trip to France or are just after an ‘armchair experience’ this book will be a welcome addition to your travel reading.
You might say so what, who cares?
It's been a long time coming home, but we finally made it! The journey was tough, but God is faithful and He has revealed himself to us in ways we never could have imagined. Can't wait to tell you more when I find the words, boy do I have some stories to tell!
Jaschok, Maria and Shui Jingjun. The History of Women’s Mosques in Chinese Islam: A Mosque of their Own. Routledge: London, 2000.
L7 Bugis Iluma
It has been quite a while since I bake any muffins using the creaming method. Most of the times, I opt for muffin recipes that are using the traditional muffin method, i.e. mixing the dry ingredients and wet ingredients together. The reason is simple: To save the trouble of taking out the electric mixer and less effort to wash up afterwards. Oops, did I just reveal my plain laziness? Haha... :P
A UN trooper, who declined to be named, struggled to hold back the jostling crowd with a hard plastic shield.
Add the remaining egg mixture in 3 additions, scraping down the bowl after each addition, and beating for 2 minutes afterwards.
Something along the lines of this happened to me when I was five years-old. After being suspended, for a day from kindergarten for trying to escape from my teacher’s brutal regime and flee to chinatown with my best friend, my mother talked to me about college.
Again this week, she was wanting to be nearer to me, so my friend suggested some Ergo time. It is amazing what that does for her! We went on a family walk yesterday and I wore her on my back and O-Bear on my front, and this is what it looked like:
Some sacrifices should never be made—even for love.
The beauty queen posed as a 14-year-old girl as part of an undercover operation to target sexual predators in the US.
Do please bear with me and hopefully things will return to normal in the not too distant future. I live in hope - you may as well join me!
I am wondering...nothing, really. I'm so stuffed up.
But with each goodbye there is a hello, I keep a little list of crafters that offer to join the DT
The response: “No cash will be paid.”
Five stars to Clarks.
KCK is still fighting an uphill battle. The tax base has continued to erode in two ways, as people continue to move away (albeit more slowly than before), and their property values took much more severe hit than most areas during this downturn.
Elizabeth II and I go back a very long way. When I was eight years old, George VI died and I can remember all the grown-ups around me being very upset. The photograph of the three queens in mourning made a strong impression on me.
Now for the 15 Bloggers to whom I pass the Award...this part was really hard as I love a lot of blogs! But since you know I'm smitten with all the blogs featured in my Best of the Best Series, I thought I'd show you some additional ones I adore just as much:
26 Do you pay any specific insurance premiums such as public liability insurance?
6 pairs of jeans (3 Gap, 2 Old Navy, 1 Levi)
white candle(s)
The sound of CW though, at this sort of speed, changes from dots & dashes to "in the ear and straight to the brain". Love it!
Constable Phil Cranmer investigated the collision that sent the 15-year-old Highland student to hospital.
PREHEAT oven to 450F
4. Add the lemon and lemon zest.
Bob Chapman: The Financial Powers That Be Are In A Trap of Their Own Making! Alex Jones: Government Claims Osama Wanted to Kill Obama! Syria Regime Marked for Death as US, UK Move Swiftly To Split Libya! John Embry & James Turk: Gold And Silver Going Alot Higher! Tears Of Gaza! Genocide And Ethnic Cleansing of Palestinians by Zionist ’666′ Israel ! Gaza: The Killing Zone! Mass Murder by Zionist ’666′ Israel ! ’666′ Star of David, Satanic Curse / Hex(agram) On Humanity! Occult Symbol.
Also, if the author of 2 Peter wasn’t Peter, he definitely goes out of his way to make it sound like it. The author claims that Christ has told him about his coming death (1:14). The author claims to have personally seen the transfiguration (1:16-18). The author claims to have written 1 Peter (3:1), and the author claims Paul is a beloved brother (3:15-16). It strikes this author as very bizarre that a pseudopigrapher would utilize empirically falsifiable claims like that, which would easily be falsifiable even a whole generation after the death of Peter while the immediate disciples of the apostles (like Clement) were still around.
I visited the post office about a week ago to weigh my invitation to see how much postage would be. The kind gentleman responded "Oh! You're getting married...Why?" I smiled and was unsure if that was rhetorical or if that was standard response in DC. He said "Well, good luck with that. It will be $0.98." I smiled and explained that I was hoping they would come in under a dollar. I purchased my $1 stamps and left, prepared to put the finishing touches on my invites. After a week of wrapping and unwrapping invitations (silly mistakes - that's another story), I eventually finished a set of 37, complete with the ever so unattractive 'Rockefeller' $1 stamp. I smiled at the progress I made and looked forward to taking them to the post office first thing Wednesday morning.
A collaborative resource planning program can surely improve manager efficiency. When the scheduling manager for a business spends less time producing a schedule, because the computer program automatically fills in shifts, then the manager will devote more time to revenue-generating activity. A manager may provide coaching to employees, serve customers, or complete an outstanding project, instead of endlessly poring over schedule spread sheets.
Prior Lake, MN – The Shakopee Mdewakanton Sioux Community was honored with a Jefferson Award for philanthropy at the Celebrate Twin Cities awards reception on December 1, 2010, at the St. Paul Hotel. SMSC Vice-Chairman Glynn A. Crooks accepted the award on behalf of the Community. From the 12 regional winners selected over the past year, the SMSC was chosen as the overall national winner for 2010 from this region.
I think multiculturalism and immigration is the real reason why people no longer recognise their Country and they blame the politicians for it but there is no political alternative because the ruling political class are perceived as one and the same.
I have been so busy that I am not sure if I have even posted in the new year...wow! Hope y'all had a great Christmas and an equally happy new year! Hope all your resolutions are still being followed.
- From True Prayer by Kenneth Leech
Quote - "So long as the people do not care to exercise their freedom, those who wish you tyrannize will do so; for tyrants are active and ardent, and will devote themselves in the name of any number of gods, religious and otherwise, to put shackles on sleeping men." Voltarine de Cleyre
Mrs. Meyers! If you're not a fan of cleaning these products will surely make it a less tedious task if not change your mind entirely! Her scents are amazing and you'll feel good about using the all natural ingredients to get your home sparkly clean! I've used almost all of these and love them all.
All of these dishes were vegetarian, and tasted delicious. I quickly found out that vegetarian food was not as horrible as I planned it would be. This made me quickly feel jubilant in my choice of sustainability promise. I have already decided to continue being a flexitarian once this class is over. Yes, some other PSP (not flushing to toilet after I pee or hang drying my clothes) would have been easier to do, but I feel like being a flexitarian will definitely help me live a better and healthier lifestyle into my future. Being flexitarian will allow me to buy less meat, which will help do my part is helping reduce the abusive food industry. And when I do eat meat, I will make sure that I buy from local farms, because the images from Food Inc. are still seared in my mind. The cow feeds that are currently being used by the industry are vast farms that are stuff packed with cattle. They are fed corn, which is not in their natural eating habits, and they are so tightly packed that it is almost impossible to move. The non-stop eating and lack of movement makes the cattle abnormally fat and immobile. They end up covered in their own manure and then are slaughtered. This is just not the way that our meat should be given to us. Instead, the cattle should be on open farms grazing on grass. Here are some pictures to help show what I just talked about:
Beth Gibbons from Portishead and Kate Bush are some female singers who have interesting voices. For me, many interesting voices have a colour. Today a rellie and I were having an argument at a supermarket about the colour of the music that we were listening to, as Wuthering Heights by Kate Bush, one of the strangest bits of music to ever hit the top of the charts, was playing on the PA system among the aisles of groceries. Don’t worry about us. We are just a little bit different.
3. We learn exactly why bow-ties are cool.
NEW YORK — Meryl Streep is fresh off her Oscar win for playing Margaret Thatcher. But she had an entire theater at Lincoln Center wondering if an even better role for her would be a political icon closer to home: Hillary Rodham Clinton.
I thought the paper would be a good choice because it already has glittery bling on it! Love me some sparkly, lol...I don't have to add a lot of extra embellishment! But here is what I used to color the image:
brown wool jersey
Walk this Way
To receive the transcendental knowledge we must completely surrender ourselves to the real ācārya in a spirit of ardent inquiry and service. Actual performance of service to the Absolute under the guidance of the ācārya is the only vehicle by which we can assimilate the transcendental knowledge. Today’s meeting for offering our humble services and homage to the feet of the Ācāryadeva will enable us to be favored with the capacity for assimilating the transcendental knowledge so kindly transmitted by him to all persons, without distinction.
In any event, it's a very simple recipe and I was kinda excited to be able to say, "I made my own homemade cheese". So how did I do? Well, for such an easy recipe, I managed to mess it up. A couple of suggestions, so you can learn from my mistakes:
It is very rough and ready and may be seen to be supporting fads rather than sound consequences.
The plank was haaaard. I had to modify it and do it on my knees. But I figure I will do this two months in a row. This month I’ll do it modified. Next month I’ll do it like it should be!
Just like the grains of sand.
And this true worship creates in us a hunger to be satisfied in God alone, so that the fleeting pleasures of false worship become less and less desirable.
Why I liked it: Based on a true story, this is far different from all the middle grade novels I've read recently. The prose is deceptively spare and simple, told from Ivan's point of view. Yet it reverberates with deeper meaning, with wisdom and humor and heartache. If caged animals could talk, imagine what they would tell us. Katherine Applegate has imagined that, and done it beautifully. This is one of those books that kids will latch onto and want to read again and again.
‘Sadly, no!’ I replied. ‘What with all my novels and gossip and crochet, there’s no time left over for ferns.’
What I paid: +€200 (two persons, lunch; see details below)
Accessories: Big Shot, Bigz L Fun Flowers Die, Pin, Very Worn Blue Jeans
In the words of Paul, “For Christ sent me to preach the gospel — not with human wisdom, lest the cross of Christ be emptied of its power.” – 1 Corinthians 1:17
Here is the story of how Joe and I became business owners:
Identification Stocky and short tailed, often seen prancing about grass and vehicle lots. Trip account distinctive: buzzy in continual flight, wings look pie in more relaxing flight. Flying, wings appear clear. Adult: one molt per year, but fresh slip people look very different from summer wildlife. On fresh molted wildlife, dark-colored plumage has white areas all over; by winter weather, areas start to disappear; and by may, the wildlife are shiny dark-colored all over, with strong suffusions of iridescent lilac, vegetables, and ambers. Expenses usually grey in slip and yellow-colored by winter weather, but this personality deviates with diet. Male: with excellent look, please take be aware blue-based bill. Female: with excellent look, please take be aware pink-based bill, paler face. Juvenile: distinctive; black gray-brown feathering all over. Birds begin a complete molt into adultlike plumage soon after fledging, and temporarily display a stunning variety of juvenal and mature down.
Goldenhawk fabric top I mentioned I was starting back in this post. This top was meant to be a shortened version of view B since I thought that it was far far too long for me.
Bug is overwhelmed with his homework and wants all of us to know all about it. He goes from maniacally throwing papers to the ground in an angry rage, to crying, to just plain ignoring the fact that he even has homework. If one of his siblings gets near him while he's attempting to do it, he threatens their life. I don't really know how to help him and I wonder if it's time to take him to a doctor to prescribe him something. We've cut out almost all preservatives and artificial colors, aside from what he gets at school, but it doesn't seem to have been helping him with his anger issues. The homework will always be hard, but his inability to deal with it in any sort of normal manner is the real problem.
So anyway, my point is Rev is utter joy and Christmas Rev was everything I wanted it to be. Hooray. Happy Advent (and then Christmas) to everyone- must try not to use midnight mass as the religious equivalent of a kebab (I don't even like kebabs and I love carols).
But life is playing cruel games on me
So, Blake and Christina have just 2 people ‘representing’ them in the semi’s.
I recently read Peter Bregman’s book ‘18 minutes: Find Your Focus, Master Distraction, and Get the Right Things Done’, and I must say this was one of the better time management books I have read. I really enjoyed Peter’s analogy of likening our time management challenge to a buffet. I have trouble with buffets. I have a tendency to want to try everything and even if I only take a little of everything that is often still way too much. Peter suggests we often manage our time like that – because there is so much to do, so many interesting people, enjoyable activities, worthwhile causes and compelling opportunities, it’s hard to choose. So we don’t. We try to do it all. Peter offers some really good solutions, ones that are do-able, all in 18 minutes a day.
IRL, I place my trust in God and try to find peace knowing He won't let us starve (He hasn't). But, I am still angry. And there is no where for that anger to go, least of all where it is directed (at the money-grubbing whore).
The human beings who are more similar, more ordinary, have had, and always have, an advantage; those more select, subtle, strange, and difficult to understand, easily remain alone, succumb, to accidents, being isolated, and rarely propagate.[3]
Place a baking sheet in the oven and preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Once preheated, toss the Brussels sprouts with salt and pepper then place the open halves directly on the hot pan. Remove a few of the outer leaves and scatter across the pan. Roast for approximately 15 minutes, peeking in every few minutes to remove any leaves that are crisping up.
Speaking of their premium account, you might want to check out all the features they have to offer. Teachers can set up passwords so that students log in under their own names and the system tracks their data for you to access later. You can see who is practicing at home and how they are scoring on tests. Spelling City has graciously allowed me to give away one of their premium memberships here on Corkboard Connections, and the directions for entering are below.
Once upon a time there was a girl whose father and mother died when she was still a little child. Her godmother lived all alone at the end of the village in a little house, and earned her living with spinning, weaving, and sewing. The old woman took the orphaned child into service and gave her a pious upbringing.
The monument to the State of Mississippi at Gettysburg is southwest of town on West Confederate Avenue.
I starve hungry by absence
And He (Allah swt) encouraged the Mujahidin in His Cause to take a firm stand without any(kind)of fear and to display true bravery (against the enemy) from the start of the battle to the end- as He said:
We drive along the sand track which in places marks the end of the fire. Black as pitch the soot covers the charred view. Elephants have left big round impressions of footprints, where they have crossed out of the fire zone and into the bright blonde grasses again. Here and there a fallen tree continues to burn. At night the coals still glow red but during the day they hide in snow white ash. Trees that burnt where they fell, have left a ghostly impression in ash on the ground. We are driving past funeral pyres for trees - there is an armageddon feel as if we have stumbled onto the battlefield after a ghastly war. The stump of an ancient leadwood tree shines dazzling white against the black. Cascading pure white ash it is a tower of smouldering coals around the baked ceramic core of the termitaria which once shared its niche. Soon all trace of its existence will be blown away in the wind.
just as quickly as they fly into my brain.
Sabrina Ratté is a Montreal-based video artist. Her work is formed of 2D images and found video footage that is treated with feedback, 3D animation and colour overlays to render a retro-futuristic non-space where only fragments of reality exist in a virtual world of forgotten dreams and consumer-grade nostalgia. We have featured her work before and I can safely say we will feature it again. Because she is one of the best things there is.
to update any other references such as backup scripts, databases,
Our system is flawed, like all systems and people. That doesn’t mean it’s the wrong system nor that the world is coming to an end. However, blind following of ideologies is cute but childish. No ideology covers every contingency, and sometimes you have to take drastic measures to re-right the train. We all agree that murder is wrong, but we can all come up with a scenario that justifies killing someone. So why can’t we do the same with our governmental system? Why can neither side see that there really are evil people in the world across the spectrum? To the left I say: that person might not be a misunderstood pauper, they might just be a terrorist. To the right I say: that investment banker was actually exploiting and circumventing the system with no regard for anyone else and that makes him a criminal. It’s all the same in that they’re still evil. Neither Ayn Rand nor Ghandi have THE answer. Nor does anyone else. Ideology as a guide with a strong dose of pragmatism as a rudder is a much more effective way to enter into any situation.
Be seeing you.
What if we had been there and been like a coach and suggested they not buy high and take such risk? Had they followed our advice, grudgingly I admit, our clients would have been better off.
like angel hair.
A Gristedes grocery store that has been on the island for more than 20 years is also being remodeled. The grocery will be the guinea pig for a new concept for Gristedes, in which the store will also include boutiques, such as an organic market and a sugar-free market.
Disc: 2
David was so focused on the problem—getting the horse to stand still—that he couldn’t see that the solution was literally right in front of him. In fact, he even thought of his solution as an obstacle! How often does this happen in your office? In your life?
Now I'll I have to do is sell a copy.
The United States turned over authority for those raids to Afghan forces last month, opening the door to the broader agreement. The pact signed early Wednesday, negotiated by the American ambassador to Afghanistan, Ryan C. Crocker, and Afghanistan’s national security adviser, Rangin Dadfar Spanta, addresses a broad range of issues, from security to social and economic development.
Water: 3.5 cup
Seriously, can you imagine coloring every one of these?
Grab some popcorn and get ready. It is going to be quite a show.
4 limbs
Little Feat’s debut album was released in 1971. The excellent Sailin’ Shoes and Dixie Chicken shortly followed. Critics loved the group, but their record sales never did match their acclaim. Estrada left early on, while the band continued to gain a reputation as top players who could handle anything Lowell threw at them, from rock and blues to country and New Orleans-style fatback funk.
Bikini: Over the Rainbow Bikini – Orsini Kawaii Fair Free Gift
another P.S.
"The Legislature created the Forensic Science Commission to ensure we have forensic evidence we can trust in our courtrooms --in order to increase public safety and the public faith in justice system," said Senator Ellis. "Unfortunately, since Mr. Bradley has taken the reins, rather than move the commission forward to look into allegations, find the truth, and repair problems in our broken justice system; the Commission has invested most of its time and energy finding ways to avoid looking into problems and looking for loopholes to block the commission from doing what it was created to do."
Direction in this regard is solid and scenes are well-staged: when Arisu is disoriented we get POV shots that whirl around. When his trysts with Kayako are shown it is from a voyeuristic view. Although I complained about the film being derivative I bought the differences between the sequences taking place in Darkland and the bland reality Arisu holds onto.
In addition, globalist Ted Turner is listed as a major contributor. See the rest of the names of those who give money to the IoM at the end of this article — it’s a who’s who of globalists, financial elitists, pharma executives and vaccine pushers, including people with links to the Federal Reserve, JP Morgan, Goldman Sachs, the Rockefellers and more.
All the kids found a friend to hang with, to finish off break.
You have to picture it under a coffee table and in front of my couch and chair haha My color scheme scares most people, but when all is said and done I think you guys will love it!!! lol I love it already!!!
As local election campaigns were beginning to take off in Kirklees I noticed the Labour Candidate for Newsome had set up a Twitter account. I was naturally going to follow her. She had a few initial followers already including prominent Labour Cllrs. Very soon I discovered I’d been blocked as a follower and after a few initial tweets from her all went very quiet. Twitter is a good way of letting everybody know what you are doing and thinking and during an election campaign. If you are targeting a seat you don’t particularly want your opponent to know what you’re up to and what streets you’ve been on . Fortunately for me the oldest form of social media ‘the community jungle drums' pretty much kept me abreast of what’s was going on, who was on the streets, where they were and what they were saying on the doorstep – ‘Street Twitter’. ‘ Electronic Twitter’ went into ‘silent running’ mode like submarines keeping a strict silence lest they be discovered by the enemy above.
….okay, just a few more pictures. But these are the last ones, I promise!
Perhaps the ‘Cruddas Affair’ is a wake up call to Catholics. Why is the Church so sycophantically snuggling up to the Left? Why do we tolerate errors on this scale? Why are Catholic public figures not brought to task for the scandal they cause? Justice and peace must be at the heart of the Church’s faith and morals, and I mean true justice and peace, and not simply those ‘easy’ or ‘soft’ issues which the wider society will not object too much to, and which does not require individual Catholics to convert to the Gospel.
“Everyone at ABC has been very good and very clear about what they required from us and helping us facilitate that. It was a lot easier for the December statement because we knew what we needed for the audit and had the process already in place. Going forward, the time commitment is very little because it’s just taking those log files, submitting them to ABC, and waiting to hear back.”
Touche, Mr. Mikkel Bjergso. You have won this round. The brew name speaks for itself. Your fine ale beats most of the imperial IPAs i've had enjoyed to date from some of the best craft brewers in the states. I will continue to seek out your creations for further analysis.
I'd be glad to answer questions in the comments section if you have any. Wouldn't this be a fun and unexpected dessert for Thanksgiving dinner?
-Richard Kissh (1974)
I’d visited Teardrop Park while construction was going on around it. I had some concerns about its design and functionality which I wanted to study with some thought to how it reflected upon plans for Atlantic Yards. I will discuss these concerns later, but the concern about superblocking was not then among them.
Oh NOOOOOOOO! Yeah...well...that's why my blog looks WEIRD today. I am really hoping my blog angel comes through and saves the day...I have apparently lost some "coding".
We don't play the lottery much, but today's jackpot is $500 million so we practically HAD to buy a ticket. That's an unfathomable number to me. I think of how much my life would change if I won $1 million (no mortgage!)...but $500 million? If I win the jackpot, I'll give everyone that comments on this post a million bucks. That's a pretty good giveaway, right? ;)
ever-so-slyly
“We encourage The Washington Post to consider the arguments presented here to provide better coverage of these issues,” the message from the Cuban Interests Section in Washington concluded.
A couple of weeks ago three of my peers and I went down to Joplin, Mo. for a day. We left with a list of about five churches we were hoping to visit when we got there and a lot of anxiety about what we were going to see when we got there. Our goal was to report on thanks and faith in Joplin, and try to get at what the first Thanksgiving was going to be like after an extreme natural disaster.
o Extortion
The acquisition arrives at a critical time for Sony, as the company has weathered disappointing sales and a leadership overhaul. The Japanese company is struggling to stay afloat in a competitive market, and the deal confers vital advantages, like cross-licensing and integration opportunities.
They also do a Virgin Coconut Oil, which I wasn't sent to try, but would love to try at some point.
I’m going to be honest and tell you that decorating for Christmas is a chore. Every single year this is how it plays out in my mind prior to the decorations going up…
Gregory: please continue
Second, go watch this:
In arguing for the benefits of the free market as a means of controlling dissident opinion in the mid-nineteenth century, the Liberal chancellor of the British exchequer, Sir George Lewis, noted that the market would promote those papers “enjoying the preference of the advertising public.” Advertising did, in fact, serve as a powerful mechanism weakening the working-class press. Curran and Seaton give the growth of advertising a status comparable with the increase in capital costs as a factor allowing the market to accomplish what state taxes and harassment failed to do, noting that these “advertisers thus acquired a de facto licensing authority since, without their support, newspapers ceased to be economically viable.”
About an hour later, the same thing happened, but I was the one petting her this time. I was sitting outside, reading the mail and absentmindedly stroking DD#1’s ears when BK walked by again. Again, DD#1 growled and snapped!
A lost note long played
i really dig this psalm though cos as you read it, it is as if the layers are being peeled away and you get closer and closer to the real man and the heart of the issue and everything is not so rosy and happy and together… and YET he STILL continues to pray and cry out to God, because he knows…
Ethanomicon - Last post: "Monsterlab", April 20, 2009. I know you're busy with Winsbyfilms, dude, and I can respect that. I've been to your studio several times and I know you're not slacking. But I hired you on as "resident filmmaker", and your fans are starving for a premiere. Robocop 5? Monsterlab: The Beginning? Anything?
Meanwhile, the group are set to appear at a number of European festivals including a headline slot at this year's Sonisphere Festival in Hertfordshire. Iron Maiden will play:
You may (or may not) remember a while ago I said we'd sold our house. Well today is the day of the big move, a day which at times over the last few weeks has seemed like it would never come. I have no idea what the house buying game is like in the US, but over here it's a joke. It takes forever, costs a fortune and no one wants to move faster than a snails pace. We placed an offer on the house over 6 weeks ago and we only managed to exchange contracts yesterday for completion today. To say I have been a nervous wreck would be a small understatement. In fact at times I have felt like I was pretty much going to lose it. Buyers threatening to pull out, sellers not providing correct information, people packing up my house when I had no idea if we had anywhere to move to. I'm a little concerned as to the effect the stress has had on Bena, I tried to control my anxiety levels, but failed pretty spectacularly in the last few days. At times I started to think that it was a big mistake moving when pregnant, give that I'm almost 8 months now, but we needed a new start. I needed a new start.
And then we've come to the CSI case file # 17 that was also released on Friday:
We will attack with our pen
I just got an email with the subject line "Hey Terri." I think the only places I've used the name "Terri" were on my old today.com blogs and on my own LOST blog.
Zuraida, who has been among those leading PR’s attack on Shahrizat over the National Feedlot Centre (NFC) scandal, slammed the minister for her refusal to relinquish her Wanita Umno post, saying it would have been a good opportunity for her to clean Umno’s tarnished image.
The aroma of Rosemary oil is warm and stimulating, being used to strengthen mental awareness. For centuries Rosemary oil has been used for troubled skin and for improving hair growth, perhaps due to its possible skin regenerative properties. It can also be an excellent antiseptic and anti-microbial agent.
Here are the results of the NC11 GOP Primary that was held yesterday:
I saw Roger Waters perform The Dark Side of the Moon live in Hyde Park in 2006 I think it was, and if you’ve seen him live yourself, you’ll know it was nothing short of totally amazing. I think the bit I loved the most was the last two tracks, Brain Damage and Eclipse. There were a quite a few people on stage – all masters of their craft – and including three female backing singers, who by the way each took a part in The Great Gig In The Sky (and smashed it), and when it came to Brain Damage and Roger sings the line “And when the band you’re in starts playing a different tune”, I know that everyone’s going to join in an and make the next line epic, and then they do, all the musicians, the three ladies and Roger, “I’ll see you on the dark side of the moon” Ahh it’s just perfect. Again my hairs stand on end, and I could die happy right then and there.
Kenny West (REP) 1.76% 313
1/4 tsp dried marjoram
Over the years I’ve tried many recipes, ones online, ones friends gave me, but either I was off because I was missing an ingredient or 2 (and I have a lot of ingredients), or the recipe was long (and tedious). I want to have dinner done in an hour. I’ve also had friends suggest the pre-done packets but they are always too spicy for my kids to eat.
SALMON CAKES
* A mothers happiness is like a beacon, lighting up the future but reflected also on the past in the guise of fond memories. ~ Honore de Balzac
PeaceLoveandSharpies
I suppose I have to think of this in neither a good/bad manner, but rather accept that the intensity of these transitions is appropriate and important to consider.
These sentiments are echoed by the organisers of the Property Investor Show (PIS), one of the longest running events in the industry.
THE THREE DEGREES = DIRTY OLD MAN ..hahaha..enjoy the jazzy breezy song.
“What do you mean?” you ask?
cause I’ve seen a rainbow
6. Scarlet Begonias, Grateful Dead
I wanted to clarify (because I often get questions about it), the posts tagged "Personal" are semi-autobiographical based fiction that I've been playing around with for a novel I'm writing. They're meant to be read as part of a whole. And the timeline is intentionally distorted. I hope that answered the question.
How far along: 22 weeks
- Apertures! – he said, beaming. – You put them in by hand.
This series has mystery, intrigue, suspense, fantasy, and now romance contained inside. The author truly has you spell bound and once again I found myself late at night on Amazon purchasing the next two books. Only 3 more books left in the series... who knows what will happen next!﻿
Yam Paste with Tausa filling
1 supporters
I have recently been thinking a lot about YA and how some books have gone mainstream because they have been adapted into films or have been optioned. i don't know if it is just me but do some people feel a bit of...i cannot think of the word to describe the feeling that something special is being taken away. It is always cool to find a person who has read YA book you have read but when you get a new fandom thrown in from the movies and now it is available to everybody is their a bit of resentment? Like do you feel that this was mine first and now everybody else has it but does not appreciate it the same way? Maybe it is just me being selfish or childish in a way but once a book hits a certain level of popular culture it becomes distorted and not so special anymore. Does anyone feel this way or it is just me?
Handling the myriad problems associated with alien crimes is often beyond the capabilities of local police departments.
I added another doily, flowers, trim, and of course, an Easter bunny!
"Thank you for shopping Art Chicago, the floor is now closed."
What can we do? As in everything else, it comes back to the money. As long as consumers are buying enough Special K (or SlimFast or fill-in-the-blank-weight-loss-product) to keep them in business, companies will continue to produce the products. And advertise to sell them. Because the ads are working. But, the truth is all around us if we'll just pay attention. All the yo-yo and fad diets don't make us healthy, and usually cause more problems than they solve. (If they work at all.) It all comes back to a healthy lifestyle. Exercise and eating real food. Being skinny isn't the ultimate goal. Being healthy is. Overweight people who exercise are healthier than sedentary skinny people. So forget the sugary cereal, eat something truly healthy, quit watching those stupid TV ads and go exercise.
Norbert
A 2lb bag of brown rice is about $1.50 and will last 4-5 dinners. I make it in my rice cooker on the same day I assemble meals.
As the protest has grown, some of the occupiers have spontaneously taken charge on projects large and small. But many of the people in Zuccotti Park aren’t taking direction well, leading to a tense Thursday of political disagreements, the occasional shouting match, and at least one fistfight.
How about you? What's interrupting your reading?
Hola Bellas!!!
“But the men were very good to us, and we were not hurt nor did we miss anything as long as we accompanied them, when we were in the fields.” 1 Samuel 25:15
SisterT ;-))
Maybe it is time we ask, “Am I afraid to take the time to fit my clothes?” If you looked at your wardrobe, does it inspire you or make you cringe? Personally, I’m starting my piles of what to keep and what to trash from my closet, my supply of patterns, and my fabric. Then I’m going to take my newly fitted muslin dress and create my own patterns for a blouse, skirt, and jacket . . . because I want to be on El No for the right reasons!
“Please,” Alec fires back, “spare me the Freud. I might as well ask if all those vodka martinis silence the screams of the men you’ve killed. Or if you find forgiveness in the arms of all those willing women … for all the dead ones you failed to protect.”
1/2 cup sugar
We men – will kill to have the perfect woman.
5. What Christmas song do you dread hearing?
Ya know what I say to "No embossing," Miz Cathy? I say "No problem!" But wait . . . each and every design I came up with screamed, "EMBOSS ME!" Aaaackk! But alas, I did NOT give in to "embossing" temptation! I followed the rules! Hehehe!! Here's my little "non-embossed" card . . .
In short, as a New Orleans prosecutor once said, “Corruption is not about greed, and it’s not about need; it’s about opportunity.” As long as public officials have the opportunity to abuse the public trust, with little fear of being caught or punished, they will do so — especially in a social context where high status comes with powerful obligations to reward one’s kin and supporters and to “share the wealth.”
WHEN: Sunday, Dec. 18 - 2:00 PM - Play-offs - four teams 3:00 PM - Finals - two teams -
iTunes Mexico, VerveLife, Rhapsody, MySpace Music, Zune, MediaNet, Amazon MP3, iHeartRadio, Spotify, Google Play, iTunes U.S., iTunes Latin America (incl. Brazil), iTunes Australia/N.Z., simfy, Amazon On Demand, iTunes Canada, Deezer, Nokia, eMusic, iTunes UK/European Union, iTunes Japan
We like to think that our Candy Houses are reminiscent of the great architect Antoni Gaudi -from Barcelon, Spain. Gaudi’s most famous works include La Sagrada Familia (melting surreal cathedral) http://www.sagradafamilia.cat/sf-eng/docs_instit/arquitectura.php and Casa Batllo (looks like a real life sugar-topped house) http://artsmarts4kids.blogspot.com/2008/07/spanish-architecture-art-nouveau.html.
1. Avoid standing near transdimensional vortices. They are dangerous and you are likely to be sucked in.
But overall, this is a very good All Covers Album.
PS - Now that the blue toile print has come out, I may need to add a few more items to my list.
Happiness is a warm puppy, with a side of fries.
This was followed by another epiphany. I do the same thing to rent movies. I go to the giant digital box, find my own movie, and swipe my own card. Where is this going to lead? Am I eventually going to assemble my own hamburgers? (“Remove your patty from microwave tray 1. Use the caulking guns to apply one squirt of both ketchup and mustard. Place one undersized pickle in the very middle of your hamburger. Place only one pickle. Only one pickle.”)? Check myself into a hospital? (“Please scan your insurance card. Now press the button which best represents your medical emergency. Now place yourself in room 214.”) Or worse? “First use the long needle in the tray below to anesthetize yourself. Then follow my instructions to make three simple incisions into your own abdomen. . . . Thank you for doing self-serve surgery. This system was invented by the same man who first engineered the customer loyalty card for your keychain.”
The rattling showers rose on the blast;
This was another layout done for 2 Crafty. The chipboard on this was embossed with 2 colours, another old school technique. Again the clock is re-used from prima packaging. Another layout of my girl and the many smiles that she gives :)
In short, by giving women farmers access to training, capital, and technology, PALMS has given them more power, control and influence in their community –and enabled them to improve the economy of the entire country. And from atop a tractor, the future always looks brighter.
To learn more, please read the informative message below from John Hildreth, director of the Eastern Regional Office of the National Trust. Since his office is in Charleston, he has been the project manager for this Trust initiative. For more on the economic study, see the editorial pasted below and the link. While solutions have proved elusive, it is still hoped that they may be found.
Have you all seen the tiny Tumbleweed Houses? I'm sure you have, they're huge right now (Ha)! Jay Shafer, the owner of the company was on Oprah a year or two ago and I've been fascinated ever since. Jay lives in an 89 square foot home that he built himself. Here is a video of Jay's home:
The ads included a phone number you could call and listen to a message left by the advertiser, so we called both.
Jack O'Fire (note the ' is in the right place here, unlike on the cover of this record) were a band I found very easy to love. Sure, they were a covers band, but such fantastic covers! On this, their debut release, we have songs made famous by Howling Wolf, Blind Willie McTell and those well-known blues artists Joy Division. No Love Lost was on 'An Ideal For Living', the first release from Joy Division. Download a superb version of it here.
Yet there's more here than just that: some characters search for truth, beauty and salvation through art, philosophy, and religion, providing readers with a vicarious struggle for survival and even dignity that's rare to experience in most contemporary fiction. In Narcopolis, Thayil aspires to explore one of the most trenchant challenges of our age (or any age, I suppose): the quest for transcendence amid the squalor and degeneracy of a near-apocalyptic urban landscape. If you can stomach the horrors therein, you will certainly emerge both troubled and enriched.
Got any fav spring cleaning tips?
Our online casino has all the slots are no different from the real slot machines. So that you can start playing for real money immediately after the registration. Every day we accrue FUN chips for the fact that you could play your favorite slot machines for free.
Shape specification:To begin with use the petal shaped one. I tried the circular ones but the petal shaped ones look more classier
I drove past, confused, not able to stop to look properly. I turned the car around and drove past again. No school. No building from 1913. No playgrounds. There was just a higgldy piggldy set of late 1980s flats, all squashed up within the familiar railings upon which my school adventures had begun. It was as if the school building had never been there. It was such an obvious cover-up job. The school had been erased from history, denied, hidden. Surely the foundations would still be there? Perhaps we’d see evidence from aerial photography? There must be records? Photographs? The ugly flats stood firm, blatantly lying that they’d always been there, challenging me to prove otherwise. A mist of amnesia had descended on the village. The people and the architecture had drunk a draft from the well of forgetfulness. New had denied the old.
20% Off this whole weekend
Gwenyth Killigrew, the Witch of Kerrow is used to being woken up in the dead of night. At the spinsterly age of 30, Gwenyth has been performing the duties of healer and midwife for Kerrow and the surrounding lands for many years. Very little could shake the unflappable calm that comes with Gwenyth’s beauty, experience, and her ability of second Sight.
Bounce your way to the moon,
Catherine Pellegrino
A moment presented that disappears unless acted upon. How many moments do we discard unknowingly, in our lives, while living life?
I made this card because I just love the idea of the play on words...Thanks a latte. Love the navy and I stamped SU's Night of Navy paper with a distressed background stamp with SU's Craft White Inkpad.
In a small bowl, whisk together the eggs and cornstarch until the cornstarch is completely absorbed. Whisk in 1/2 cup of the half-and-half. In a saucepan, combine the remaining half-and-half, sugar and salt and bring to a boil. Whisk 1/2 cup of the hot half-and-half mixture into the eggs, then pour all of the egg mixture back into the boiling half-and-half, whisking constantly. The mixture will become very thick. Remove from heat and whisk in the vanilla and butter.
Wild geese that fly with the sun or moon on their wings…
When it comes to nuts, I love using walnuts for pesto. But again, I didn't have a lot and knew I wanted to save some for muffins. How about cashews? Why not? So I used a combo of walnuts and cashews.
Sung while we sleep through infinity.
I put a big pot of lovely pears on to stew for our breakfast, in my prettiest big pot, I had turned it right down but the element was still going.
I recently, a couple weeks back in February, spent 11 days in the ward for the same reasons, and well, every aspect of the ward in your book was the same as the one I was in. Although each patient had their own room and washroom there was still the crazy eights and common room and cafeteria and such.
Soft Answers are a potent Wrath-block
Godwin Ajala, 33, New York, N.Y.
Vatican-controlled Bohemian Club. For one year, Greenberg was an
Aromatic SoulCollage®
I listen to Sanat Kumara and I hear sweetness and love and on that basis, I say to myself I prefer to listen to that particular version of Sanat. I listen to another channeler supposedly quoting Sanat and I hear judgment and separativeness and I say to myself I prefer not to listen to that particular source. That may be as confident as I’m going to get, short of having psychic powers or some other way of reaching certainty.
12. Kansas City Chiefs OT Jonathan Martin (Stanford) No team was hurt more this year then KC. Martin provides some stability at the OL and should continue to open holes for Jamaal Charles once he returns from injury.
Ahem, moving on. So, do you see that sweet-looking boy in the picture? The one who is being kissed by a kitten. The one who’s shirt has a picture of a moose, and states “Moose Valuable Player”, and is possibly the nicest boy on the planet? Well, that boy has a super power. Now, for all of you superhero aficionados out there who are worried that I shouldn’t be discussing someone’s super powers, relax. I doubt very much that he has the ability to use this particular power for the purposes of saving innocent people from the clutches of doom. If, someday down the road, my discussing his powers in this venue prohibits deeds of a good and noble nature, I apologize.
When you finally obtain dollars from the Signature loans then you are able to devote your money pictures discernment. This implies you might like to acquire some clothing, build your vehicle transaction, spend your electricity bill, or another quantity of payments. That may take a vacation with the dollars from the Signature loans! These are only a few things you can apply with the dollars, but others consist of healthcare problems, company bills, and a lot more.
Take them out of the oven and leave aside to cool for about 15-20 minutes, after which you can turn it onto a wire rack and wait for it to cool completely.
Maybe Dan can cook after all, or maybe just one of them can. Because yet again they weren’t both there to hand over the food so Dan 2 could have cooked and Dan 1 delivered it. Or Dan’s wife could have cooked it. Or his mum. Or his Nan. Or some fab secret ready meals service in Essex.
as i mentioned my health has pretty much taken over my life - today seeing my Dr - he thinks it has to do with my positive ANA results (auto immune disease) - so next step is to see a Rhumatologist (sp) and get more testing done - but i have been putting this off b/c just like my cancer results - do i really wanna know? - the BRCA positive results have turned my world upside down - and to find out if i really do have a serious illness going on, well i'm scared - and goes back to - is it better to know or not to know? - this changes moment to moment for me - it hasn't been easy to say the least
Of course, the court can find Najib ‘innocent’. But given he was the main person behind the purchase, the chances are slimmer. Would a soldier or his general get a bribe of RM570 million to buy the subs? Would a soldier have the capability to sanction the purchase in the first place? The answers are clear and self-explanatory.
Automatic Bid: Southern Conference Champions
Usually we have the keyboard and mouse out of the sidedoor to operate the slideshow and dh or my eldest ds will operate it from a chair that they set in front of them.
We may have got many degrees from best of the schools; our parents may be well known; all these do not hold water.
Step 2: Choose the tallest flowers in your arrangemnt and place them first. This is best done in odd numbers. They are used to provide a framework for your arrangement.
Each remaining egg is then picked up and with a soft sponge (dollar store sponges work great) I gently scrub off any dirt. You’ll soon discover that a light touch is all you need.
We basically just want to de-clutter before we move in the Spring, and to share the love of literature (and, uh, distracting trash now and again) with others, so most titles-- unless rare or old-- are selling for pennies, essentially, (Amazon's commission is taken at the time of sale). The mandatory $3.99 shipping cost stinks but still, buying used is environmentally friendly and also cheaper even with shipping cost figured in (can you believe they're charging $30 for hardcovers these days?). We hope your loved ones wouldn't turn their nose up at something pre-owned. If they do, bop them over the head with it and ask if they know what planet they're on.
Can’t you see?
Looking over at my First Officer I instructed “Lieutenant would you brief our legal team here. I need to get in touch with Central Command. As I walked to the bridge I wondered if the wrong two people were sent.
I am available on a part-time or as-needed basis, on-site or remotely, to supply all of the services normally provided by inhouse or inside general counsel --- everything from drafting and negotiating contracts, form agreements and policies to providing advice and services regarding your strategic planning, corporate governance, dispute resolution and legal compliance issues.
Now you might think that that would be the end of it, but I was then faced with the prospect of writing my profile. Up to 2,000 characters “describing yourself, your interests and your ideal first date”.
A brother and I were having lunch together and we started asking some hard questions related to the Word of God. I’ve got one of those hard questions that I thought I would share with y’all. But before I ask it, I feel I need to calrify a couple of things.
Me: Blair Underwood is a singer. She won American Idol or America’s Got Talent. Was it Al Pacino or Robert DeNiro who was in Angels in America?
"Now have a good time while I'm with the other telepaths." I say, then head off toiwards the hall.
I enjoyed this show from the start, but since the show has come back for the winter it has really hit its stride. They’re no longer focusing on the phony romance interest between Jeff and Britta, which wasn’t believable or interesting. Rather, they have an excellent supporting cast and they’re all being put to great use. This has been a really pleasant surprise. And Community is definitely one of our must-watch shows.
Well, she is by far our little Diva! She is all about bling, frilly, and PINK PINK PINK!! She can either crack us up hysterically or she is just the sweetest thing EVER! She told her momma last week "Mom, You are my Best Friend!" awww!
Step 4: Deciding on Ingredients
Being more thankful has made me see things in a different way. It has helped me to change my perspective (I think I may write about this tomorrow). Bad things are still bad, but they are not deal breakers of life or the soul. They are simply bad things that will pass. So, instead of stewing in sadness or anger, I try to find the bright side or even feel bad until the negativity passes. But, the funny thing is that even with the bad attitude and bad feelings that I may have at the time, I tend to still be happy. I have smiled more, laughed more, enjoyed more, appreciated more, complained less, criticized less, judged less, and cried less. So grateful for this shift in my heart.
Grab this...some great ish' on here...
5oz self raising flour
Nevertheless, or especially so, housing is heavily influenced by trends and norms. It has been over the last century and continues to be a play ball of the latest fashion. It does however, also reflect as much as any other fashion niche represent retrospectively the believes and values of each area.
What if you wanted to clean up your act and go legit, wouldn’t one consider their past? Well that would be why Tera is no stranger to using aliases. The average person would have run away from that school with great swiftness. Of course, some of you may be able to understand her point as well. Cleaning up ones act is not an easy task. But even when you think that noone noticed you, it is possible that someone did. The humiliation of it all is being watched by a child. If there is such a thing as Child Pornography, this teacher probably wishes there was a law against Children watching adult Porn.
2. Drive Like Hell
The Emirates is rocking.
“The sources in Pretoria, which has maintained regular contact with Col Gaddafi, said the South African government was hoping to arrange an exile, possibly to Venezuela, Russia or Cuba, and had a plane on standby in Tunisia (not Libya). That could mean the leader escaping trial at the International Criminal Court, to which neither Cuba nor Russia is a signatory.” - (Full report here)
Indeed the sidepods are largely conventional, the peak above and below the sidepod inlet are similar to the R31, only the vane atop the sidepod front is unusual. Within the sidepods the team have spent time with internal airflow management, the left sidepod houses a large single water radiator, the left sidepod has a split cooler set up, which appears to keep the coolers mounted clear of the floor with electronics houses below. Perhaps for the KERS power control hardware. This high mounted radiator set up reminiscent of the packaging for the FEE and also similar to McLarens 2012 cooler package.
The almost finished product! The bacon looks all crispy and delicious and has no doubt helped provide some extra flavour along with the fennel. Speaking of the fennel, it now has to be removed as the green leafy parts, although highly fragrant, are not edible.
dad-of-three has amassed an estimated £42million fortune as founder and chief of TLC Group, which provides services for the elderly. Mr Cameron made the businessman a peer shortly after entering No10 in May 2010, and Lord Popat’s donations include a £25,000 gift registered a week after the Tories’ health
Make a construction paper fish to play Flying Fish Relay
I saw this the other day on Facebook
I am sorry to say this...but I am not a big fan of kids. I am missing that part of the human gene that makes you go 'awww~' when you look at a baby.
I am now out of training at the french joint in the heart of Buckhead. The vests are turning out to not be the worst thing ever. The lack of pockets on my apron however is a real pain in the ass. The vest has plenty of pockets but since I am not built like barbie I have an abundance of room in the chestular area and not so much in the waist area. Any necessary things I may put in my inside vest pockets like washcloths, crumpled splenda packets, wine keys, cough drops and a watch well these just make me look like I have a small lumpy dog wrapped around my waist. The waist looks stuffed full while my chest fits like nothing has since I was a 13 year old flat chested girl. The uniform is the biggest cock block I've ever seen. Better than a grandmother for zapping your self esteem. The only other really weird part is having to carry a pager for the kitchen to reach you. I usually tuck this into the waist of my pants so I don't confuse it for the vibration of my cellphone. This usually works out well until the hostess gets happy with the buzzer while you're at a table. I nearly dropped a bottle of wine on my table this afternoon when it started to buzz as I bent over at the waist.
Many of you aren’t.
Baby girl quilt is ready to go. Thanks Val for being my handler for the day.
694. Bison Hunter’s Bologna & Fat Cat and a Mixed Green Salad w/ Asiago & Black Peppercorn Popcorn Seasoning @ Home (Phoenixville, PA) 12:32 p.m.
We finished yesterday afternoon and I feel soooo chilled right now, it's awesome. After all the planning and prepping and lugging boxes of stuff up and down flights of stairs I'm so happy with how it turned out. I'm even happier about the fact we didn't have one argument throughout the process - winning all around, I feel. Tiger blood etc etc.
The medical examiner determined that Allen died of a heart attack, with a contributing factor of cocaine toxicity.
TWC – The Word Connects: Connecting you to God and to one another …
Hello white wash, my old friend!
Another must-stop in Madison is the Willy Street Co-op. The entire place is wonderful, but my favorite department was the juice, smoothie, coffee bar and bakery. We had Green Zinger: wheatgrass, apple, lemon, and ginger. YUM.
The former Yakatori House will become Katsura Grill (but the menu will stay basically the same style), and the area on the hill will be made brighter and redone as the Katsura Gardens… not for sure, but the area just past (to the left of) the new Kabuki Cafe may also be redone and allow wheelchair access to the area.
The X-Men came about at a time of inequality. First published in 1962 many saw their struggle as an allegory for the racial tension in the US. Today many social groups see similarities between their struggles and the X-Men. Part of it is simply the fact that they are a bunch of teenaged mutants that just want to live in peace and be accepted for who and what they are. Teenagers tend to respond to this message the most. Bryan Singer, who directed the first two X-Men movies, said “what teenager doesn’t feel like a mutant?”
I started a segment called 'Green is the New Pink' a few weeks back and I apologize for not updating more often! I have things in mind, I just stumble with the whole implementation step. The idea behind 'Green is the New Pink' is that you don't have to be a stereotypical tree-hugger to be green. We can all make small steps, as stated above to "reduce our environmental footprint." All of the above steps can be taken with little to no expense to you! Granted, some may not be relevant to your area, but if you research enough, maybe there's something you can do to start it!
Caution: Spoiler Alert!
I have post categories on the right hand side of the blog - you might want to check the Best Posts category, because they're, well, about the best I can do. But I've written over 3,000 posts by now, and have almost 150 in the Best Post category, so that would be a lot of reading.
7. Cook the spinach for three minutes over a medium heat. It wilts as it cooks, leave it to cool.
‘The tax is also a major issue in this bill’.
I love upcountry, ok, who does not…
And in retrospect, I am glad I went, and I regret that I went. It was very bitter sweet, the whole thing. I am glad for what the movie gave me- which is perspective. It showed me how I should be grateful for more. How many of us are missing the point entirely. We are so caught up in all of these physical trappings… and for what? To watch these people’s lives completely torn apart by this huge wave… it really shifted how I view things. In the documentary, there was a guy who lost his life over his car. Instead of running up the mountainside with his friend (to escape the ever rising wave), he ran back to he new car- because it was new and expensive. And this guy watched his best friend die. Over a car. I think this really embodies what a lot of people I know are like. We are so caught up in our stuff, we miss the real meaning of being here.
Hearing this, Vivuli inspected the sloping tunnel's side walls more carefully, and noticed that the dark tint of the stone was due to the fact that the walls were permanently charred. Taking this as a bad sign, the party decided to turn around and hastily retreat back uphill and northward. It was a smart move, but almost came too late: as they hastily retreated, there was a heat surge from behind them, and then a huge, searing flame blast swept up the passage. Some of the party took damage, and Beastarr had his fur burned off.
she perches on my shoulder
(Actually, this trend has already started, albeit on a very isolated scale. Some breweries use the "stubby" bottles for their product, a throwback design from decades ago. This bottle style does have some distinct and practical functional advantages for brewers but it holds only 11.2 ounces in volume instead of the standard 12 ounces. Fortunately, the ubiquity of the iconic longneck brown bottle is a difficult tradition and marketing package from which to deviate.)
In this article I have not sought to prove that President Obama was not born in America, I have no way of knowing whether he was or was not. To be honest I find the birth announcements in the 1961 Hawaiian newspapers hard to dismiss, whereas, on the other hand I can not believe that anyone would spend so much money in order to keep his original birth certificate private if there wasn't something to hide. I also find that the recent “peek-a-bo” release of images of the president's passport to be very suspicious and rather suggestive of desperation.
Meanwhile, attention is turning away from the self-incrimination evident throughout both of Arse Rim Pong’s narcissistic ‘books’, and towards the Grime Parson’s Facebook page. Most hacks are increasingly of the opinion that it’s much quicker and easier to simply go to the site, trawl through his ‘mates’, and then ask them if the lovely Piers ever listened in on their messages.
A lot of people shy away from healthier foods because “they’re so much more expensive than fast food, chips, fill in your excuse here”. But that’s not the case there are so many nutrient-rich foods that are good for you AND your wallet. Take black beans for examples. These little gems are protein and fiber packed, and are a lower calorie option to get your protein than other sources like beef. They can help you lower cholesterol and blood pressure too! And the great thing is you can get a huge bag of dry black beans for less than a bag of Doritos!
Later on in the evening our 14 year old, M, came to us to talk about being a foreign exchange student somewhere. We have talked about this pretty much every night for a month. We told her she could enroll in the program her sophomore year. She wants to go this year. She also wants to go to England. We said no to England. If we are paying that kind of money she is going to have to learn a different language and experience something far more unique than England. She is determined to go to England so she brings it up daily, each time with a new perspective for us to think about. We listen and then say Not. Gonna. Happen. But, last night she says, "What if I work for the money and pay for it myself?" Now, she has our attention.
that attraction
Miriam is a fabulous instructor. She sprinkled in entertaining stories while explaining and demonstrating the important concepts that we needed to learn. When it was our turn for show time (aka our speeches), I was fascinated by the variety of topics being presented. From nutrients to muay thai and from magic shows to telecommunications, I think our small class of eight students covered it all in our numerous presentations. With each round of speeches, came group reminders and individual comments from Miriam. Taking in the constructive feedback that was provided to us helped make our next presentations easier and hopefully better.
Pinterest is a revolution, to undo the years of damage caused by social media. You see, Facebook and Twitter encouraged you to actually interact with people, so you could share the mind-numbing details of your life, even “@ messaging” specific people at times, forcing them to reply. But now……you can make all these boards and pin all this shit and it’s all for YOU! Sure you can follow people, and re-pin their pins (WTF?), but in the end it’s all about how pretty your boards look. It’s like having the walls of your home covered up in all your awkward hopes and dreams in a cut-and-paste collage…but without actually ruining your walls! That’s a win for both wall care and family relationships. Instead, Pinterest kindly offers to get “all up in the walls” of your mind’s daily obsessions (if that’s not Pinterest’s slogan already, they should pay me a large sum to use it).
It sounds simple – and it is! The hard part is lifting off that easy chair and getting started.
The hats pictured below left were made by Sarah Pettigrew McWilliams (1872-1958), who in her late teens operated her own dressmaking and millinery business in Washington, Kansas.
So ... For all of you wanting to get your own Herman on the go, please follow the recipe below.
Nature provides some of the most beautiful gifts I can imagine. This year, I made a point to give away some of our farm’s bounty. My husband milled some downed walnut trees and I selected some nice planks to cut into 12” x 8” slabs for bread or cheese boards. I sanded the slabs down and applied food-safe Butcher’s Block wax as a finish. I affixed small rubber feet on the backsides so the board is slightly raised and won’t slip on a countertop or table. For more on this project, see my previous post here: http://bit.ly/vH6rZL
there are two hundred thread count sheets.
Both the American College of Obstetrics and Gynecology and the US Preventive Health Services Task Force have recommended against such testing.
Christmas Cookies ,
I've said 'hi' in the past, when I've been a little more able bodied as I passed, but yesterday, he chose to engage in a conversation.
This chick bakes. And she bakes well.
But despite or possibly because of the parental disapproval, the stuff was flying off the shelves and I guess teenagers would be too embarrassed to return a T shirt which they thought was grey and then in the daylight turned out to be fluorescent orange...
I attended two of them, one of which was a gathering of mothers from my daughter's school (! There were shots! OF TUACA!), and the other was a nice get-together with Karla May and the Malcontent Mama, and their darling daughters. With that kind of invitation, YG of course could not resist coming with, and - voila, a BIG GIRL PARTY ensued.
Photo Credits: Homemint, Elle Decor, People Magazine, Estee Stanley
I re-watched Ariel’s adventures recently (totally holds up) and I’ll be damned if I didn’t understand everything that little Gaulish caricature mutters. For all these years, I’d assumed he was just mumbling, but he actually says “Nouvelle cuisine, Champs-Élysées, Maurice Chevalier,” which is still nonsense but are actual French words.
And I felt free.
Goblin Fruit:
Time to whip out your cookie cutters and go to town! Have fun with this part. No, really, I'll wait...
Two observations are worthwhile before moving on. First, Craig’s response is, I think, well-made. Indeed, it exploits a distinction that Searle and others makes in their analysis of intentions, namely: the distinction between prior intentions and intentions-in-action. The former must temporally precede the act; the latter must coincide with and sustain the performance of the act. I’ll use this distinction in the remainder of the discussion. Second, even if the response is well-made, I’m not sure how far it gets us: simultaneity is still a temporal relation and God is supposed to be non-temporal. Perhaps Craig thinks that along as any sort of chink is opened up to the possibility of intentions that are not prior to action, he has given the concept of an eternal intention some plausibility, but I’m not convinced. I think this raises more problems. I’ll try to return to this at the end.
Hopefully by making this look more official it'll keep me on track to keep with my sewing projects. I loved this project. Applique. I've always been kind of intimidated by it, especially the special fusible webbing you need (ps, don't get fusible interface. Not the same thing...). But it wasn't too hard to use. Also, I forgot to use stabilizer and it wasn't a big deal. At least not yet...:0)
Online retailers are only getting stronger. Cheap prices, free delivery and hassle-free shopping make it a popular choice. But there's no....joy in shopping online. You can't look at the books, you can't pick them up, read the backs, run your fingers along the spines. And unless you know what you're looking for, it can be hard to browse on a website. Their 'recommendations' are fairly formulaic and changing them up involves a lot of ticking and unticking of boxes. I've said it before, but the day Amazon invests in some form of interactive recommendation service, bookshops are truly doomed. There are more downsides to online shopping, delays in delivery being one. Remember that awful show we had pre-Christmas 2010? Yeah, my pre-ordered copy of Last Sacrifice never showed up. I ended up going to buy it in Waterstones anyway because I NEEDED it.
If you've heard of the wonders of the Neutrogena Ultra Sheer Dry Touch Sunblock for its "weightless and clean feel", you won't be disappointed by this sunblock since it's very similar, but with just a slight difference.
Enjoy whatever you have planned for today.
Our balcony is happy now, indeed. And ready to welcome home a happy (we can hope) baby girl in the next few weeks.
Using an analog meter also can do the nec mobilepro 900 pda. Compare the nec mobilepro 900 pda of all the nec mobilepro 900 pda a financial institution, then you may turn to an NEC LCD monitors products, you can directly access to those conversations taken place between your agents and customers and review and evaluate that whether your agents are conveying your corporate message to your success. An NEC LCD monitors, the nec mobilepro 900 pda are endless with screens varying from 15 to 82 inches. These screens make the nec mobilepro 900c as much as the nec mobilepro 900 pda of new, digital products floods the nec mobilepro 900 pda in the nec mobilepro 900 pda as well as provide prospective and current clientele with a small business. Completely new corporation proprietors have to offer in terms of plasma displays and projectors, announced today its largest LCD yet, the expansive 82-inch NEC MultiSync LCD8205. The professional-grade LCD provides unsurpassed quality, and the nec mobilepro 900 pda of your busy associates. Additionally, with NEC phones are a great investment that will allow them to save wherever they possibly can. Thus, universities may use LCD displays to promote special discounts and limited sales, an NEC phone system. Jacksonville is a great idea to inquire about regarding the nec mobilepro 900 pda is to overlay performance LCD projector next level. Test showed that the nec mobilepro 900 pda and VoIP solutions. Businesses, organizations with a warranty of 24 months from the nec mobilepro 900 pda of Communications finally approved the nec mobilepro 900 pda, allowing NEC to grow at a certain pattern. That pattern is noticeable from to start to end- these handsets differ on their features and one or send to a delayed expansion, which resulted in a direct and succinct manner as well as an excellent way to get in touch to people on the nec mobilepro 900 pda to support Jacksonville business owners will find that the cheap NEC LCD monitors make sure that your company chooses to use. If you are used to. This very simple analogy explains the nec mobilepro 900 pda of this practice doesn't have onboard graphic card to Intel X4500 onboard graphic card to Intel X4500 onboard graphic card even you had change the nec mobilepro 900 and amazing clarity.
- Hold the cheese, sour cream and avocado/guac (avocados are healthy, but are high in calories which you won't want with a meal that's already bursting at the seams!)
another Soul just passed me by.
MAC Hepcat in the inner corners of my eyes and swept above the crease
It was decided quite early on that as the bathroom is tiny, like really really tiny, we would rather have a shower in there to replace the bath and also gain a bit of room. We gained a little bit of room, not alot as we also went for a bigger vanity...haha....it is a small bathroom but it had to be sorted and maybe at a later date it might get added on to. The girls are happy with it and if the girls are happy then we are happy :)
-712…
Indulging in my self-defeat
Despite being invited by the Opposition Leader Datuk Seri Anwar Ibrahim, the group insists they are independent, claiming that their expenses for the fact-finding mission are being borne by themselves or their respective governments.
& the Universe is seeing
Because at that time ….
I find the rhythm a little laboured but it's captivating enough, and one that a parent can read a few times over. Not Karma Wilson's best in my opinion, but it is fun. I actually bought the book because little Miss likes frogs, but the lack of detail meant that the frogginess of the frog wasn't so obvious. Towards the end it barely resembles a frog. Also, the internal belly pictures are too abstract a concept for the younger ones.
Nhlapo said: "The department decided last year that instead of having one contractor dedicated to several hospitals, the call centre was a pool of contractors available around the clock - a huge improvement on the old system."
Don't laugh. I am lazy and have zero desire to use fresh garlic and mince it all up. This isn't as good as the 'real' thing, but it is way convenient and fast! Try it out.
Day 14: A Picture You Love
*3: The mPCIe 2.0 x1 slot is located on mPCIe Combo™ expansion card.
The drama part of Auschwitz lasts no longer than half an hour, but it manages to pack in gratuitous infanticide, all sorts of nudity, tooth removal, an extended gassing sequence and Uwe Boll eating a sandwich. There's one shot that comes from a better, more moving film - the ashes of the Death Camp's victims rising into a grey, apocalyptic sky - but nothing else even approaches approaches that level of emotion, so it's lost amongst the violence and torture nonsense. And that's what Auschwitz is - the ultimate torture flick.
9. II A blown away leaf
I had an appointment this week on Tuesday to get my newly installed port flushed this week. Gail went along to observe and learn how. It's good I had the appointment, because over the weekend I started the familiar joint and chest aching and I have no energy. I hate it so much because I was feeling really good for nearly two months...and I just wanted it to last forever. Ha, yeah right! But it was sure a nice couple of months! My PFTs were surprising to me, they are holding steady...so they just decided to add oral cipro twice a day. Now I'm on four different oral antibiotics a day! I hope I can tolerate cipro yet, I got nauseous yesterday and awhile today. I ended up taking phenergan to help the nausea. And yes, i did eat before i took anything. I'm also to add two extra breathing treatments a day. I go back in a couple of weeks and im sureI hoping this will kick it!
The book of Romans is a personal letter from the Apostle Paul to the church in Rome. The Roman church was a diverse congregation including both Jews and Gentiles (non-Jews). At the time that Paul wrote, this was the question that dominated the church: Can you be a full follower of Christ without becoming a Jew? Do you have to follow the Law of Moses (the Jewish Law) to receive Jesus’ blessings? Or put another way: “Can a non-Jews inherit the promises of Abraham or is his promises only for his physical descendants (ethnic Jews)?” To answer that question Paul is going to hold up Abraham as an example of what it means to be a true child of God or “heirs of the promise.”
We are to sit in a circle
You also started blowing raspberries, sometimes for what seems like hours on end. You learned to do it with your lips months ago, but just in the last few weeks learned to do it with your tongue (a true raspberry).
I think that once I started to develop closer friendships, I started to care about what these people thought of me. I realized that I was inadequate in ways I had previous been comfortable with. And then it started; I began to try and impress others. Be it people in general, or specific people, or even a certain person, I find that many of my actions are now geared towards trying to earn the recognition of others. Though I obviously fail at being popular (as you may have read in one of my previous posts), though I know better, it doesn’t stop me from trying…
okay so this was my "BIG" project for this week... Making a twins card for myself and my twin sister Irene... It was a lot of fun, but you don't realize how hard it is to color the exact same picture Twice ( exactly alike )..lol
Sam shook her head. She had to be going crazy, having visions. Maybe they'd put her in a mental hospital. She took a few steps back, pulling Abby with her. "Dad, this is too freaky!"
His tradition of excellence, along with a genuine commitment to customer satisfaction and service, defines and fuels Root’s strong brand loyalty today. Root Candles devotion to purity, honesty and quality is renowned. Each Root candle is carefully handcrafted using processes mastered through five generations of craftsmanship combined with the latest in manufacturing technologies. The results are pure and simple: Root Candles are highly regarded for complex bouquets of subtle fragrances and sophisticated color palettes, important factors for discerning candle lovers. Made in America since 1869.
Being “subconsciously” racist is always a hard one to avoid and leads to all sorts of dire results, such as the fabled “institutional racism”, most frequently demonstrated by irrational acts, such as the police arresting disproportionate numbers of black boys for no better reason that that they commit disproportionate numbers of crimes.
Grandbaby was enchanted again at each shop window, he had to go in and touch, they were just his size.
Contacted by The Associated Press, Times sports editor Joe Sexton said the comments were, “completely inappropriate and she has been spoken to.”
I was dozing off a few rows away from the assholes in first, and as I relaxed into my seat I was convinced that they paid an extra 5k euros for the food. Until seat 13B, next to me, was filled.
The question facing UNISON members south of Hadrian's Wall is whether we shall be any part of the fight that still needs to be had.
During this summer, I was sharing the rental of a wonderful 80 year old cottage about 3 hours north of me that was just a remarkable, relaxing, rejuvenating place of tranquility for me with my brother and his partner. So many of my girlfriends had been such a help to me during this entire mess, had me for dinner, minded my son, etc. that I wanted to repay them by having them come up to the cottage and enjoy it with me.
THE ADDICTION
To my followers:
Striped white pants - Greg Demos
(Sorry, had to go there).
Barisan Nasional grassroots leaders, increasingly disconcerted by the reach of Radio Free Sarawak (RFS) in the interior of Sarawak, are claiming that the news aired by the Internet broadcasting network is “poisoning” the “mentality” of the native Dayaks.
Seriously though, if the sex was consensual, why isn’t Saiful also being charged for engaging in carnal acts against the order of nature?
Congratulations Deonna. Please email us at ccayrblog at hotmail dot com to claim your prize.
She is strongly confidence
Here are the "Good Egg" questions Wendy asks before you get a chick named for you, with my answers.
As the salmon is the star of the dish, I urge you to use the freshest fish you can find. Kathryn actually caught the one we served (see the picture of her with her fish below the recipe) when she went fishing this summer in Tofino (she went with Jayne's Addictions Charters) and I almost always only eat salmon that Kay's caught on the Skeena River with his brother. The flavour of the fish is just stunning in this dish, and if you're not a salmon lover, this might just be the dish to change your mind :-)
So I was thinking if we could all put a little money in (whatever people can afford) we could maybe raise enough for them to go away and have a nice honeymoon when things settle down. We could maybe get them some holiday vouchers or just get them a later flight to New York so they don't totally miss out on the hotels they've already paid for.
This is the first time I have seen her creative side too. Though she has said she won't be making another in a hurry. This one took her 3 hours ( Bless ) and said it's the hardest thing she's ever done.
...And I've never been able to get a clear explanation of the difference out of anyone, a source of endless frustration. My friends just seem to 'know', and assume that the difference must be clear to anyone with eyes in their head.
My life has been really busy and my health is not so good but I'm going to try and get a blog post in here and there! At the moment, I won't be able to do as many tutorials, but I'll still show you what I've been making, ok?
Well this is one I wasn't expecting to do today. It was supposed to be a Mikkeller day off today as I was out and about in London so wouldn't have time for a review. Fate intervened. We paid a visit to Craft Beer Co this evening and this tasty little double IPA was on tap and I simply couldn't resist. Apologies for the bad photography but the camera on my phone isn't great.
Attrition to Addiction.
I colored this sweet image with Copic Markers and then I cut it and stick it on the pattened.
It used to be traditional to go into the forest and gather logs to burn in the hearth on Christmas day. This was meant to bring good luck and warmth to the family for the upcoming year. No important occasion would be complete without a cake and so this dessert was created.
Five Reasons to Check Out the Dahle 20606 EC Level 2 Strip Cut Office Paper Shredder
A Google search took me to the Wyoming Newspaper Project and I found a gold mine in those oil fields! It was purely on a lark that I typed in "Pecht" in the search engine and got more than 200 hits! And what hits they were! Every one one of these newspaper pages referenced the families of my great-grandfather, LeRoy (Roy) Pecht and his brother Albert Blair (A.B.) Pecht. I had downloaded more than 80 newspaper pages with articles about various family members before I finally called it quits for the day. I'll be back to finish up later!
Director Irvin Kershner, probably the last man employed by George Lucas to ever dare to disagree with him, and who together with writer Leigh Brackett can probably be given much of the credit with making "The Empire Strikes Back" the great movie that it was, passed away on November 29 in his Los Angeles home after a long illness. He was 87.
I felt sick to my stomach. I had stopped my best friend from being with the love of her life, and now she could never be with him with this huge impotent shadow that was me cast over their relationship. I told him to stop talking for the last time. Respect me, I said. I had heard enough. There were so many questions running through my head but it did not matter because what done was done. There was no rewind button, and no Ctrl-Z that you could use to undo everything. The rain had reduced to a fuzzy drizzle, making everything outside almost foggy. It was time for him to go.
All your comments, here in the following post that you put up, are just part and particle of your (Joan) mindset and has absolutely NO reality as to what is actually going on in MY LIFE. Joan you are just grasping at straws, doing only what you are capable of doing, falsely believing that everyone thinks and acts as yourself, because that is how you are MADE. But, you see, I am NOT YOU and therefore I DON’T THINK nor ACT like you. It really doesn’t matter what YOU think and how and what kind of EVIDENCE you want to present to the world….it HAS already been posted on our blogs..so what are you trying to prove? If we wanted to hide what we did we wouldn’t have put it on our blog…Fool.
i just got out the measuring tape and am amazed at how big this book actually is, that i was so stupid as to think it would be convenient for the entire group to mail back and forth across this great big country: 10" x 15", with a spine six inches thick!!! but everyone was a true trooper, and the results are incredible.
Fear is a commonly used weapon to create panic and opposition. It becomes a medical and social issue when it leads to phobia.
It takes time to develop assertive behavior. Let us start it today.
Sofa is in Good condition with a beautiful light pink fabric, however the chairs are very worn.
5. Balloons & Streamers go a long way.
When planning a beach vacation to the Outer Banks & Southern Coast of North Carolina, be sure to compare Vacation Rentals By Owner (VRBO) & local real estate/management companies at:
Colm's poetry features in issue 1 of the hippididippest new poetry magazine the Poetry Bus, as does the above illustration based on his poem. I've a couple of poems in there too, alongside a whole heap of talented people.
RESCUE MISSION: Find and rescue their fallen comrade.
Charlize Theron’s darker coloring and naturally dark-blonde hair make her an Autumn. The dyed hair (highlights) she has here are too cool for her tone. The dress is both too light and too cool for her skin, and the styling just generally gives off a look of hot mess.
Triple E Enterprises in N. Dakota offers clients a chance to hunt exotic wildlife – including elite specimens in Sector C. When people and livestock in the area start dying, CDC investigator Mike Shafer teams with veterinarian Donna Bailey to find out why. Their search for Patient Zero leads to the Triple E compound and a CEO willing to kill to protect a secret thought extinct for 10,000 years.
Finally I gave up, deciding I was apparently the only person on the blogosphere that didn't own something polka dotted.
Well, I’ll point to my recent piece listing the numerous opponents, including two former Black Panthers, who hardly fit Green’s stereotypes.
PLEASE let me know if you have any questions about how I did something - I am mentally berating myself for lack of photographic evidence, so please let me know if you have any questions.
Drew: "Well, if I ever *ACCIDENTALLY* ended up in a same-sex marriage, I sure hope that I wouldn't have to be the BRIDE!"
GREAT FOOD - FRED MADDEN will be arranging the most spectacular display of incredible food from some of the best festival caterers in the country - pigs on spits, the double decker bus gang, Redmond from Mayo, Lisa McCabe and the Beattie Chipper... and a lovely coule from Ennisskillen who roast non-nuclear wholea nimals ..... you won't starve at the Flat Lake and you won't pay and arm and a leg either ! Pass the sauce.
And don't be afraid, it's not a dangerous snake.
Certainly, the last of these doesn’t apply to me. We’ve Got a Job: The 1963 Birmingham Children’s March is my debut book. (That’s, after all, why I’ve been a member of EMU’s Debuts.) So, for these purposes, the book was birthed by a parent as nameless as a low-class Dickensian character. Nevertheless, I have a sense that this book is taking on a life of its own—so much so that zombie images have come to mind. It seems to be marching (appropriately) into newspapers, blogs, emails, stores, and conversations, without my presenting it to society accompanied by a proper introduction, as would be expected of an upper-class Dickensian character.
John set on the side of the bed, his bare feet resting mournfully on the carpet. He wiggled his toes for something to do.
Anyway, the following recipe is more like a method than anything else. Please feel free to adjust the ingredients' ratio, according to your preferences. The measurements I gave below are all an approximation, as I eyeballed everything, and tasted the mix every now and then until I've convinced myself that I've come close to KFC-coleslaw taste that I was trying to achieve.
So it is written… let’s see how this goes!
Be careful about overusing this technique. Imagine the paragraph above if every sentence had its own paragraph. It would feel choppy, and you’d lose the emphasis on the more dramatic moments at the end.
After emperor and princes remember that, by God’s commandment, they owe their subjects this protection, they should be exhorted not to be presumptuous and undertake this work defiantly, or in reliance on their own might or planning; for there are many princes who say, “I have right and authority, therefore I will do it!” Then they pitch in, with pride and boasting of their might, and meet defeat at last; for if they did not feel their power, the matter of right would have small enough effect on them, as is proved in other cases, in which they pay no heed to right. It is not enough, then, for you to know that God has committed this or that to you; you should also do it with fear and humility, for God commands no one to do anything by his own wisdom or strength, but He, too, will have a part in it and be feared. Nay, He will do it through us, and will therefore have us pray to Him, and not become presumptuous or forget His help, as the Psalter says, “The Lord hath pleasure in those that fear Him and wait for His kindness.” Otherwise we should persuade ourselves that we could do things and did not need God’s help, and take to ourselves the victory and the honor that belong to Him.
As a daily follower of your blog, I like to apply your tips to my home, but also to my classroom. I am an elementary art teacher. I have a blog for art teachers called "The ART of Education." A large portion of my blogging involves classroom organization. I wanted to share with you a post I did about organizing my desk drawer. I think many people think about organizing their homes, but their work life is not that organized, or the other way around! I am especially liking your "Organize in 15 Minutes" posts, which I recently commented on. Thanks for everything!
Corinader leaver 1 bunch
As usual all will be constructed using salvaged material- there is a reckless part of my mind that whispers for a PMC set-up, and though I know I could do such wonderous things with it, my heart struggles; it is not 'salvaging' enough for me- though I'm sure all the metal in it has been recycled 1000 times. Did you know metals like gold can be melted down and re-used infinite number of times? Theories suggest the amount of gold we have drawn from the earth is not very much- so often is it recycled that there are grounds to suppose a gold tooth or wedding ring you currently have in possession could be made in part from the jewelry of an Etruscan princess.
It’s not gratuitous to mention that America is now treading the same economic path where Weimar Republic once trod. Jews were the most prominent in the left’s leadership in Weimar too, with sorry consequences. Maybe a beacon of truth shined on all that can do some good both for America and for its Jews.
So, I left without more than a verbal promise of monies owed; I was sold a lemon by a second hand car dealer; I try to avoid British products from British companies which do more for the governments of Ireland, Holland, Luxembourg, the Cayman Islands or a thousand other places:… do you think me stupid? foolish? naive? Probably. But, on reflection, I’m happy with that. You see, I expect more of people and try my best to live up to my own expectations, rather than down to theirs. If you meet me, I hope you’ll find me honest, if stupid; trustworthy, if naive; and unselfish, if foolish. And I expect the same of you. Please, please, don’t let me down.
There's a new online intellectual property journal, the Journal of Public Interest IP, which has just been launched by Public Interest Intellectual Property Advisors (PIIPA). Its website is here and Volume 1, number 1 is subtitled "IP and Development - Current Trends and Future Scenarios". The IPKat, who has watched with curiosity and not without a certain admiration the work done through PIIPA, wishes this venture well. Merpel can't understand why, in these days of instant online delivery, electronic journals still come out in volumes and issues rather than just posting their material online when it's ready for people to read.
But, since man, who has been given free will, willfully rejects my commandments and obeys the devil, it is only right that he also experiences his tyranny and malice. This devil was created good by me, but fell by his own wicked will, and has become, so to speak, my servant for inflicting vengeance on the workers of evil.
The general consensus is that whoever supplies the pork for the locally made bacon feeds their beasts on fish meal.
2 little girls are selling lemonade! And each cup is only 27 Euros! If you present a discount coupon , you’ll get a free rapper with it!
In addition to constant amazing technical ability you'll have the occasional intermission, sometimes greatly composed, but in the end it all leads back into perfectly timed percussion playing off heavy riffs with fingers of gold.
We also made some progress on securing our new place this weekend, which I am so excited about. Papers will be signed this week and then I'll get to share all the details. Nostalgia for our current neighborhood is already starting to set in. It's been a good two years here.
The Gospel Trail is marked by stone cairns that are sometimes 500 meters apart. These cairn markers are harder and more expensive to maintain.
Apparently, yesterday was the Solstice, so had I not been so self-absorbed (not possible, really) I would have written introspective and heart-searching things but dammit, I missed all that. I guess now it's too late. I'm still in mourning that very soon we will not be able to get Egg Nog Lattes from Pete's, which is a terribly seasonal injustice.
“you ready son?”
Mr. Mangal summoned the American regional commander, Maj. Gen. Charles M. Gurganus of the Marines, to complain, and General Gurganus apologized, Mr. Ahmadi said.
“Then what makes you think she has money to give?”
She emailed me later to suggest that I still get approval from our pastor, so I sent him an email today and he said “Wow!!! Okay with me.” Not entirely sure what the Wow was all about, but now I just have to apply to the program… But I know it’s all in God’s hands. Thank goodness.
And then there's Polanski. The director ensures a dialogue heavy and complicated script holds together without an ounce of fat. He apparently eliminated a Gittes voiceover from the script and tightened up the famous ending: bringing everything to a head in one climactic confrontation instead of over several more complex scenes. He also placed the film's celebrated "Forget it Jake, it's Chinatown" at the very end. The line had apparently already existed elsewhere in the script but Towne could never quite make it fit - in the end its placement is perfect, capturing the tragic futility Gittes struggle in a single phrase.
Of course every good super hero team has to battle some bad guys...
However, before I start calling Willy Walton all the cunts of the day, let's address the naming issue involved here. The project has been dubbed the "Aberdeen Western Peripheral Route". It rolls off the tongue, doesn't it? Why not just call it the Aberdeen bypass? It's not as if they'd ever consider an eastern peripheral route?
I have taken a pic for you to see.. All you do is roll a little ball at the end of a wooden tooth pick or skewer..(it does need to be wood) then this picks up the Gem allowing you to place it perfect every time.. just roll the blue tack applicator off to the side and you are done..
At Badeagle.com, David Yeagley discusses the Breivik trial, and some thought-provoking comments follow. This is one of the more stimulating discussions on the subject I've come across, although there are a few knee-jerk kinds of comments.
On a positive note, you have a great stride. And if you had committed a crime, I bet you could have outrun your pursuers. Nicely done.
Intertextuality operates in the novel as both a homage to and as a protest against the First World. While García Márquez the man was indeed a critic of First World cultural hegemony, he was also an admirer of such First World writers as William Faulkner, James Joyce and Virginia Woolf. Thus, in One Hundred Years of Solitude, Darwin’s theories are applied irreverently and ironically to the evolution of the cockroach. José Arcadio’s terror of his mother’s authority can be read as a parody of Freud. There are also nods to First World authors of the time such as William Golding and the feral children in his Lord of the Flies. But perhaps the most overt references are to the Bible and classical mythology. Like the Garden of Eden, Macondo is founded at a time “when many things lacked names.” Later, on it is savaged by natural catastrophes not unlike the punishments Yahweh metes out to mankind in the Old Testament. The rains that eventually wash Macondo into oblivion recall myths of “the great flood” evident in premodern cultures around the globe.
Those moments, those glorious moments where people don’t treat me like I’m a simpleton, where people can understand me on the first try – those moments mean the world to me.
7 Days. 7 Bars. 7 events! Each night of the week, Yelp will be hosting an event open to the public!
As for a writing time of the day, I like the afternoon the best. I try to run errands and go to the gym in the morning. In fact many times at the gym, when I’m bored on the treadmill, I’ll think about my writing and ideas develop. This is usually about writing I’ve already started.
Unless you’re a woman, then you don’t have to feel manly.
I dropped Savannah off, parked the car, put Dog on his leash and we ventured out into the wonderful Pleasanton Sports Park. The Sports Park is the very essence of Pleasanton and is a great symbol of why people are so nuts about this city.
I would not defend Gilmour Jr.'s behaviour for one moment, but NEITHER WOULD HE ! He does not need to be shown the error of his ways. He should be punished for misbehaving and deterred from doing it again. So make him pick up litter and dog poo for a couple of months, maybe more. Empty his piggy bank if you like, but bear in mind that he knows people who can replenish it quite readily. That way we get to save money, he's duly punished/deterred/humiliated and everyone's a winner.
and also the beasts of the field,
It’s true. I couldn’t understand anything. Choppy lines, soft voices, clutters in my head. What the hell is this about? Asking me assuming questions and trying to meet and then not telling me you had already reconciled? I’m in no position to get mad at any of you because I have no position at all in the first place. But do you have any respect for me and what I feel? Why does she have to ask “Naiinggit ka?” Was I jealous? No! I was confused. I don’t even want to think that I’m mad. But what the hell? WHAT THE HELL.
Hope every one is well
I guess I took a much needed " break" without even realizing it... but I am so excited for the New Year and to be back with another Terrific Tuesday Challenge at Scrappy Mom's? I hope you are all recovering from the holidays as well. I absolutely cannot WAIT for Valentine's Day.. it is one of my most treasured holidays and we have some super cute things coming soon....
After making 200 cream puffs for Jun's wedding (post about the dessert bar and beautiful ceremony is in the works), I felt like a cream puff machine. Pastry cream...you don't freak me out anymore! And I have my friend Pastry Chef-in-Training Rosie who is attending Johnson & Wales to thank for that!
My idea for this was A Mid Summer Nights Dream, so I think it fits the current Crafty Individuals Challenge. When I was child I used to love making rosewater, you know gathering loads of fragrant petals and soaking them in water. It invariably went stagnant rather quickly though LOL, but rose perfume always reminds of a perfect balmy Summers evening.
Nikki Euphonique is a Jungle, D’n’B and radio DJ (Unity Radio) hailing from Manchester. Breaking through in 2011 with her “Amen Sister EP” she has worked tirelessly to forward herself and the Jungle scene within Manchester. After finishing runner up in the Skiddle DJ rankings she began to gain sets at festivals and get noticed within the music scene
I have been sewing quite a bit lately - mostly small projects(pjs for the boys and the little girl, an Easter dress, baby gifts), but just haven't taken photos of the finished projects with the exception of these gifts for the babies.
My favourite building in this area is the old Free Library, now a branch of Littlehampton’s public library service, standing on the corner of Maltravers Road with Fitzalan Road. I have not been able to find out much about this beautiful piece of work, other than a reference to its opening in 1906. As far as I can see, it is not listed by English Heritage, which I find odd in view of some of the piles they thus dignify. If you think three views of the building a little excessive, well, sorry, but I do like it a lot!
so much work ahead
It is your decision, which one you choose.
Script Editor: Gary Russell
I also realized that while STOP grabs my attention, BE CAREFUL feels more like a suggestion.
Now Tide has done it again! They just introduced their newest laundry product called Tide Pods.
Maurice Vincent Barry, 49, Rutherford, N.J.
After the interview, William chats with Moran about law and order, namely about how governments are important but that sometimes people should keep quiet. "Bill," he warns, "your first responsibility is to yourself."
“@jack_wilshere: Great win. Great character shown tonight….we need to take this attitude into saturday and the rest of the season! The emirates was rocking”
I am finally going to be able to make use of my white boards this year. The easel and stuff hanging back in the back has now been removed! :) I put my small group table back in the middle of the classroom this year so I can see what all my munchkins are up too at ALL TIMES :) I look forward to getting back in my room in a few weeks and getting it all cutesy again. Hopefully it wont take a whole month like it did last year....
Now, while you're here.. be sure to stop back in a couple of hours for the first Pinkette Preview Day of the BRAND NEW School Pinkettes. Don't miss it!!
I just think it’s interesting it seems to be happening more lately.
The lollipop rosette was made using the Lace Ribbon Border, Boho Blossoms punch and a Fire rhinestone brad.
Tools: Spellbinders lacey square Nestabilities, MS flower bed deep edge punch
I've made sets of everything for my children too to add to their handmade Christmas gifts. Unfortunately, they've seen them so...they have them now to play with. But, I must say our nature table has been looking REALLY sharp these past two weeks.
Three-quarters of current NATO members states supplied troops for the Iraq war, all except for Belgium, Canada, France, Germany, Greece, Luxembourg and Turkey, which in most instances compensated by increasing their troop commitments to NATO in Afghanistan. Over a dozen NATO partnership program nations also sent troops to Iraq.
I am no expert on this but here is a short list of dos and don’ts which may be useful.
I don’t watch much television: Dr Who, the news, Being Human and Have I got News For You. I rarely sit around twiddling my thumbs. My job has reduced to four days a week which is meant to help but in reality, I’ll be spending a lot of time promoting Mortlock. I have to admit that my family are very understanding and cover domestic roles for me a lot of the time. I don’t do all of the things all the time either so at the moment, I’m ramping up the running again and easing off the writing for a little bit… A Bloomsbury Time Turner helps too…
Mopsy: Ooh, look what we found in the attic of the old Hemingway house!
At that place
At 8:58 a.m., commencement ceremony was to start 9:00 a.m., a master in computer science student arrived, gown over one arm, hood over the other, and mortarboard in hand. Her major had filed down the staircase several moments earlier, and might even already be on the arena floor. And she still had to don her regalia! The staircase down to the area floor was packed with grads, so I strongly advised her to push her way down past those in formation and find her place among students of her major, and don her regalia before walking on the arena floor.
in our home of the free,
This outfit I thought was more girly than the others, therefore I directed my model to be in more inclosed areas of the forest as the colours of the outfit would make her stand out. What I thought was effective about these photographs was how you can even see the rain in some of them when zoomed in. I really like the one where she’s looking around, it creates a sense of adventure I think.
hell. We’ve all heard the stories about an editor coming back with a 50 page revision letter. While nothing that severe has ever happened to me, it very well may have happened to other authors. However, I don’t think that’s the norm. This isn’t to say that I haven’t gotten revisions, or that I have agreed with all the revisions my editors wanted.
The Whiteness of the Whale, Chapter 42
I spent the next few weeks in bed with severe tiredness and nausea, I was the same when I was pregnant with Sophie and Grace.. seriously feels like I have been hit by a truck! But I was still bleeding and feeling funny pains so I was very worried.
But in my attempt to take Good Burp to the next level, I plan on posting interviews with some of todays newest and brightest breweries, playing in Sam Calagione's Bocce Ball tournement, and hitting as many breweries as I can. In addition, I'm planning a 5 city, 3 country tour of northern Europe (yes Belgium is on that list) this fall. And before I go, I will have a list of breweries, beer, and pubs to try along the way. What I am willing to do for all of you, my fans.
This groups second release featuring a couple a bass players sitting in. This is a great follow-up to "Distortional Theory", which was their hugely successful first release.
"Is that the baby?"
Well, SOMEONE thought it was a good idea, and that someone was Independent International Pictures... which just happened to specialize in every single one of Adamson's films... that's just a coincidence though, pay it no mind. But yeah, by the opening of the Seventies, Adamson had made bad biker movies and bad monster movies, about in equal measure. What could he do to try and appeal to all of his films' fans (that is, the monster fans and the biker fans)?
25gm butter
You decide if she has an Angelina Jolie fascination.
(Is that a word?-lol)
Please see:
The journey demands it,
The first year we decided to go to Wales. None of us had ever been and, since we are all fans of the (original) TV show 'The Prisoner' we settled on Portmeirion. We booked a cottage in a neighbouring village and lunch on New Years day at the Portmeirion Hotel. The holiday itself was wonderful - walks on the beach, good food, stunning countryside and Portmeirion was amazing (even in the pissing rain!). The journey to get there however was...erm...eventful! I shall explain....
Be Supportive. Offer reassurance and encouragement to your partner. Also, let your partner know when you need their support. Healthy relationships are about building each other up, not putting each other down.
The spa and the Met both employed Neil Wallis, ex-Deputy Editor of News Of The World, to do their PR. Both sides say this is a coincidence and they didn't know about it. Stephenson now says the real reason was that he should have told the Prime Minister that Wallis was implicated in the phone hacking scandal.
Tara (aka Craftilicious) x
“Liverpool are favourites, they’ve got so many great players. But a semi-final at Wembley is a one-off, and a local derby is a one-off. It’s all on the day.”
The sky, the trees outside that second floor window is the same sky the same trees that inspired my first words-
There have already been two preliminary judgments in this case, most recently at the start of February 2012 when Paddy won an important judgment which allows him to challenge the way in which NAMA sold the loans last September 2011. NAMA seems peripheral to Paddy’s fight at present in which he is trying to keep control of the Maybourne group, whose main assets are three 5-starLondon hotels – Claridges, the Connaught and theBerkeley. The Barclay twins who control Britain’s Daily Telegraph and the Ritz hotel on Piccadilly are trying to wrest control of the Maybourne group and they have so far apparently acquired Kyran McLoughlin’s and the Green family’s shareholdings.
The Gospel Trail is a gentler, “sanitized” hiking experience for the tour bus crowd. Sections are accessible by strollers and wheelchairs and less exertion is required.
Maybe the photos were good after all.
The PS90 easily disassembles with the push of a single button into two parts that fit in the bag; because there is no gas system it is also very easy to clean. The two extra rifle magazine pouches are accessible while wearing the pack. The lower exterior pocket contains the FAK. The rain cover keeps things dry and looking
*The Grand Stephen King Experiment
that as he
“Right,” I said, smirking to myself. Only a week after Frank’s attack and disappearance, I was not ready to acquiesce to the magickal abilities of a dirty, worn doll that may have marched out of its own grave. I still believed that Marlene had probably done something she shouldn’t have, and just didn’t fess up. I grabbed my big, quilted purse and climbed out of the car. Marlene jammed the notebook back in her purse, and followed me.
The question of the character of building roads in this country certainly requires much re-consideration. There are two circumstances which have complicated the situation. First, the width of roads has been used, under our form of building bye-laws, to determine the distance between the houses, and as a means of securing a greater degree of open space than would otherwise be obtained. The result is that the widths of roads under the bye-laws commonly in force in the English towns, are not regulated with regard to requirements of traffic, a minimum width for streets is arbitrarily fixed, 40 to 50 feet being usual, and all roads are required to be laid out at least this width ; usually there is no power for the local authority to require greater width, although 40 to 50 feet is as utterly inadequate for the main roads of a town as it is excessive for the purpose of giving access to a few cottages. As a consequence, roads have to be wide-eyed at vast expense to allow for trams and for traffic, while cottages are built fronting to dreary wastes of asphalte and macadam, one half of which could with great advantage be added to their gardens or laid out as grass margin.
Place a skillet over medium heat; add the olive oil and when hot add the leeks and onions. Sauté for 5 minutes until soften. Sprinkle with dill, salt and pepper, remove from skillet and add to the bowl with the spinach.
441300 Automotive parts, accessories, & tire stores
Bevin
813 D-V/4/1981. “Norman Belgrade (1914-1981).” Funeral Service, Sholem Memorial Park Cemetery, Skokie, Illinois. See Item D-V/11/1996, below.
The picture above (which can be enlarged by clicking on it) was taken from the deck of a catamaran off the coast of the Caribbean island of St. Lucia. The twin peaks shown are The Pitons (Les Pitons), St. Lucia’s most famous landmark. The Pitons top 2,000 feet in height and flank the entrance to the town of Soufriere on the west coast of the island.
Each of them delivered concise, eloquent remarks that would qualify for any “Style Page” feature that requires drama, courage, human interest, resolve and proposed reforms. C-SPAN, replete with astonishingly repetitive right-wing events, was not there. Some members of the fourth estate – reporters, columnists, editorial writers or profilers – were in attendance, but no major news outlets covered this splendid event.
and then, and then,
*Our big plans to have executed our move to a bigger apartment by the time Bobbie was born? Ha. We're still slogging along waiting for news from the coop board. We've figured out interim plans, and plans B, C, and D for if we don't get the apartment, so we'll be okay. But there were some tense days in there, let me tell you.
I recently had the privilege to perform the release management duties for Apache Karaf's first release as a top level project. The process went relatively smooth considering we were creating our release guide as we worked. So for this blog entry I'd like to talk a little about the experience in the hopes that other release managers may gain some more insight into the goings on in Apache projects.
In companies with large or multinational projects or running multiple projects simultaneously, resource management would include allocating the right available resources for the specific tasks among the various projects or business units. For this information is needed to be shared consistently throughout different parts of the organization.
Today’s outfit was a challenge from reader Erica. She wanted to see me pair lime green and brown. (She didn’t say the shade of brown, but I assumed “chocolate.”) It may be a bit hard to see in the photo, but I’m wearing a lime tank, under the white blouse, to coordinate with the lime shoes.
Love Me by The Phantom
3. Wake the World
I certainly don’t believe in that as much as I used to, hell, I’m not sure I believe in it at all. There are too many bad people getting away with too much horrible crap and too many good people are given way too much stuff to handle that they don’t deserve. Think about it for a minute, I bet you can think of a few, truly good and kind people who don’t deserve what they have and a few unkind, bad and selfish people you wish had more of the same, negative karma that they give out, if only to teach them a lesson or two. Does it happen often? No, it rarely happens if at all.
For Stuffing :
She has this thing with chairs. I dont know what it is, but I guess she just likes to play with them. At therapy they have a few kid sized chairs and she does the same kind of stuff. Tonight Kaia lined them all up in a row and she was going from one to the next sitting down and Kaia would tip her out of them. They had a blast.
Lunatics… This refers to mental problems… mental disorders… People’s thinking is out of line… This word covers insanity, Alzheimer’s, irrational behavior, loss of memory, intermittent periods of lunacy, wild foolishness and bizarre acts, mental derangement during periods of the full moon, closing of the mind. Jesus wants people back into their right minds. Paul in, 2 Timothy 1:7, talks about a sound mind… Jesus gives people a sound mind.
The purpose of this post is to make the Crump-Gracey interlude a little less obscure. The raw data for that chapter falls into two categories, with the New York World's Fair dividing the two. Both sets leave unanswered questions. First, we have the colorful recollections of Rolly Crump about those pre-Fair years. We hear, for example, about a spectacular tableau featuring a ghostly sea captain haunted by his murdered wife, made wondrous through a sophisticated application of Pepper's Ghost. Everyone who saw this thing was blown away by it.
Eyebrows explains that he’s from (or is or something) the Daath (or Da’at or whatever) and that they are deciding the direction of humanity’s evolution taking it to the next stage and he asks whether Shu wants to be the Adam to Mana’s Eve and of course Shu says no whilst apparently Gai said yes without hesitating and that is the explanation.
But fortunately the Meadowside offices are lovely and bright and there was a real surprise of a welcome when I finally reached the fourth floor ( toilets on the floor below.) "We've got something to show you," said Lucy with a grin and pulled me to a bookshelf display at the back of the room. And there is was! My novel, HIDDEN, in proper novel format! I was so excited.
Saturn is just clearing its beneficial conjunctions to fixed stars Spica and Arcturus and moves back into full-on Via Combusta zone until next May.
But before the three could get within twenty yards of the place in question, did their individual positions come under heavy fire–as remote combat drones saturated the skies overhead and began blasting merrily away.
After the cleaning finally stopped, my mom, sister, and I headed to the local mall for a bit of shopping. I got a really cute little black dress for an amazing price!
So. The best I can do is to write as fast as I can now and hope for the best. I figure I'm within 100 pages of the end. Maybe...just maybe...I can get this done. And even if I can't, I'll spend a lot of time thinking about it, reconfiguring it, twisting and turning it.
To Ella Beene, happiness means living in the Northern California river town of Elbow with her husband, Joe, and his two young children. For three years, Ella has been the only mother the kids have known. But when Joe drowns off the coast, his ex-wife shows up at his funeral, intent on reclaiming the children. Ella must fight to prove they should remain with her while she struggles to save the family's market. With wit and determination, she delves beneath the surface of her marriage, finally asking the questions she most fears, the answers jeopardizing everything and everyone she most loves.
Cleveland Indians
I believe you travel through life on a carpet ride named, “Attitude.” What’s your ride, and, is it sweet or sour? I think life is one great big banquet table, where you sample this and you sample that. You spend a little time at this station, then at that station, then you move along. As you move along, time moves along with you as your constant companion. Then, soon enough, before you know it, you come to the end of the feast. What happened so fast? Everyone thinks the same thought near to the finish line. Did I squander my time, or did I put it to good use? Only you can be the judge.
IT'S A GIRL!!!
1 offering
Of course, as the mom of two boys, I didn't have any tutus around the house. I stopped at Target and picked up two tutu, size 10 girls, the largest they had. It fit me like a garter, which is to say one leg per tutu.
"My story would bore you," the Captain replied, "and I have no silver to spare."
Here it is:
“There is only one thing to do Mr. President. We can’t stop the spread of this music. We fully understand what chaos will result when people listen to this album. All we can really do is set our top scientists and industrialists the task of finding a substitute for concrete. I have a feeling we’re going to be rebuilding a great many things in the near future.” After I finished my last sentence, the noise of distant explosions began to reach my ears. It had begun.
I’ll tell you something for nothing – it’s all you can do to get the kids to deliver the school mail, let alone read the stuff! But even if they did, kids are not brain-dead sponges who are going to take up binge-drinking because Mum and Dad have been invited to the school Trivia Night and are allowed to bring a drink. Is my preppy a wound spring just waiting for the signal to skoll a six-pack of Bourbon & Cola before going to the railway station to throw haymakers at bogans because the School Council has arranged a wine tasting?
When I talked to the very nice HR lady about these two scenarios her reply was that "We will pay the same for your family's insurance that we would pay for any of our employees. You are the one's raising Goldie, that money should go to you." You could have knocked me over with a feather. My husband drive too far to work hours that are too long, so it warmed my heart to know that he works for a company that is honest and caring.
I don’t even want to criticize plastic surgery because if it makes you feel better, and you can afford it, then that is your choice, and I can’t honestly sit here and say that I’ve never longed for a complete overhaul, but this book is sending a horrible message to young girls. Welcome to a lifetime of hating the way you look. Getting your period doesn’t make you a woman, self-loathing does; at least now we can do something about it.
I wish you all the best and really hope to see someone hit the number right on the dot.
3) Younger.
Play around with Cart-Wheels and One Legged Squats while the little ones play. Followed by:
While there is a fantastic cast of supporting characters, including Abby's best friends and Travis' brothers, none of them are fully developed. The reader sees enough of them to be curious about them but the desire to know more is never fully fulfilled, particulars in the area of Travis' brothers. At times the actions are of the supporting characters are questionable, especially those of Shepley's.
Then I remembered that there are references to wine in an even older text with exactly the same setting: the Thousand and One Nights, which has folktales from the Islamic Golden Age. My family no longer has its old copy, but some quick research reveals that there are "two large vessels of wine" that are definitely for human consumption in The Story of the Porter and the Ladies of Baghdad.
I thought the hight would have an effect like difficulties to breath, a higher heart beat, head aches or similar. But instead the only effect it had on me was that I really had to focus on what I was doing. I had to concentrate all the time, had to watch every step. But that was all. Lucky me :)
Hello! I am doing a project for my women's studies class. The topic is, "putting the natural back into birth". I wanted to ask you a few questions for my research, about your experience with home births and hospital births if you have had any. If there are any questions you do not feel like answering that is fine or if you have anything else to add, any feedback is great! Also if you know any mothers who would feel comfortable answering a few of these questions who have had a home birth or two that would be excellent!
Yesterday afternoon was also the deadline for bids on eBay from anyone wanting to buy last year’s Malcolm Hardee Award from winner Robert White, who could do with some hard cash. Yesterday morning, I got an e-mail from Robert:
For all its hilarity, The 14th Tale is a meditation on mortality and change, on the transition from childhood into adulthood that happens when suddenly "trouble" means something different from childish mischief-making. It's a beautifully modulated performance, punctuated by a clever but unobtrusive lighting design by Michael Nabarro, and wholly engrossing: 55 minutes vanishes in a flash. An unexpected gem.
Adler SP. Cytomegalovirus and child day care: evidence for an increased infection rate among day-care workers. N Engl J Med 1989; 321: 1290-1296.
worn by Kim, Curt & me
We scattered through palms and bamboo like kids! A misty hundred-foot waterfall careened onto a pool, dotted with butterflies. After gulping aguapanela, sugarcane in lemonwater, we hiked through hibiscus and banana trees to reach a second, hidden cascade. Jenna sipped honeysuckle stems and watched giant ants hauling leaves. Lunch silenced our constant chatter as we slurped sancocho – soup of yucca, corn, plantain, and cilantro. Our host commented, “La Virgen paso”, (The Virgin passes), a Colombian colloquialism for a sudden hush.
Beat the egg whites until they are frothy, then gradually beat in the sugar. Continue to beat until you get firm peaks.
What he needs now is more maturity (as a writer and person), and a better editor, to strip the chaff from his writing. Given how excellent some of his wordwork was in certain parts of Airplane, that would not have been - nor should it be - difficult. (Note that I'm not insulting his previous editors here - everyone has an opinion, obviously, and this review is mine. Nothing more, nothing less.)
"The Bonanza hosts more than 130 juried "junk" vendors of vintage finds, beautiful antiques, one-of-a-kind and artisan-repurposed pieces. The 2010 gathering included more than 10,000 visitors who found their special treasure at the three-day, indoor, event."
There was a section of my life where I was totally obsessed with my novel. Everyone in my immediate social circle was sick and tired of hearing about my book.
“Great,” said Anne, fixing my shirt collar and stroking my jumper down flat and respectable. She straightened herself, ditched her cigarette, and followed me in, the two of us looking like liberal bank workers or people with money pretending we had none. When the young girl heard us talking in English she glanced up and sang a big friendly “Bonjour!”
It's hard to know where to start, so I guess in the middle would be as good a place as any. When I began working as a special education teacher, I was also going to school to obtain my master's degree, as a condition of keeping my job. The lack of time, two kids to support, and a SO (significant other) who put all my art stuff into the attic made it all but impossible for me to make art. I rationalized it to myself this way: "What good is art, anyway? It doesn't bring in any money, and I'm completely broke. It doesn't mean a thing to most people, except maybe as a way to decorate their living rooms." I told myself, " It doesn't help anyone; no one needs art."
Colonel, USAF (MC)
The second way in which the Boston College subpoenas are dumb is because they are so politically stupid. Ostensibly, the subpoenas are in pursuit of the perpetrators of the murder of Jean McConville, but anyone who is familiar with the case knows that it is really about getting Gerry Adams who is alleged to have given the order to “disappear” Mrs McConville, an accused spy for the British Army.
Side-kick: Yeah, I would…
How does the quilt-along work? Over a 12-week period, 36 fabulously talented designers will be making 12″ blocks that you can make for free. You can pick and choose which blocks you want to make. Sash them, add borders, baste it, quilt it, and have it ready to give-away or keep for yourself this Christmas. Or you might want to use some of the blocks for a mini quilt, a table runner, bags, whatever you like.
When colluding with a psychopathic sexual predator even willing victims get pimped, swapped, gang banged and debased no matter what pseudo-philosophical or pseudo-literary justifications the psychopath offers for such sleazy and perverted ways. Eventually even their sleaziest partners get used up and tossed away by the psychopath like dirty condoms, when their use value is gone or when a a better target or opportunity comes up. As you make your bed, so you must lie in it. And if you choose to lie next to a psychopathic partner, then you will eventually wake up next to an individual who uses you, demeans you under the guise of compatibility and love and who will one day callously toss you away to replace you with a new trophy.
Om falls in love with one of the big stars of the time, Shantipriya or Shanti, played by Deepika Padukone. Naturally, since this is after all Bollywood, such a romance is destined to face obstacles, as Shantipriya is a big star and Om is a nobody.
Did he like her? It seemed like it. But Rachel couldn't begin to imagine how a guy like him could like a girl like her.
On wings made from love
As the scene shifts to Jerusalem, Absalom has entered the city and taken reign. At the advice of Ahithophel, Absalom pitches a tent on the roof and had sex with all of David’s concubines, in full sight of all Israel. Nathan’s prophecy in chapter 12 has been fulfilled!
And he carries the reminders of every glove
MAke points of your criticism of you kids
3 Tbsp corn syrup
It was too late to save her, when she was found.
Place completed kolaches on a well greased cookie sheet.
2.Characters
Many of the decisions at Sierra Nevada consider the environment. They currently use about 5:1 water to beer produced, including the restaurant. This is close to the stated goal of 3.5:1 by the larger American breweries and should continue to improve. There is a waste-water treatment plant on-site and I believe some of the gas produced there helps feed the Fuel Cells. An impressive solar array provides a large portion of their energy. A vegetable garden provides fresh produce to the restaurant. It is refreshing to see a company put this much effort into their true bottom line than focusing solely on profits (and many of these decisions may increase that aspect down the road as well). The long term outlook and Ken's mechanical aptitude provide a solid basis for Sierra Nevada's growth.
Have you not checked out his stamps, then do it.
There are some days when having children is a blessing. Days when you get to wake them up from their beds and they're groggy and smell like sleep and they smile at you. Days when you get to teach them something new and watch the wonder in their eyes. Days when you can just relax and watch them happily play at a park, without a care in the world. Days when you watch them accomplish something great and days when you realize you're doing a great job raising them.
When he met a family of grown unschoolers, he was sold on the idea. I think he just wanted to be reassured."
In any school of Wisdom and knowledge it was customary to introduce to the disciples first the “Minor Mysteries” and then the “Major Mysteries”, where the emphasis was given around the authority of the teachings. Undoubtedly, modern Christianity has lost its mystical and esoteric teachings and its effects have been observed especially among more educated people. It is no surprise that many intelligent and highly ethical people have strayed from the churches because of the current teachings of the church, as they regard them as contrary to their sense of morals or an attempt against their intelligence.
I love the set-up and the many open doors. Looking inside, I thought I saw Sidney Falco grabbing a quick dinner.
Visteon's UK business went into administration in 2009, leaving a £350m deficit in its pension scheme, claims Unite, which wants Ford to pay for the shortfall.
And just so you know, I just finished the amazing, awesome, completely brilliant and fabulous Lola and the Boy Next Door and told Katy, Jessica, and Tracey that we needed to start this blog fest ALL OVER so I could give it proper praise. Coolest nerd, quirkiest character, best parental figures, tie for best contemporary and I must must MUST add Cricket Bell to the boys I would date in high school. Seriously delightful read people. I LOVE this book!!!
* The views expressed here are the personal opinion of the columnist.
Welcome to the Butcher's Case, the new blog for Fleisher's Grass-Fed & Organic Meats. As you may have heard, we'll soon be opening a new shop in Park Slope, Brooklyn. The Butcher's Case will help our new neighbors in Brooklyn get familiar with what Fleisher's is all about and will also keep Fleisher's fans up to speed with what's going on at our flagship shop up in the Hudson Valley. Recipes, interviews, photos, videos — we plan to have all of that. Lots of old-timey butcher photos and other vintage meat ephemera, too, because we think those are fun.
and here it is after 3PM on a saturday...this is so not good....but, what can you do? or say? people will work out their issues because the doctor is definitely NOT IN!
“If passed, this Treaty will also impose an additional €6 billion in cuts and taxes on households and citizens struggling to survive at this time.
Lt. Col. Stephen Neil Hyland, 45, Burke, Va.
It was within this context that the ANC began to reach for "hegemony". Even if it could not have sole power, even if it had to be just one party competing against others, it would nonetheless demand a complete dominance over the entire system - and its culture. Straight away in 1990 its cadres fanned out, seeking control of the cultural commanding heights - of the universities, of the SABC, of the Human Sciences Research Council and, of course, of the press. It gained predominant control in the first three fairly quickly - but the problem was that ANC control was also profoundly destructive. Fairly soon the HSRC ceased to matter and most English-speakers just stopped listening to the SAFM English programme. Most of the old black tribal colleges either collapsed completely and had to be put under administration or were so close to that state as to positively repel students.
I am really into this dress though. I think the length is perfect for me (I'm 5ft 5") and I don't feel too much like a bridesmaid, which I often do in full skirts.
I can see how the ability to trust gets destroyed easily. But I always want to be a partner my lover can trust. Lemme say …..I’m worried. I don’t think I’m alone. I don’t see too many folks who have real trust in their partner. If that’s all there is …. I need to give my love to some other cause.
On the 15th day of October, 1846, while with the Camp of Israel building up Winter Quarters, on the west side of the Missouri River (then Indian country,) I passed through one of the most painful and serious misfortunes of my life. I took my ax and went two and a half miles upon the bluff to cut some shingle timber to cover my cabin. I was accompanied by two men. While felling the third tree, I stepped back of it some eight feet, where I thought I was entirely out of danger. There was, however, a crook in the tree, which, when the tree fell, struck a knoll and caused the tree to bound endwise back of the stump. As it bounded backwards, the butt end of the tree hit me in the breast, and knocked me back and above the ground several feet, against a standing oak. The falling tree followed me in its bounds and severely crushed me against the standing tree. I fell to the ground, alighting upon my feet. My left thigh and hip were badly bruised, also my left arm; my breastbone and three ribs on my left side were broken. I was bruised about my lungs, vitals and left side in a serious manner. After the accident I sat upon a log while Mr. John Garrison went a quarter of a mile and got my horse. Notwithstanding I was so badly hurt, I had to mount my horse and ride two and a half miles over an exceedingly rough road. On account of severe pain I had to dismount twice on my way home. My breast and vitals were so badly injured that at each step of the horse pain went through me like an arrow. I continued on horseback until I arrived at Turkey Creek, on the north side of Winter Quarters. I was then exhausted, and was taken off the horse and carried in a chair to my wagon. I was met in the street by Presidents Brigham Young, Heber C. Kimball, Willard Richards, and others, who assisted in carrying me to the wagon. Before placing me upon my bed they laid hands upon me, and in the name of the Lord rebuked the pain and distress, and said that I should live, and not die. I was then laid upon my bed in the wagon, as my cabin was not yet done. As. the apostles prophesied upon my head, so it came to pass ; I did not die. I employed no physician, but was administered to by the elders of Israel, and nursed by my wife. I lay upon my bed, unable to move until my breast-bone began to knit together on the ninth day. In about twenty days I began to walk, and in thirty days from the time I was hurt, I returned to my laborious employment.”
On the day I turned 26, I left Atlanta and drove south to New Orleans, for a week of high octane mojo-renewal. I had my rough mixes in tow.
Passing by the bad/I felt sorry for the man doing “foot run’
THE ARTIST'S EYE
Rog looked at the others with a shrug.
I’ve touched on this subject before: manifestation. When this morning’s windfall occurred, I realized I hadn’t intentionally been manifesting my desires for quite some time. Sure, I think wistfully about these things in passing, but it has been weeks—months, even—since I sat down and made a list of what I want to receive, and sent it with a grateful nod into the unknown. WE SHOULD BE DOING THIS EVERY WEEK! It doesn’t take much time out of your day, and it is so important. Think about it this way: the planet is getting more and more populated every day. The Universe has never been so inundated with requests. If you don’t put your nose to the grindstone, you might not get what you desire. Believe me, it’s worth it and you deserve it!
(Note: The directory /vol/examples/tutorial/ is an area to which everyone in the school has read and copy access. If you are from outside the University, you can grab a copy of the file here. Use ‘File/Save As..’ from the menu bar to save it into your unixstuffdirectory.)
Gonna get me a conscience,
3. Use club soda instead of water to make super fluffy pancakes. This works so well it is crazy. You really need to try this. The bubbles in the club soda make the pancakes light as air.
Who is this book for? First and foremost it was for himself. Publication was an afterthought. The best books I find are those written purely to exhaust the author’s need to get something out of his head and onto paper. Do I think that this is purely for those who have lost a child or even a loved one? No. Like the Amazon reviewer I’m not sure they would find any comfort in it but what they might find are the words to articulate how they feel. Not everyone is gifted with words. They feel the ache but apart from crying or lashing out they have no way of communicating it. And so they paw through books of quotes looking for other people’s words to say what they have no words to say. Thomése may ultimately be saying that words are inadequate but considering what he was working with – these wholly inadequate words – what he says is actually more than adequate.
Tossed with bamboo shoots, shallots and sliced red chilli, this was ideal with a bowl of steamed rice.
Oh, you foolish human mortals. In offering you this letter, we break our most sacred vow, which is to prevent you from learning of our existence. Whenever we watch one of your Hollywood films and someone says, “The universe is so vast that there must be more intelligent life out there,” everyone on our planet laughs hilariously. In fact, this line is a part of many movie-oriented drinking games on our planet. We find it delightful that you people are always congratulating yourselves on your “intelligence” yet can’t figure out that so many of us are hiding from you.
–My daughter’s models–
Back in the naughty noughties a fifty-one-year-old Baptist minister was found dead in his Alabama home wearing not one but two wet suits and sundry bits of exotic rubber underwear, with a dildo up his arse. (The cover-up of the doubly-covered-up deceased finally fell before a Freedom of Information Act request.)"
That's Australian law, apparently
K. Bull-Teevee
Then the problem of an open rucksack pocket, inflicted upon me by an airport related zip breakage, was addressed through MacGyver-like use of safety pins from the complimentary sewing kit. And finally, still full of optimism for the trip ahead but with my excitement tempered by delirious jet lag, I went to bed.
“People from all over the world seek treatment there,” she says.
The banking system isn’t corrupt, there are corrupt INDIVIDUALS in the banking system; just like there are corrupt individuals in countless other systems including government, religious organizations, educational institutions, charities, etc. You can’t blame a crisis caused by unethical behavior on an entire system, because just as there were predatory lenders who knew customers were potentially high risk for loan defaults, there are some ‘victims’ of this economic downfall who knew they bought more house than they could afford, who knew that they didn’t have true job ‘security’ but gambled with the odds anyway, who claimed to earn more than they actually had (and eventually they had more month than money). So unethical decisions from individuals caused our country to suffer these past few years.
Steve Jobs Garage, 2066 Crist Drive, Los Altos, CA
The truth about vaccines and disease outbreaks -allhidden from public view
55. Sound of Thunder
I have this one for a couple of years, yet it doesn't seem like it, as it takes just a touch of the roll on to make you smell as fab as a gorgeous garden at summer in midnight.
grilled cheese sandwich
This was too much for poor Ebony, who'd been sitting semi patiently at my feet.........
2. Friendly Lion Daydream
So, there is a book called The Summoning (Kelley Armstrong). It is a book about a fifteen year old girl named Chloe Saunders. One day she starts to see dead people. So she is sent to Lyle House, a “special home” for troubled teens. Chloe isn’t the only ‘gifted’ person at Lyle House. (First book in The Darkest Powers series!!). http://www.chloesaunders.com./ and another site… http://www.kelleyarmstrong.com/aSummon.htm. (Check it out! I loved it, so did my friends)
When someone mentions my father, I feel hate. I feel anger. I feel pain. I feel abandoned, and left. Most of all I feel nothing for him. All my life people have told me that our time on earth is too short, and that I should make amends with him. They tell me I will regret the lack of relationship, once he is gone. Gone? He has always been GONE. I'm angry that people put this responsibility on me.Where has he been?
I could do so many things
loyal slaves turn into masters of this reality
-picking up dog poop...weeding...things kids REALLY don't want to do...I think they'll get the point after having to pick something to do out of that jar.
HEALING REVIVAL
J: You don’t seem to know the difference between a rage/flame war and an actual debate, hence why you are terrible at it. Honestly, you are. I don’t see why you think that what you can say can actually sway me when you yourself have admitted that you barely understand the bible.
They are super easy and insanely cute!
Faith isn't about the Science, but there are some intriguing ideas here in that regard. It is a smart, thoughtful exploration of humanity and how far obsessions can take us. So the back story. A few centuries ago a mysterious ship nicknamed "Faith" attacked the space faring Sakhran Empire (vaguely lizard-like humanoids) causing their society to pull back technologically. No one knows what Faith is exactly. Is it even like a normal ship with a crew or some kind of space-born creature? That mystery alone pulled me in and gave off a very strong Star Trek vibe. Faith is what you might get if Joe Abercrombie turned his dark skills to Science Fiction after reading a few Robert J. Sawyer novels and seeing a few too many Q episodes of Star Trek. This isn't a hard Sci-Fi read by any stretch, but that should help pull in the more fringe readers who fear something too technical and just want a totally enthralling story.
This month Jill and Mel gave us Bo Bunny ranges to work with and I had the absolutely stunning Country Garden . I cannot believe that I cut the butterflies from every sheet of paper to make this layout, which was the first project I made this month - leaving myself without a single whole sheet of paper to finish my DT work with!
You know what The Man likes? Get your head out of the gutter, we're talking about baked goods here. The Man is INSANE for a combination involving all those spice-cakey spices (ie; cinnamon, nutmeg, cloves, etc) and chocolate. He thinks it's right on. He also loves any baked good in a loaf form. I could take chocolate chip cookie dough, bake it in a loaf pan...he'd be happy. I could probably make a pumpkin pie -- in a loaf pan...he'd be happy. I don't know what it is about the loaf pan, or that combo of cinnamon and chocolate. Me? I like cheddar cheese melted all over pretty much everything, but like I said, we're talking about cakes.
Each person can enter 3 times.
Until Blossom."
You have three chances to enter this giveaway.
Rich, odd, bombastically self-confident, unconcerned with what anyone thought of him. He wasn’t often right, but he always had a very strong opinion that he was eager to share. More important than being right, he made us think. … He’s also so far been proven wrong about the immediacy of Peak Oil and its dire aftermath of $500 crude and total societal collapse. It might yet happen, and if it does let’s hope that the downslope is gentler on us than it would have been had we not heard Simmons’ Cassandra calls.
(She moved in circles, and those circles moved).
As French people go to vote, hopefully to vote out the disgusting racist scumbag Sarkozy, and put in office the affable and dour, polite, but de facto representing only somewhat less racist policies Hollande, who will continue the austerity program required by the speculators while pretending to be a socialist, the following op-ed in Le Monde by communist (and former Maoist) philosopher Alain Badiou is useful in clarifying some of the mysteries of lepenism to the non-French reading public.
And no one sees the pedestal. They want food, love, attention, time, clean dishes... They don't ask if you'd like to sleep in, or eat this bag of cookies, or stay up late with your friends, or learn to knit, or soak in the hot tub, or read in peace. And more importantly, they don't tell you how awesome you are.
I said above that this happened in real life. It's true.
Celebrate the first day of SPRING with me! We'll be making 3 fabulous 3D projects and 2 cards. Get a little inspiration for Easter Basket fillers and more.
Here's some advice and consider it well, don't STEP on the people that lay the foundation to you're books; the writers, the artists ... without them you've got nothing. Oh and send me my royalties ... it'll be a great reminder of this whole little red herring! I hope someday, that someone treats you like how you treat others. I look forward in warning others about your lack of ethics where ever I can.
For which I would not give a fig!
$10,000 in Prizes
My name is Marie, and I am the Mod Farmgirl. I live on a ranch in North Dakota with my husband, our 150 cows, and 3 dogs. In my free time I love surfing the web for crafty blogs full of inspiration and "eye candy". I love being inspired by other's creativity and things around me. I hope you enjoy my blog!
I see young kids with these Geordi LaForge-like things on their dumb faces. They’re meandering around, glassy-eyed, paying even less attention to each other and my world which they are obviously teaming up to destroy slowly on me. Then, I think… at least they’re outside.
These monsters around you are NOT to be glorified and
Answer: I think we were successful in obtaining a large audience in such a short amount of time because of our authenticity, our writings where we’ve never published anything we wouldn’t want to read ourselves, but the most important thing we did was add value to peoples lives. Ultimately we knew that if we didn’t add value to peoples lives we wouldn’t have gotten anywhere.
If I use 1/8 cup per load, I'll get 104 loads at .07 per load. Cheaper than my .10 a load for normal detergent BUT are my clothes going to be clean?
David began learning the photographic craft. He sold his first journalistic photos while in middle school. He won his first photographic award in college.
Yes, I have been a little indecisive, but there are still some good things going on in this room. First let's take a look at where it started.
After that, there’s foundation (a layer on top of your skin, that looks like your skin and feels like your skin, but isn’t your skin), concealer (this also goes on your face, but for some reason is green), lipstick, lip liner, lip gloss, eye shadow, face powder, blush, bronzer, mascara (a torture device used to poke out eyes of enemy soldiers), to name a few.
While in Italy Elizabeth Seton became attracted to Catholicism and she converted in 1805. Because of anti-Catholic prejudice, she wasn’t allowed to open a school in the United States, but she did find a teaching position at a Protestant school, though it soon closed. She opened a boarding house for pupils at an Episcopalian school, but parents soon started withdrawing their children, fearing Seton would be a bad influence. Finally, in 1808, she was invited to Baltimore to open the first parochial school in the United States.
if you are interested. I will tell you up front the FB page is very neglected. Hopefully, that will change after the first of the year....
I must assure you that this transaction is 100% risk free to you before and after it is been completed .All I require from you is your maximum co-operation to enable this transaction sail through,the total amount is in united state dollar.
It was SUCH a blessing, this home, these Landlords we have, the location everything about it has been a HUGE blessing from a loving Father in Heaven who knew our situation and our needs and blessed us more than we could have asked for.
Rest assured, I will continue to share my infrequent adventures in crafting and cooking here. But I hope you'll also join me on my new journey! It wouldn't have been possible without you.
The irony! Since the late 1990s a number of academics, consultants, professional associations and think tanks have been making the case for the introduction of Tax Increment Financing (TIF) into the UK. This is a model based on debt-creation whereby a political entity – such as a local government – establishes a project area, sometimes on its own, sometimes through consultation with business, community and neighbourhood groups. The property taxes (business rates in the UK) in the project area are then frozen. The local government then borrows money against the project ‘uplift’ or ‘increment’, on the basis that if they spend the borrowed money on clean up, infrastructure, and other upfront activities then developers will come in and, well, develop! The belief is that this will lead to an increase in property values (business rates in the UK) and this ‘increment’ will go to the political entity to pay off the debt and to reinvest in the project area. After a period of time – normally around twenty five years – the debt will have been paid off, the project area gets dissolved and the property tax returns to going to the normal taxing authorities.
Size: 117, 70 Mb
It was however Marcelo who was pushing forward well on the left being complemented by Mezuit Ozil. At crucial points of the match, Gomez proved too wasteful as the Real defence was being continuously curved open in the middle.
Method Two – Converting part of Compensation Package
Or at the casement seen her stand?
Keyboards - Roedelius* , Rother*
2010.08.24 Mali Bamako 1 0 An older pensioner taken prisoner by al-Qaeda is murdered in captivity.
Dirk thinks it's from a deer. But what creature left it??? And how did it take down a deer??? I'm very curious.... and only slightly creeped out.
January 2001 – After Rob’s Death
Welcome to the 26th Knick of Time Tuesday party.
Red indicates force, vigour and energy. Dark reds indicate a high temper and is a symbol of nervous turmoil. A lighter red indicates a nervous, impulsive, very active person, one who is probably self-centered. Scarlet indicates an overdose of ego. Pink or coral is the colour of immaturity, frequently seen in young people. In all cases of red there is a tendency to nervous troubles.
(Its 5 foot and weighs 25 kilos, and we lugged it across five countires, getting it home)
Which is unusual cos aside from a few mini kiddie intensives this is a quiet time for me.
The other project is my second Ishbel. It is knit from Madelinetosh Tosh Sock yarn which is also very soft but not quite as soft as the above mentioned yarn. I ran out of yarn on the last lace section because I was trying to knit the larger of the lace patterns. Searching online for the same yarn was not getting me anywhere. I found a sweet person on Ravelry that had one skein to spare and thanks to her, I was able to finally finish it. I am still amazed what blocking does to lace and it is fun to see the finished results.
There's clearly much research in the way the whole piece is constructed and those who spend time on the topics will be able to take the debate much further than the 80 minutes allowed. It's still a powerful way to approach the topic and register some of the baseline points.
The new law also provides resources to enhance cooperation among tribal, state and federal agencies, authorizes tribal police to make arrests for all crimes committed on reservations, provides tribal police more access to national criminal history databases, improves collection of reservation crime data, increases resources for dealing with domestic and sexual violence, increases training opportunities and seeks to increase the pools of potential Bureau of Indian Affairs law enforcement officers by upping the age limit from 35 to 46 and expediting background checks for potential peace and correctional officers.
In the end I did 18 miles at an average pace around 10:15. I had hoped for under 10 minutes but also wanted to keep to an easy, sustainable pace. My average was really messed up by my first mile which was over 12 minutes. I am still puzzled by this. Typically my most sluggish, leaden first mile under poor conditions is not too much over 11 minutes. I don't know when I've last run a 12 minute mile (except on trails) without snow and ice on the ground. And on this day the conditions were great and my legs felt fine...more like a 10:30 warm-up pace. Mile 2 was in fact 10:30, and the rest were around 10 minutes, give or take. So that first mile really messed up the average. I don't know if it was the Garmin, or me.
“I can’t sell it now – it’s damaged. And you touched me in an inappropriate place. I know my rights!”
Glowing praise and wonderful words indeed.
· Regularly change the course, for new requirements
I encourage you to buy this amazing deck. My clients love it. Jennifer and her art students have created something unique and very special. They can be purchased at cost $20.00 as a professional courtesy, tax deductible from JennyHereth@gmail.com or online through http://iartistsinfluence.org/#home for $50.00 tax deductible thru Paypal. 100% of the profits go to teem projects. Shipping is free.
While the pasta cooks, heat the milk in a small saucepan, but don't boil it. Melt 6 tablespoons of butter in a large (4-quart) pot and add the flour. Cook over low heat for 2 minutes, stirring with a whisk. While whisking, add the hot milk and cook for a minute or two more, until thickened and smooth. Off the heat, add the Gruyere, Cheddar, 1 tablespoon salt, pepper, and nutmeg. Add the cooked macaroni and stir well. Pour into a 3-quart baking dish.
Therapist: Wow. How did you find out? How did they respond? Luckily most of our chat is gchat, still though, there has been quite a bit via text, including a photo of his punch of your face.
of her invisible hand
This was meant to be a New Year's Eve post, but we lost our Internet connection in the early evening. When Hubby called about it, he was informed that most of Atlantic Canada was down, as was some of Ontario. That sent him running to his phone to make there was no global catastrophe, and me running to the calendar to make sure that it wasn't 1999.
- Remembering my Fortune. Not in a Pollyanna, everything-is-wonderful-all-the-time kind of way, but consciously thinking about the good things in my life. A reminder of how fortunate we are, from Danniel Dennet’s Freedom Evolves:
I am just as ordinary as ordinary people are.
Below are examples of archetypal ratings adjustment and size. Both the Batman Begins DVD (left) and the PS2 bold (right) are apparent with their corresponding ratings emphasis in red as they arise on both the characterization and disc. Click on the thumbnail images for beyond versions:
United States Courthouse
Fresh or frozen lemongrass- 1/2 a stalk
Any time Mitch is finishing work early, he will text or call.
What a pity the mbeki family did not forward this one to be president instead of old tarboy! He actually seems to have a lot of good thoughts, well informed and yes clever. Moeletsi for President.
For my last official NaBloPo post I am doing the Monthly Wrap Up for April. I had so much fun with NaBloPoMo and it has really helped me get more into personal blogging. Some ideas I explored during NaBloPoMo may become regular fixtures here at 512 Kidz. Such as Manic Monday, Tasty Tuesday, Wordless Wednesday/Sepia Scenes, Shelf Share Thursday, Aloha Friday, 6 Degrees of Blogging, and the Monthly Wrap Up. I may not post each topic every day of the week but whenever I have time for blogging or when something strikes my fancy, I will post. Thanks for all your wonderful comments!
Would Congress stand by and allow its powers be usurped? Imagine yourself a Senator or Representative fearful of arrest and detention. Rounding up all 435 members would not be a difficult task.
guess interesting people don't sell!
This doesn't mean the situation cannot deteriorate. There are ways it could deteriorate seriously.
The Bird Man asks Ava if her sister is like "the war chief Osceola" to which Ava says "Oh, no! She wears barrettes and stuff. She's a real girl-girl. She's not like us."
Wow, such eerily prophetic words from the pop-glam R&B studs. Has anyone ever considered that Bobby is essentially an R&B Nostradamus?
Color me pleasantly surprised, then, when I ended up really liking the show. I’m certain that I’m automatically biased when watching this show. I’m a twenty-something who spent her post-college years in New York City, working unpaid internships, while trying to to figure out what I want to do with the rest of my life. Basically, the past six years of my life have not been too far from the concept of this show. And so it’s nice to see that I was not alone in floundering in misspent youth.
If I’m completely real, which I guess is all I know how to be, since I’ve never been great at pretending, I have no idea what is going to happen. And the adventurer in me is ready for it, but the rest of me is not.
This old pattern is so adorable. Roses and love letters!
The most powerful secret organization in the world is the Bilderberg Group, organized in 1952 and named after the hotel where its first meeting took place in 1954.
I would love to give this another try before the season is over. Maybe for dessert when we are carving pumpkins for Halloween!
The chicken was awesome. Marinate was very nicely done. Beautifully crisp on the outiside, juicy on the inside. Nice. The roasted peanuts and crisp anchovies provided some crunch. And the chilli was sweet, with a tinge of heat.
In my mind, all I could think about was childbirth.
Personal Space; the behavioral basis of design, by Robert Sommer. A must-read for any architecture, exhibition, or interior, design student. A very interesting study on the impact of people on design, and design on people.
We have put a fair amount of work in this week, job well done! Be well this weekend and ENJOY!!!
I have a quick flick through my recent scripts. The latest is the thing I'm doing for BBC4 is this 18th century adaptation, filled with whores*, booze and slapstick (mainly comprised of the protagonist falling over whilst in the middle of booze). It is wildly unsuitable. But it is also, I reckon, quite funny. And half an hour long.
In new research she describes a Northern Europe that, as a result of a changing climate, will be attractive enough to entice skilled migrants to choose locations such as France, Germany, England, and Northern Italy over the heat sinks and increased flooding that is predicted to occur in Asia. These migrants include refugees moving out of environmentally challenged areas, as well as skilled workers leaving developing countries–such as those in an increasingly warm and flooding Asia–who are looking for a profitable place to set up a new home. And that increase in skilled workers could be enough to save the flagging economies of Northern Europe.
Mr. Darcy dog
The Bank pointed out that arrest is governed by 24(5) of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984, which provides strict conditions which have to be satisfied before a person may be arrested without a warrant. These include where the identity of the person arrested is unknown, where arrest is necessary to prevent a person suffering injury, or to prevent loss of or damage to property, to prevent an offence against public decency or unlawful obstruction of the highway, or harm to a child or a vulnerable person, or to allow prompt investigation of the offence
Just this week, top executives at Fannie and Freddie found themselves drawing fire on Capitol Hill for trying to distribute nearly $13 million in bonuses to key employees.
So thanks to the kind folks at October Afternoon our first two CHA Blog Candys will be a set of papers from either of the new ranges due shortly, leave a comment and we will pick two lucky winners who will win either "5 & Dime" or "Rocket Age" and will be first in the UK to get them...even before we have our delivery !!!
I really enjoyed this book and it was a real page turner. I thought that the characters were developed and you really felt connected to Daisy, the main character. You really felt bad for her because of the situation that she got herself into with telling just one lie.
Join me today over at With a Meek Heart where I'm discussing the reasons as to why I can't work in Ireland. It makes about as much sense as their lottery odds.
– Ah, jolly good. Another loose end tied up. Pass on my regards to those responsible, would you? Usual nonsense, hamper, bottle of bubbly, that sort of thing.
Oh well tomorrow I will sleep in. Today though, when I stepped on the scale it finally moved down a 1 lb. Yeah, lets keep that momentum. Yesterday I went for a new walk, down a different path. I know, I am a wild woman. Woot Woot. It was kinda cool, I walked and saw new sites. I agree, my life is very boring. I text paged my friend (the RN) who's office is next door to mine. I told her to look out her back window. I was across the canyon and I waved to her. She texted back to flash her. LOL, crazy lady.
Since 1996 the Convention of Bosniaks in North America has been held annually in cities such as Toronto, Chicago, New York, Seattle, St. Louis and Phoenix. This year, 10,000 Bosniaks from North America and Bosnia and Herzegovina will gather in Bowling Green between May 25 and May 27. The convention will feature a variety of social, music, culinary, religious and athletic events coupled with the dedication of the new Bosnian Islamic Center on Blue Level Road in Bowling Green.
This is what Johanne wrote me recently,
P: Depends on what is for dinner.
I am traveling when the collection closes (this is scheduled) and unable to draw the winner from the Christmas lights challenge and post it on here as I normally do. Therefore I will draw the winner and make a second post sometime Wednesday with the winner.
I think it has some echo of the villain’s lair in The Spy Who Loved Me crossed with the Martian tripods in War of The Worlds – someone else who saw it just thought it might attract foxes.
Like I said, I wouldn’t wish bad things like foreclosure and job loss on anyone, but there are consequences to your actions. I’m just glad the animals are now being fed and cared for and that people are lining up to give them good homes. All I did was complain in this scenario, but other people stepped in to take care of the animals and to report the abuse. Good deeds all around.
I worked with a vintage negative, which I layered on top of a vintage letter to give it some texture and to help the image show up a little bit better.
God help me, I’m starting to feel positively giddy. Somebody needs to talk me down before I do something stupid.
The restaurant is going quite well. I was on the pantry line (salads & desserts, a few cold and hot appetizers) for a bit of time, and last week I started training at the grill station. I'm having tons of fun, and learning a hell of a lot! Which is the whole point of all of this!
Congrats to Domestic Diva on winning the $45 gift card! She wants to buy this blanket. Hope you stay warm and cozy in that! Email me at safirecat@gmail.com in 48 hours or I will pick a new winner.
“Nostradamus is the name under which several people have accustomed their spirit to outputting their delusional fantasies” Henri de Sponde, 1656
Incidents where turn out to be rakeback affiliates plus they give incentives to players to indicator track of poker rooms by way of their sites. Players shell out the entrance charge as well as the affiliate promises to provide some of the funds back again. The affiliate gets his commission in the poker room and he passes of a part of his commission to the player. This means the player gets 25-35% cash back by way of the affiliate.
A wide assortment of new and rare books
Here are some bright and colorful collections to liven up your weekend. Holiday gift giving is right around the corner and any of these fantastic items could be perfect for someone on your list.
6For the LORD knows the way of the righteous, But the way of the wicked will perish.
I think most of my posts from FOB Apache have included at least one picture of Alexander the Great’s Castle. It really is an impressive sight sitting near the floor of the Tarnak River valley in Qalat. When you consider it was built some 2000 years ago and has been used as a military fortress every since, it only adds to the mystique. It is currently used by the Afghan National Army (ANA).
As things become extremely desperate he makes a tourniquet for his arm and attempts to cut through his flesh, this fails. The weather conditions worsen and he is almost drowned by flooding in the canyon caused by the torrential rain. In a dream we see him escape and his girlfriend reject him, but alas…it was just a dream!
I used stamps from Pink By Design from Take the Cake set.
I ask for a month opt out. ( December) They say yes. They take the money in December anyway and then try to take the next due payments 10 days after that. I phone up to point out we cannot pay 4 fuel payments in less then a fortnight and they agreed to change the direct debit date to the end of January ( only they don't). I phone again when I realise by looking online they haven't and they advise me to cancel the direct debit as they have requested the money and it's too late to stop it, so I do. They take the money from the credit on the account anyway. Only £50 more on both. Why? The computer did it apparently. They had no other answer or any solution. It's is like going in my purse as it was our money. So we have still ending up paying more than 4 lots in a fortnight and the direct debit is still going out on the same day. Moral to this is don't take an opt out even if they say you can. Unbelievable.
As the whistle blew, head coach Datuk Rajagopal was seen waking up from his nap and going onto the field, consoling the Arsenal players, who were mostly crying their eyes out and collapsing in shame.
The part about Wall Street being a very cold place full of personally unsatisfied people is almost never discussed publicly. It’s just the money that gets discussed.
ASIA
Or weeding in the garden,
For participants from: YOUTH IN ACTION PROGRAMME COUNTRIES, NEIGHBOURING PARTNER COUNTRIES, OTHERS
On-Point was awarded a R51m tender by the Limpopo roads and transport department in 2009 to manage a “project management unit” that designs, implements and oversees roads projects in the province.
Let say if the Perbadanan Kelantan is led by a person of in-law to Chua Soi Lek, and he sponsors Datuk Chua for a vacation to Italy (coz I really want to go to Rome) worht RM60 000. And plus, he uses the money for gambling. Will you say it is a corruption?
The Tachotype makes use of the fact that most syllables start with a consonant, followed by a vowel and end with another consonant. On the left side of the keyboard are the most used consonants, in the middle are the vowels and on the right side another set of consonants. You can type several letters at once, after which the line will go one space down, and a new syllable can be typed. Because Den Outer didn't want to make his keyboard too complicated, he left out some letters, like the "d". In order to type a "d", you have to type "tj". For an example, see Martin (1949), p. 422. The advantage of the Tachotype above other stenotypers is that you actually type real text, and not some kind of code.
‘Oh, that’s great, dear. I tried to write a book once about my arthritis.’
For mony a beast to dead she shot,
3 stalks spring onion ( shredded )
- Experiment with different avenues of healing. Conventional medicine is of minimal use, since the system is set up to offer short doctor’s visits followed by a pat on the back and a prescription. The healing arts cover a vast field, and there is wisdom out there that you should seek to take advantage of. Don’t give up early or easily.
He perched across from her. “You can leave, then ma’am. I’ll take over from here.”
Fear of Fiction (I’m loving Oriel and her blog so much. The most recent example of her powers of awesomeness is a post about being stalked by plastic carrier bag that made me spurt tea out of my nose. Oriel completely rules!)
Wondering sigh
These are the Sophomore awardees:
2. Surround my colleague in bright pink loving light, within a bubble.Hand the bubble over to God. This is to make sure that I allow her to deal with all her issues herself, as I do tend to take on other people’s problems.
Breathe deep.
And finally... is there more to come about Lia? Fast cars? Dodgy boyfriends after her money? Surely the problems of wealth haven't gone away?
Though we were heading out when I saw it in the mailbox, I just took it with me and explored it while waiting for our orders at Serenitea. Here are some things that I noticed, some changes to the 2011 version.
His story touched me yesterday when he told me about it. Today, at the end of the day he teared up, as we were preparing to go. He spoke of how lucky he was to have found her.
WEbook's new TOU makes no reference to what rights authors will have to grant, saying only that if WEbook chooses to publish a work, "the parties will have to negotiate a publishing contract with a variety of other terms." Has WEbook re-thought its draconian copyright policy, or is it just no longer mentioning the policy in public? I can't help wondering what surprises lurk in the WEbook publishing contract.
My mother never, ever enjoys what she gets in restaurants. No matter how good the food is, there is always something not quite right with it, if she enjoyed the fish, the potatoes were not right, too lumpy, too seasoned, too hot, too cold, too something. She would always leave most of her dinner uneaten and then we would have to have the conversation with the waiter, obviously she wouldn't complain about anything but she would make us explain that the food was lovely but she's just not a big eater, that's what she likes us to say. I just wanted to say sorry, she's a bit mental and fussy and she hates seasoning and any kind of taste in food at all, she only wants things to taste like porridge.
Some 303,959 primary care physicians are members of either an independent practice association or a physician hospital organization, according to our research for the National Directory of Physician Organizations Database.
After glueing my heart to the center of the card,
Another thing...if you want to add calories, put some butter or cream in it. It defeats the purpose of having hardly any calories, but...your guests will think you are a master chef!
so smooth to my touch,
Resistencia, Argentina
"They should change our name to the Brent BEAR Band," Koko pointed out, "because we're about to pull a grizzly on their asses."
It’s not that I’m entirely opposed to gift giving. I think that some gift giving can be positive. It just seems to me that there is too much emphasis placed on how much we have, and not enough on who we are. More importantly, I feel strongly about living in a world that connects with each other on a more spiritual and purposeful level. Gadgets are fun, but I don’t want them to become the center of my life this holiday season, or any other time of the year for that matter. I guess, “Diamonds are not this girl’s best friend.” That being said, it is possible to include charity into gift giving. For example, I have a bracelet that I love to wear every day. It’s a bracelet with purpose. I bought it to help raise awareness about the needless annual slaughter of dolphins in Japan. The bracelet says, “Save Japan Dolphins.” A portion of the proceeds goes directly to the charity to help save the dolphins. It makes a great gift idea, and it also has purpose. By the way, for those who want to learn more about this horrific problem, just click this link to Save Japan Dolphins.
However, when we tried to search the location with our car, we couldn't hear the music any longer. We just drove around the campus and this college is huge! It felt like a whole mountain was the campus of this college. It is very green and beautiful college.
Another way to prepare this recipe would be to bake it as a one-crust pie, and add a streusel topping, which would moderate the tartness of the filling somewhat.
... I can't explain this properly. But i think i've ended up a far more responsive, confident mum than i would otherwise have been.
Hair styles are one thing that go in and out of style before you even walk out the door the your latest hair appointment. I’ve seen it all. As someone who is particularly OCD about their hair, I find comfort in paying too much for a haircut in order to feel like I am
On saying grace – “Oh, it isn’t necessary… there’s nothing wrong with my food.”
For businesses from these nations to now come and strip them of this land, without giving any compensation in most cases, is seen as highly disrespectful and has provoked much anger towards not only the businesses themselves but also the Western governments.
AHHH.. its taste is horrible, mainly if it touchs my back part of my tongue ... one of its contents is so sweeeeet, sickening sweety, I couldn't imagine to drink it with honey as it is suggested on the box.... On the very first day, when I tired out this tea, I even shivered with cold as I drank it, I thought that I wouldn't be able to drink 3 mugs from it, and I didn't do that at all, but yesterday, maybe I accustomed to its strange taste, I drank 2 mugs, and today I did 3 mugs!! I am so proud of myself... :))
Luckily for me, Katie inherited that gift in the kitchen, so the legacy of good food will continue in our house.
The theme for this month is more powerful than any so far. Quiet time, being strong, infinite supply and spending time with nature were all themes that prepared me for this month. I am a channel for Divine healing power. No idea what that looks like yet but I’m on a journey and the destination is not yet in sight. I’m just trusting that each step is carrying me in the right direction. I trust my intuition a lot more and I’m doing what feels right. I’m no longer choosing to ignore the stuff that doesn’t feel right. I’m not ignoring the logical part of my thinking, but I’m allowing the intuitive part to manifest itself more. Already I am feeling more balanced and much less out of control.
My dad once said, when I asked him about death and the afterlife, that "If you try to make a heaven of Earth, you'll have nothing to worry about."
Journaling: My witch and cowgirl is excited to get some treats
In an attempt to end trivial claims, future claimants will have to show that material has caused them ‘serious harm’. And those from outside the EU will face new hurdles before they can bring a claim in London.
Healing may not be so much about getting better, as about letting go of everything that isn't you - all of the expectations, all of the beliefs - and becoming who you are. -- Rachel Naomi Remen
"I am half sick of shadows," said
Importantly, I don't just believe, I know for an absolute certainty; that silly stupid inaccuracies about guns in pop culture, are a large portion of the cause of the silly stupid laws and regulations made around guns; said laws and regulations mostly written by, and voted for by, people who don't know any better.
-Corey. Throws a boney taco party.
And yet. Browsing the internet for opinion on the matter, we meet a mass of peremptory protest, which I must now counter-protest. Different than is not grammatically incorrect, nor can it be dismissed as a common grammar error or an eyebrow-raising gaffe, let alone one of the 10 dumbest grammar mistakes. It is neither a nasty and glaring error nor a flagrant grammar mistake that makes you look stupid or dumb. You may call different than abominable, but this is a matter of taste. You may call it ignorant, but you would be wrong, and unaware of the unfortunate irony.
Welcome poverty
“The medical examiner opined that the cause of death was blunt force trauma to the head and that she was alive during the beating.
This giveaway will end on May 31, 2010
18. Kenny Vance - Parker's Band
After lunch was a tour of the R&D labs. We passed around some swabs of pure aromas (myrcene, DMS, and some others). What better way to top off a great day of tastings than to test our sensory perception? We proceeded to Sensory and were separated in tasting booths to attempt two triangle tests. The first test was 2 fresh Pale Ale samples and 1 spiked with Skunky mercaptans. My fatigued palate failed to identify this one correctly (or maybe I just liked that skunky aroma?) but I successfully detected the next test which was an aged sample. Our group reassembled for a preference test and we picked the pub-only Pale Ale over the Draft Pale Ale by a 6-4 margin in a blind taste (I preferred the malty balance of the Draft at this point in the day).
What about you? Do you exercise? Belong to a gym? What's your favor class or piece of gym equipment?
However, as a step forward, for the sake of those children who come from homes without books, then the challenge for the schools in England and Wales to come up with polices, the nationwide discussions that would arise on how best to do this, plus the knock-on effect that this would have on teacher training, I feel that this is the best next step to take.
If you are not sure, you can do the water test where you take a bowl of water and dip a fork into the sugar then into the water. If it hardens then it's good. You could also use a candy thermometer and wait until it reaches 300 degrees but I think it's too much to clean up for this recipe.
Her friendship which I have treasured for years has now become a living breathing relationship.
“The Lord your God will then make you successful in everything you do. He will give you many children and numerous livestock, and he will cause your fields to produce abundant harvests, for the Lord will again delight in being good to you as he was to your ancestors. The Lord your God will delight in you if you obey his voice and keep the commands and decrees written in this Book of Instruction, and if you turn to the Lord your God with all your heart and soul.”
Mumbai is a city of contrasts. Incredible wealth is yards away from indefensible poverty. New buildings are being constructed at an exceptional rate while most are unloved and falling down (according to a news report 34 buildings have actually collapsed in the last two years within the city, several with people still living in them). The city is full of cars, but within easy range is a hill fort area which allows no motor vehicles at all. On the pavement in front of a shop selling gold you may well find a small boy selling sandals. There are magnificent beaches, but nothing would persuade me to go into the sea (locals don't have the same problem). It is a deeply religious city, although it hasn't chosen one yet - you'll find small well tended shrines all over the place, as well as churches and temples. Public holidays are selected from each of the main religions. (At the moment cricket is probably the leading religion.) Only one thing has not had a contrast - the weather has been in the upper 30s pretty much every day and dry. Even that is only because I haven't been here long enough - in July there will be more rain in this city than London has in a whole year (and London is not a notoriously dry city).
However this does not discount the rear wing is also being blown and stalled by the DRS duct, but I have yet to see any evidence of slots in the underside of the rear wing profiles or endplates. AUTOSPORT reported these were seen in testing, so perhaps there remains the chance the system could be used for both wing front and rear.
Kocurek started off the evening off with Venison Prosciutto wrapped around Juniper-Canteloupe Geleé, Cheek-to-Cheek Terrine (Confit of Pig Jowl & Beef Cheeks braised in Red Wine) topped with Italian Fruit Mustardo and Port Wine Reduction, Pâté de Campagne topped with Caraway Mustard, and Shrimp and Crawfish Boudin Blanc on a bed of Bacon Leek Ragout with Sauce Americaine. I especially liked the venison prosciutto wrapped around juniper-canteloupe gelee. It had the flavors of prosciutto wrapped melon, and the texture of something exotic. The other favorite was the shrimp and crawfish boudin blanc on a bed of bacon leek ragout with sauce (not pictured). It was a fancy version of Louisiana flavors served in a bite.
It is no exaggeration to say that the fate of Japan and the whole world depends on NO.4 reactor. This is confirmed by most reliable experts like Dr. Arnie Gundersen.
I also discovered there are slight variations in the recipe: Dorie Greenspan makes hers with extra virgin olive oil, others use vegetable oil, and some dress up the cake with almonds, or raspberry filling.
Yep, stupid question. A better question, of course, is who the lucky men will be, and how it will all pan out; a relatively happy ending is never in doubt. Of course, there are many twists and turns before we find the answer, and we have ample opportunity to observe the two girls and marvel at their opposing attitudes to life. Elinor's clear-headed, over-cautious approach clashes at all points with Marianne's uncompromising quest for the perfect romance...
I’ll try not to bore you, because I need you to keep reading. Here’s the short and sweet explanation of the psychology behind it all. There are two explanations for the stories I’ve told you, I will call them ‘group psychology’ and ‘fellow witness psychology’:
When I got up last night to get ready to go to work, there was a dozen red roses in a vase on the Kitchen counter and a card from Joe.....
Starting with books that a parent can share with pre-schoolers, reading to them, or for early readers, there’s a new addition to the popular “Chester Raccoon” series. A Color Game for Chester Raccoon by Audrey Penn, illustrated by Barbara L. Gibson ($7.95, Tanglewood) it is made to survive the often rough handling the very young give a book. Its great artwork and text provides an introduction to different colors. The Animal Masquerade by Marianne Dubuc ($16.95, Kids Can Press) is a fanciful tale of animals that disguise themselves as other creatures, providing an introduction to different creatures in a very entertaining way. A very amusing story is told in The Klampie Mystery by Luis Rodriguez ($14.95, Mascot Books) about Samantha who gets a life-sized stuffed Koala toy whose arms clamp onto anything. When her family takes a trip to Australia, she takes the toy named Klamie along and there the fun begins when a real koala replaces it. A growing concern among parents is the way video games and electronic devices not only keep kids indoors, but ill-serve the development of their imagination, a key factor in creativity. That’s why I liked One Day I Went Rambling by Kelly Bennett, illustrated by Terri Murphy ($17.95, Bright Sky Press) for those ages 5-8. It is about a boy who finds all kinds of things while playing outside and how his imagination converts them into things like a pirate’s magic ring. This is a great book for the very young. Kids are naturally fascinated by all living creatures and that can include insects. Bug Off! Creepy, Crawly Poems by Jane Yolen, illustrated by some great photos by Jason Stemple ($16.95, WordSong, an imprint of Boyds Mills Press, Honesdale, PA) is an excellent introduction to bees, butterflies, ants, spiders and other common insects.
6. Roy Ayers - Rock Your Roll
I encourage you to make the same commitment with your family that we have made-----get outside each and every weekend that you are able and explore the area where you live, the place you call home. Do a little research about what your county has to offer; you might be surprised at how many places you've never visited or activities you didn't even know were available. Above all, have fun!
Photo by John M. P. Knox. There were a few gorgeous pairing kits filled with chocolate, wine charms, and almonds. The packages put Tiffany jewelry boxes to shame.
If the film manages to be as affecting as it is, it's mostly because of Franco, whose magnetic performance fills in the film's spiritual holes. When, after his physical/mental trial is over, he quietly whispers "Thank you" to the rock and his cut-off arm—after having photographed the gory image, no less—the moment is remarkable for Franco's sense of peace in his delivery, as if the whole agonizing experience has purified him in a way. Sure, a less flashy director than Boyle would probably have made more out of the existential man-versus-nature themes this film lightly touches on...but somehow, the inspiring nature of this story still communicates quite movingly. Even after suffering through what most of us would consider six days of Hell, Aron Ralston still managed to retain both his derring-do spirit and his awe of the natural world. (Apparently, the real Ralston is still climbing rocks and mountains, even with only one arm.) That's real human resilience, folks—and, at its best, 127 Hours exudes that same exuberant sense of life even as the film deals with the effects of a character who teeters on the brink of death.
Your anger like the fire ball rising sun,
As you might imagine, my strongest advice to you as parents of young children is "Don't send your kids to school." Any school, public or private, can lead to the kind of damage we've seen in our kids. We thought trying school would be a harmless experiment, something we could change our minds about if needed, but we did lasting harm to our kids' curiosity and natural joy in learning.
Also in BHS’s collection are the scrapbooks and autobiography of Henry A. Meyer, “who had a huge impact on Brooklyn, but nobody knows his name,” says Golia. He was a German immigrant who ran for mayor of Brooklyn in 1882, but lost. Through his Germania Real Estate Company, he developed large parts of Flatbush, including Vanderveer Park and south Midwood, turning the farms of such old Dutch families as the Lotts, Cortelyous and Van Wycks into the urban streets we know today. He was also president of the Jamaica Bay Improvement Association, and thought that Jamaica Bay was going to be the next big shipping port of the world. (That didn’t pan out, but it is home to a pretty big airport.)
It’s 1968. Helena runs Albion PR in London’s Wardour Street, looking after ‘difficult’ stars. She hires 19 year-old Billy to teach him the secrets of the business. Saving the reputations of her clients involves an outrageous amount of lying and cheating, but neither Helena nor Billy realize this innocent era is about to come crashing to an end…
With a medium cookie scoop, scoop dough onto prepared baking sheet about 1 inch apart. With your thumb, press into each cookie making a little well for the Biscoff. Using a small cookie scoop, scoop about 1 tablespoon Biscoff into each pressed cookie. Place another scoop of cookie dough on top and press edges gently. Biscoff will not be completly enclosed and will be visible around edges. Bake for 12-15 minutes, until edges are just golden brown. Let cool for 10 minutes on baking sheet then transfer to a cooling rack to cool completely.
The defilement Act of Uganda clearly states that any sexual activity with children amounts to defilement, which is a capital offence and is punishable by death. These two scenarios are a slap in the face of justice.
“Fine with me,” I said, snuggling into his side.
He peered through the branches of the elm tree as she tore long stripes out of the material. She slipped on a pair of knee length braise, the Saxon men were known to wear and wrapped one of the bands of material around her chest, binding her breasts. With her back still turned away from him, she smeared mud over every inch of her body. Blood began to pound inside his head like a heartbeat.
Here I sit, and sit I now indoors but with all windows open. The heaviest storm I’ve seen in a few years is just rolling over the horizon. All the insects have found a dry place to wait out the weather.
Lear, of course, does a far better and more thorough job of exploring this theme. But Cymbeline does a pretty creditable job. When the exiled Posthumous sends a letter ordering his servant Pisanio to murder his wife Imogen (Posthumous has been tricked into thinking she has cuckolded him), Pisanio, upon reading the letter, soliloquizes:
1 tin lentils
P.S. No review would be complete without mentioning the hilarious moment of Korean Jesus. I have no idea where they came up with this, but it proves one of the funniest, off-the-wall moments of the film.
It has been 6 months since I took a fall down some stairs and as I like to say ruined my back...
In Mein Kampf, Hitler expressed great admiration for Mussolini and did in the early days regard Mussolini as his teacher so at least part of Hitler's National Socialism is traceable to Mussolini's innovations. As noted, however, Mussolini did NOT reciprocate Hitler's regard and correctly divined and loathed Hitler's murderous personality from the beginning (Andriola, 1997). Hitler's mania about the Jews was also one reason why Mussolini derided Nazism as a doctrine of barbarians. Few modern-day Leftists would argue with that judgement.
Some libraries are thriving: they have cafés attached and arrange all sorts of events. Sometimes, however, this can be to the detriment of one of the library’s traditional roles: that of providing a quiet space for reading. That is where I think my university library has it right. There are there types of zone: one geared for group work where open chatting is acceptable, another where some noise is tolerated and a third where absolute silence must be observed.
Ta-DA! Amazing what a little fabric and a staple gun will do!
I've always gotten her pictures taken with her glasses on because that's how she looks. She wears glasses, so she has glasses in her pictures. I had her take them off for this picture though because the light was really glaring off them. Someone else asked me a question about how my kids take care of their glasses, but I can't find it for the life of me. I bought Lex's first pair of glasses from Walmart because I didn't know any better. We went camping the day after I picked them up and while riding her bike, they fell off Lexi's face and were crushed in gravel. As soon as we got home from our trip, I took them to Walmart to see if they could fix or replace them and the ultra helpful people there told me they couldn't do anything and I'd need to buy another pair. They broke THE DAY AFTER I GOT THEM! Needless to say, I've never gone back there. I get the kids' glasses from a store called For Eyes. I don't know how wide spread this chain is, but they're wonderful! I can't even count how many times they've fixed, adjusted, or replaced my kids' glasses for free. The glasses are reasonably priced there too.
#1: Hilari Bell's TRAITOR'S SON has just been released by Houghton Mifflin. It's the sequel to TRICKSTER'S GIRL and it's getting rave reviews!!!
After living with this mish mash for over two years (eek!), I decided I needed to do something. Off I went to.... dum dum dum... wait for it..... wait for it...... almost..... okay, you guessed it... THE DOLLAR STORE (I seriously should have considered naming my blog "Dollar Store Design" or something like that, because, man, do I post a lot of dollar store stuff!).
They bloom every other year
I actually enjoyed the first half of Pamela. I’m utterly fascinated by characters with a strong moral code, especially when adhering to that moral code alienates them. I liked it in The Crucible and I liked it in Pamela. It read like some sort of late night exploitation flick, as Pamela keeps dodging advance after assault after advance from Mr. B and his increasingly odious lackeys. My particular favorite moment was when Pamela actually managed to escape the mansion that served as her prison, only to break her leg and receive a concussion in the attempt. After considering suicide to end it all and protect her virtue for good, Pamela is brought up before Mr. B and the foul Mrs. Jervis and tormented even more. I saw her as a little Determinator of virtue, hellbent on getting out of this bad situation and back home to her parents. And, best of all, she actually claimed her own virtue (and this was, at the time, seen as something more valuable to the upper classes!) and questioned the culture that led to Mr. B (albeit without ever saying a bad word about her mistress, the one that spoiled him). Despite the writing, which could be repetitive and sentimental, I actually cared about Pamela and wanted to see how she would get out of this bad situation and strike out on her own.
200,000 titles are published each year in the U.S. alone.
Please feel free to add any delightful sayings your children say and the age they are when they said it, I would love to know. My eldest (13 year old son), is absent from the family home this week due to visiting an old school friend in a different county, so it is fairly quiet and we aren’t getting the “almost’ many giggles from his bedroom below ours or the ‘OH MY GOD!’ reactions, all when playing on his Xbox but we do miss him! His little sister has sat on his gamer rocker chair today and said “I Miss Dec-Dec!” I mean it really is nice but it’s not nice in the way it’s far too quiet!
Would a vengeful Drona have gone to teach the Kuru grandchildren if Drupada had respected him?
REASONS TO STAY: Kind of dry in places.
Whenever I get sick, I try to convince my body to just get over it. From the time in second grade that I went to school on Grandparents Day even though I felt awful and ended up throwing up all over my Oscar the Grouch project after my grandpa had left, to the time I went to work before I was fully recovered and ended up falling to the ground an hour into the day, to the time I spent nearly an entire Jamaican vacation with a fever, my first instinct is always to power through, to not give in, to be stronger than the illness.
However, German ineptitude gave him away and the British recruited him to feed dud information to Berlin.
Electric Blanket Swim Competition
My heart entwined into
Here’s why…
The type of attitude Churchill had to endure with his colleagues was growing even then. The early Globalist, One-Worlder, Lord Milner, wrote a Memorandum of June 23rd On the Repatriation of Coloured Men which explained why they could do nothing about it: ”I have every reason to fear, that when we get these men back to their own colonies they might be tempted to revenge themselves on the white minorities there…” This emasculated attitude grew until Churchill was nearly isolated in his own government. Oliver Lyttleton (later Lord Chandos) and the fifth Marquess of Salisbury are two other notable opponents of open-door immigration.
That is according to Ian Cohen from Liverpool law firm Goodmans Law, which is handling most of the claims.
They take up a lot of parking and I know who is a cult member by the license plate but if you think that is bizarre, let me tell you about ....
the head of the Church,
These were quite a hit with the kids actually, which made me happy. Elmo cupcakes! I found some decorating ideas on Pinterest (Oreo mouth, Reese's nose, mini-marshmallow and mini-chocolate chip eyes, red sprinkles).
Large Prawns, 7 pcs
But the 99 Cent Store Produce Challenge (oooh – I think I just came up with a name for it!) will have to wait, because I decided not to pass up the Burbank Farmer’s Market, which was one block away from the gym. It’s in the parking lot behind City Hall – here’s a shot of it from the next door parking garage:
What are you confessing? Link up.
But what is it like? If you weren't being swayed by the classy label, and the most advanced corking system you've ever seen (the Zork Cork), would it taste as good? Blind tasting time! Three of us put the F.A. Schäffler Triple against the Härte 10... well, Tripel.
5. These ads treat viewers like idiots - viewers are idiots! Especially the ones who don’t like these ads! And anyway, who cares what viewers think? You’d think they were a crucial part of our economic fabric or something. Newsflash, idiots – simple economics tells us that there’s no place for consumers in a post-industrial society: large companies generate wealth by advertising their products using the media owned by other large companies. That wealth is then distributed wantonly – and thus perfectly – by the United States Federal Reserve, derivatives traders and Harvey Normal retail outlets. Where do consumers come in? THEY DON’T! SO SHUT UP!
For that me and my sister have come up with some new abaya ideas. We wanted them to be simple, modest and not over the top but it let us be the individuals we are ( helps my husband spot me in the mall when i am drooling over the jeweler store window as well).
- 50g feta cheese
Unlike the credit bureaus, She will not just forget after seven years.
Quote from Dr. Vandana Shiva:
While you are there check out the fabulous inspiration from my lovely team mates.
Fasting Sugar - 317
Joanne Hynes Leather belt, Annmarie’s own
“We just want to do the right thing,” he said, “and get people’s property back to them.”
KRIS: Nooooooo.
the company's chief negotiator held aloft the morning edition of the newspaper,
Plus, this is the week of the senior choir performance. An annual event at M’s school, the senior choir show is a big deal. The kids practice for months, they have specially designed t-shirts and all the grades attend the event at a near by middle school. M’s teacher is one of the organizers, so everyone in the class is pretty hyped. Although the show is several days away, combined with his anxiety about his EA’s absence, M was overwhelmed.
Hamish goes to Glasgow!
Q: Other than your own, what is your current favorite zombie book?
In this corner of a garden
So while some of us study design books and play with color and others arrange and rearrange imaginary furniture in paper apartments, others cook or bake. We pass the time as best we can, anticipating future events, our imaginations running through all possible solutions; we try with all of our might to play out success all around while stealing ourselves for rejection and failure. Clouds pass, shades of drab, rain glitters on the pavement while the birds twitter and chirp in expectation. Distant laughter like promises float up from below, emails checked, son and husband huddle over the computer to search for possibilities, the clicking of fingers across keyboards, the whirring of the printer…. and we wait.
I’d still come to work.”
This particular phase of life instilled hatred within me and I lost my self-esteem. It went like this for years and by the time I had almost lost my gifts and ability the ways to keep them undercover so that nobody makes fun of me again. I was trying my best to fit in. But it didn’t work that for long because a part of me wanted to explore the enigmatic side of life.
Can you believe all ten women are in a geographic area that is relatively convenient for all to travel?
I got the idea while driving by this place in Westborough that sells things like this and ordered it out of a catalog. It is a birthday gift for you and Steve. Mom thinks it is smiling and being happy and I think it is crying and being sad.
THAT’S VOICEOVER! is an exciting, interactive, behind-the-scenes career event where the top talents in the voiceover industry reveal the practical steps to establishing and sustaining a career in this highly rewarding and intriguing field. Through targeted Q&A, audience participation and audition scenarios, a finely tuned and comprehensive picture is conveyed for anyone desiring to become a voiceover actor or to work in one of the supporting careers (producers, writers, directors, agents) that make up the broader industry.
Beside it was a stag, a stag of the same astonishing beauty as the squirrel that sat next to it; it seemed almost to be straight out of a dream. Alice gazed at it in awe, wished that she could gaze at it forever, but it turned and cantered off from the path, out of sight, and the squirrel followed it.
For your birthday I think you should indeed be a little naughty. After all, your lives for the past few months have been a roller coaster, and you've had to focus on the needs of everyone else. So here is my naughty (and slightly sneaky suggestion).
Like I said, I'm not complaining. There's a constant supply of fresh towels, somebody comes and cleans up after me while I'm out, and if I use the pool around dinner hour I have it to myself. The scrambled eggs at the breakfast buffet may be a little cold and undercooked, but they're on the company.
Heaven I beg you
All things aside, i like it so far. The cloves and anise flavor are subtle as to not over power your tastebuds, while the slight banana leaves the finish clean. This is definitely a brew that i am going to have to stash a few bottles in my "file cabinet of goodness" to let mature. If for nothing else to let it de-carbonate a little and thicken up...
In this sense I view the school as failing to recognize and protect my son’s right to be educated in a safe environment free of discrimination.
Ensure that all employees know the organization’s vision and goals. They must be knowledgeable about what business the company is in, where they are now and where they intend to be in a year or 5 years time. Stress on factors as to, why it’s good to work at the organization and what benefits are available for the employee. Empower managers and executives to make effective decisions and communicate it well. A happy employee will contribute immensely making the vision a reality.
I drove back to Texas on Saturday, 12 hours straight, luckily not that much traffic. I would like to kindly request that the Oklahoma Turnpike Authority please either man the toll booths on the Creek Tollway around Tulsa or have it so that the fucking change machines WORK! I mean, seriously, I would pay the tolls if you made it possible for me to, but with toll booths that are exact change only, me not having change and you guys not having change machines that work...what the hell am I supposed to do? Yeah, I had to run the toll booth. I've never done that before. HOWEVER..... I did pay for the one I had to run at the next opportunity, where there was actually a person available. I am evil, but not a thief.
B. We parted ways last Summer...and not under wonderful circumstances.
I breathed a huge sigh of relief with that out of the way. Now I just have to hit 75 so I can go to UP and also eat the level 75 treats sold by Amy in Dalaran. On the way to 75 I do cooking/fishing dailies. I’m turning in my Dalaran cooking daily and .. wait, what’s this? The recipe for Delicious Chocolate Cake! Score. Now Van can make his own and get another achievement instead of having Juna make it for him.
A. No, developers who still own property subject to NAMA loans may also sell their own property directly – under NAMA’s auspices of course. There is no comprehensive public list of this property.
Let this spell last forever
In any case, there are still many who argue that gold is, in Keynes' phrase, "a barbarous relic". But the fact that gold has been used as money for something like 5,000 years argues otherwise. Just as we've come to have a renewed appreciation for the biological bases of human behavior and how evolution has shaped us - some of us have, anyway - it behooves us to pay attention to what has been used as a store of wealth for so many years. Just as governments can't rearrange society in any way that it suits them, so they can't, with their silly little pieces of paper money, supplant something that the world has found useful since the beginning of history.
I managed to create some brushes thanks to a YouTube link from Petra and a Seeing to pictures post from Adrian. However I had difficulty creating a standard size brush for both cropped and uncropped images which Adrian answered personally but I couldn't understand why this didn't work. I asked a question in a Forum to which it took several replies to ascertain that my elements page had been corrupted in some way and it was unfortunate that he spoke a different computer language to me !! As I had spent too much of the month on this issue, I had a desire to sample other features of Elements ...
The Modern Art of Chinese Cooking is to me the "bible" of Chinese cooking, written, surprisingly, by an American, Barbara Tropp. It is an in-depth, scholarly tome that is fascinating to read and eminently usable if you want to get into Chinese cooking in a serious way. It's a lot of fun to compile a list of basic ingredients suggested here and head to Chinatown with two shoppping bags, which will be full of interesting stuff as you head home.
When he came to Lehi, the Philistines shouted as they met him. And the Spirit of the LORD came upon him mightily so that the ropes that were on his arms were as flax that is burned with fire, and his bonds dropped from his hands.
Oscar Wilde said, "Man is least himself when he talks in his own person. Give him a mask, and he will tell you the truth."
Where’s the family who once occupied it?
Lopez said under Mexican law, the group can be held for up to 90 days while being investigated and could face fines on charges of illegal entry to Mexico and possible criminal charges for the fake identification. He said it was also possible they would be considered for asylum if they sought it.
I couldn’t deal with her reasoning right then. All I could do was plead my case for not going home, describing all of the injustices that I felt were stacked up against me.
I was afraid the sound of crunching leaves under my feet would wake him from his nap, but he did not move a muscle as I edged closer to the tree.
by Greg Linster
1179 **D-II/9/1994. “Conservatives, Legal Realism, and the Constitution.” The Federalist Society of Law and Public Policy Studies, The School of Law, Loyola University of New Orleans, New Orleans, Louisiana. (Incorporated in Item C-2001(5), above, pp. 132-45.)
Thrilled to be posting this new born session! Cameron is the newest addition to my extended family; and what an adorable addition he is.
For the play dough you will need...
When It Comes to You I've No More Dreams to Lose by The Lazy Cowgirls
Within my soul I feel strange music swell,
-salt + blackpepper
The lower realms have just a door, and seem unguarded, this is just a guise. they are in fact revolving doors that lead us back to the same place of entry..no matter how many times we try to enter, until we reach a level of simple purity, then entry magically happens..In my early days of spiritual adventure I was denied access to these revolving door worlds time after time and I often wondered if I would ever make the journey..would I ever reach a state of purity that granted me access…This solitary act of rebuff is simply showing us that we need to purge our souls and purity ourselves a bit more..it keeps out the souls who are not yet ready or open to corruption..and yet no door is truly barred to all…as you begin to purify yourself in human form..these lower level realms dimensional doors will allow entry..but you have to show discipline, and determination and for the most part become more aligned to god. There is no set formula or criteria as such, anybody who is driven enough, and disciplined enough, through, compassion, love, humility and generosity, will if persistent not be denied entry..once one enters through their first door..you will never go back to being the old you..this spiritual adventure and journey that mankind is on will take you as far as you wish to go..if you are prepared and willing and determined never to give up hope and believe in reconciliation of the our soul with spirit.
Listening right now is a huge issue for us. As in he doesn’t. At all. Or pretends to, but does something else entirely. So you ask him to do something and his response is to ignore you. You repeat yourself several times. No response. Or my favorite response: spitting. Or something else that’s just poor manners.
So here is my tutorial (be sure to read through carefully, and then later ignore...as I would):
I'm Here to Get My Baby out of Jail
After a sleepless night punctuated by dreams of school tracksuits and blazers, a vision arose. Cue lots of teasing from parents spotting me sneaking into school with boxes. They may laugh, but when I open the doors to my domain now I am met with tranquil neat labels.
Even detractors of The Caretaker’s sinister 2011 LP, An Empty Bliss Beyond This World could not deny it possessed a certain cinematic quality. James Kirby’s carefully sampled and re-arranged collages of dixieland lounge music were hemmed with reverb and vinyl surface noise that became part of a larger, albeit cryptic, piece of sonic art that would no doubt complement any film of the same nature. Patience (After Sebald) was produced as a soundtrack to a Grant Gee film exploration of German writer GW Sebald’s work. Sebald died last year and though I have neither read his work, nor seen the film accompanying this album, I feel that a review of the record as a standalone work is legitimate seeing as it is being released that way, though perhaps I would be more appreciative of it if exposed to its visual counterpart.
He realized that his father was wrong in principle and was trying to murder an innocent young man. So he decided to help David even though it was emotionally difficult.
Now, while the meat was tender and salted nicely, like the lamb, it too was extremely rare. I’m not one to shy away from rare meat, but again the bloody juices combined with those of the lamb and the cacciatore sauce resulted in one hot mess. The fingerling potatoes, all nine of them, halved and roasted with rosemary were, in the words of Simon Cowell, "totally forgettable" and at $14, they shouldn't have been.
When you are charged at very high roaming rates. Making telephone calls from your service provider. In this way the nolita italy fashion of that particular service provider and none else. At the nolita italy fashion and picturesque country side of Tuscany. However the nolita italy fashion along excellent cuisine and wine regions, is sure to be careful, using a cell phone on roaming when you take your US cell phone must be completed by the nolita italy fashion, allowed Italy to rebuilt its economy and to later emerge once again as a major contributor to Italy's income.
Eliza Langhans sent a great line to begin with, from Amanda Filipacchi's novel Nude Men: "I am a man without many pleasures in life, a man whose few pleasures are small, but a man whose small pleasures are very important to him. One of them is eating. One reading. Another reading while eating."
Recently, the kids & I participated in a video at the Down Syndrome Aim High Resource Center. We had so much fun & the end result is sweet & inspiring!!
It’s the reason to be and the strength to do.
So he referred me to some witchy witch doctor that supposedly would be able to do the job, but again, because he was so LAAAAAAMMMEEE he spelled the guy’s freakin’ name wrong. So I couldn’t reach him. And Google wasn’t much help because apparently looking up ‘witchy witch doctor to perform teeth surgery on terrorist-eating robot’ didn’t come up with much.
First and foremost – use the services that are provided by the university! Potential jobs are advertised on Student Central and the placements office on the second floor is a great place to check in if you need any advice.
I told you that I missed you.
“People don’t realize is even if you’re a stay-at-home mom or dad, you contribute to your family with the valuable services that you provide like cooking, cleaning and driving the kids around town. It all adds up! With more than one life insurance policy in place, your family would be protected if something devastating were to happen.”
again -- it was, in a word, nuts.
A behavior oriented seller will be clueless on how to manage the meeting and will mostly present what they have to offer and leave it at that and if the costumer reacts and ask questions they will be responded to and then the meeting closes since there is nothing more to talk about. the seller will away and hope to get the contract next time.
2. The IPKat has been mewing about the problem of costs orders for relatively small sums that remain unpaid by unsuccessful opponents at OHIM and indeed in the UK Intellectual Property Office. Some readers have posted comments suggesting that costs should be scrapped entirely, while voters in the Kat's poll -- who were not given the option of scrapping costs orders -- currently favour requiring opponents in office proceedings to be made to give security for costs. Thoughts, anyone?
6.ain't got time to bleed
TV host: Forget about the shame for a moment – is it allowed or not?
But alas. It IS better for my family. And it will save us a ton of money. And while I’m not one to clip coupons or only shop at the grocery stores that have the bargains this week, I DO think I need to be a better steward of what God’s given me in this area. Plus, it will be healthier for us. The food industry is pretty gross these days and I constantly feel convicted about not taking the time to prepare my week in such a way, so that I don’t need to eat out. But I’m exhausted and don’t take time to do it. Well, tomorrow starts a new day for me.
Samantha Hughes...Jocelin Donahue
Beyond that, though, there isn’t much. And I wish there were. For M.A. was a connection to the yellowed pages of Grandpa’s earliest history. His father, Robert Earl Sr., died in 1959, when my mother was even younger than I was at the time of M.A.’s death. And Grandpa’s birth mother died when he was barely 2. Of pneumonia, we were told. While she was pregnant. Grandpa was sent to stay with his mother’s parents for several years while his father started over, met Florence, and began a new life before sending for him to join their family, which included a new younger brother, Dickie. Grandpa would often point out the house in New Philadelphia where he was raised in his boyhood by his Fisher grandparents. But beyond that, I didn’t hear much.
Him: (laughing) You have a point. Eh. I’m in no rush.
I've got a lot of random thoughts to share before I KA-POW you with the x-rated drawing. Don't worry, I'm going away soon so this is all you'll have to remember me by for the next two weeks or so. Here's one more thought before the dirty goods.
Friday morning...
They bake a lot of different flavors -- their website says 85 -- and different ones are on display each day. Or, you can order a dozen or more of your favorites with 24 hours notice. Each flavor was frosted differently and every one was gorgeous. It was tough to decide which eight to choose (we picked two for each of us -- one for Saturday and one for Sunday). Here's what we eventually selected:
We have been blessed with some spectacular weather here in the Pacific Northwest. It has just been beautiful .........now the planters are calling to me.......and those pesky weeds that just love to grow with all the rain we get!! Time for my gardening gloves!
More of a curious set of mood pieces for the multifaceted than a specific collection of songs that tell a story, define a purpose or something to carry the Top 40 for yet another pointless week, Espεяαиτo is very much a product of its time that happens to fit into our own era with a curious, even eerie, sense of relevancy. Knab it!
Mitzi Szereto’s controversial new take on Jane Austen’s classic focuses on what goes on beneath the women’s skirts and behind the men’s breech flaps. Moreover, Pride & Prejudice: Hidden Lusts includes a range of erotic encounters spanning from homosexual indulgences and sado-masichistic desires to masturbation and oral sex.
The research comes from the Highway Loss Data Institute, a firm run by insurance companies to find ways of reducing crashes and deaths. Using five years’ worth of insurance claims from 2005 to 2010, the HLDI compared the collision rates between adults drivers between 35 and 60 years old and teen drivers between the ages of 16 and 19.
That said, I have heard of cases where CF men have been duped into fathering a child. Most often, this involves the woman cheating on her birth control or outright lying to them about being on birth control just to get some viable sperm to produce a child. Yes, some people are in fact *THAT* desperate to have a kid, for reasons I know not, but it is true. Further, with the way child custody and child support laws in most countries favor women, the men get shafted into giving up part of their paycheck against their will to support a child that came to be against their will, even if they “sign over” their rights. Put it plainly: men get the short end of the stick in the deal.
Moo Yul has been receiving death threats and when one of his teammates steals a drink from his water bottle and collapses, it’s clear that his stalker is serious which means that he really needs a bodyguard.
Drop by tablespoonfuls on a baking sheet. Bake 350 for 12-14 minutes, or until cookies begin to brown on edges.
Odyssey Cologne Spray, Odyssey Roll-On Anti-Perspirant Deodorant and Odyssey Perfumed Skin Softener
Garson also appeared in other memorable films including “Pride and Prejudice” , “Mrs Miniver”, “Mrs Parkington” and “Marie Curie” .
You know when I was in nursing school in the mid 1980’s, diseases like Alzheimer’s (AD), Lou Gehrig’s, MS and Parkinson’s were very rare. As time evolved their prevalence increased dramatically. In 1985 approx iamately 500,000 to 750,000 people were afflicted by Alzheimer’s although the differentiation with Dementia wasn’t really well defined. Currently the incidence of AD care costs over a trillion dollars. The only time you can literally diagnose AD is on autopsy. It was made known that there was damage to the neuron’s-nerve cells in the brain and the gaps between them, causing dark areas of “cellular garbage”, or senile plaques. That there were also “tangles” in the nerves of the brain.
Misconceived – drink a double vodka (thanks to @andromedababe)
Genre: a young adult paranormal romance/urban fantasy
Subgenre: Humor
A few things to remember about motherhood:
With apologies to the late, great Western writer, Elmer Kelton, for using the title from his novel for this post: The Time It Never Rained. But I think Elmer would agree, it’s that time again.
Big Hugs Wanda
Okay, that’s probably a stretch, but anyway….
Whenever something like this happens in the media (the story, not the puns),
In a large bowl, mix together the ground turkey, hash browns, onion, green pepper, egg whites, thyme, oregano and salt and pepper.
Don't ask which answer
Today is Farm Fresh Friday so please scroll up to view our awesome SKETCH CHALLENGE this week by Farmer Larisa :)
The English title is Late Autumn (늦가을), sung by Cho Kyuhyun of Korean boyband Super Junior.
Once again, with another Demon Squad book comes noticeable improvements in every aspect of the book. The plotting is tighter, the dialog sharper, the characters continue to develop, and the world building is greatly improved. Marquitz is a writer that is improving in leaps and bounds with each novel he turns out, and it is nice to see such developments play out on the page, to the benefit of both the novel itself and the reader's enjoyment.
Lily Lapenna is founder and CEO of MyBnk.
I’m looking over a four leaf clover,
For those without confirmed direction there will be a chance to understand the potential within your soul, allowing self to be where it has contracted to be.
Breckenridge - Christmas Ale
Sure, I dont think that household appliances should be advertised as something for the "little woman" or that cigarettes should be advertised as cool but I do worry about some things that are now agressively advertised that never saw the light of day in the past.
I give you my love,
I can live with this one a while longer.
As the perfect storm of publicity finally hits home at News International, and in advance of the Parliamentary debate secured by Chris Bryant today, it is worth looking at the role of the police in the progress, or otherwise, of the investigation.
“Getting a head-start on next year?” I ask.
Notes: For a nice change try the following: replace “Sex Cauldron” with “El Paso”; laugh.
1. I am trying to kick the Diet Pepsi habit, but I'm not always succeeding. I need caffeine, but hate coffee. I've done the 3/4 hot chocolate, 1/4 coffee, and I still hate it. But I'm scared of aspartame. So I've got to get rid of the DP!
BNP News Team
Opposition lawmakers argued the bill would only serve the interests of foreign countries and would not help Turkey in blocking the financial channels of the outlawed Kurdistan Worker’s Party (PKK) abroad.
I am the sort who loves both giving and receiving surprises….however small they may be. So had been preparing for the day excitedly…almost feverishly, for the entire month.
Betcha thought this post was going to be about a pet, child or decor item? Nope! As I mentioned on here oh...forever ago (btw I had a huge relapse since then), and then again right after my hospital scare, I have been on a journey to make healthy lifestyle changes and get in shape. I really committed to this back in mid-January and have lost 15lbs so far, just working out 4 days a week and eating healthy.
The F-82 Twin Mustang Zero Sum Game — USAF wins and CAF loses and loses again and may lose flying their B-29
Mistakes. We all make them. They usually start with the best of intentions. Like keeping a secret to protect a friend. Or lying to help someone.
The end result of Manuel's policies is that South Africa has become bankable as its credit worthiness has continuously improved overtime, with all the major rating agencies - Moody's, Standard & Poor's, and Fitch - consistently upgrading its credit rating. This enabled the government to borrow at cheaper rates to finance expenditure not adequately covered by tax revenues.
the moon never actually changes, it is only
Twenty-two semi tires and rims, several power tools and a gutter machine were located inside the stolen trailer, according to reports. However, the owner of the trailer told deputies the tires did not belong to him but a nearby tire shop had reported a theft of tires recently.
Subtlety of flavor and proper manners are lost on them. Do you ever notice that they always eat the most expensive food first? The shrimp could be horrible but they will still eat them all first. Don't be mad at the simple minded fools, JUST WATCH THEM ACT LIKE HIGH ROLLERS AND ENJOY."
The book contains over 200 poems mostly by different authors, although there is more than one contribution from a few (including Shelley and Auden). It’s a mixture of the familiar and the brand new, including some commissioned especially for this book. I couldn’t possibly write about the whole, but a few things struck me as I sampled various tidbits.
Im late, but I had to find all the questions n such, so heres to catching up!
”I´ll kill you,” he said. One time, ten times, a hundred times. Over time it lost the desired effect; she no longer believed him.
“I’m sure that’s not true,” Keeta whispers.
“Only those who are countercultural by way of being other-worldly have what modern culture most needs to hear—a Word from God that can cut through the deceits of modernity to reach the hearts that lie within. These are the people for whom God has weight, and, because of this, they themselves have weight. In contrast, it is this-worldly Christianity, no merely in the old liberal forms but increasingly in the evangelical church today, that produces weightlessness in God and in its purveyors. It spreads something light and superficial, a mere gloss on modernity, under the illusion that it is actually offering the antidote to modernity. So it is that evangelical faith and practice have unaccountably run aground in the shallow waters of modernity. If we are to survive, we most return to the deep waters of God’s otherness—his holiness and truth—for that is where our safety lies.” (151)
looking towards their jobs rather than that of the people. Certainly the plight of the working class has not been addressed if anything they have been purposely marginalised, robbed of the ability to garner a decent wage and scorned by the elites of this country, as a rule the working class have been belittled, disparaged and demeaned, to such an extent that many now have no self-respect and that bastion of our nations strength exemplified by the worker and his estate, the worker the very backbone of this country, his living space now merely a battleground, a conflict zone, no longer a community, now merely a place in which one must survive.
One month to go! Tom and I are entering the last days of our 19 month engagement.
Do you know that I have lived in Melbourne my whole entire life and I’ve never even been to Phillip Island, let alone seen the penguins strut their stuff along the sand in front of 8000 snap-happy tourists? This must happen. Because penguins are in my top 5 favourite animals of all time.
St Peter's The Saints Whisky Beer at 4.8% is brewed with peated malt and the beer is blended with English whisky from St George's distillery in Norfolk. It pours a pale golden in colour with plenty of initial carbonation driving off an upfront sweet peaty whisky aroma with a touch of biscuity malt. The palate brings straight up peaty malt interluding with sweet honeyed malt whisky and a lingering peaty warmth in the finish. My impressions are that this beer is showcasing the taste of the whisky more than the base beer, with the beer more or less adding new dimensions to the experience.
1 bookcases
You managed to teach a member of your family the behavior you want him to display in specific situations. Men and women can be trained the same way. It requires time and a lot of effort, but the results it will yield are well worth it. It is hard, at times, to ignore less than desirable behavior. Like a dog taking a poop in the middle of your living room floor, some negative behavior has to be addressed. But also like Sparky dropping his load onto your floor, it has to be done at the time of the incident. Otherwise, the lesson is lost and he (read: we) will not fully comprehend what was done wrong. But the next time Sparky goes potty outside, clap your hands, give him a lot of lovin’ and maybe even a little doggie treat.
But being a shrewd old sociopath, Rupert Murdoch knows that this will simply make his negotiations with BSkyB shareholders even more of an uphill struggle. Reports from Slog sources are suggesting the 61% majority owners want £11 a share at least. Newscorp’s initial offer was £8. That’s a big difference: where is the Old Boy going to find 38% more cash?
Waylaid him in a Darkened Street.
Then I took some wood twigs i had collected and painted metallic copper earlier and placed them in the pot. I stuffed in more paper to support the twigs, and covered it with some dried grass to disguise the newspaper and bring in some natural look. It looked like this
But every time I think about the world watching me, a mini panic attack begins.
That after even the hottest summer days, when you walk through our arch in the evening when the garden has just been watered you can feel the temperature drop immediately and you are enveloped by the smell of damp earth and flowers ... like entering another world.
Zenithfilms is looking to raise funds so that we can cover the costs of the actors, director & musician expenses, costume creation, set and props.
This humble blogger hopes to one day become a true sub-creator and mythopoet in the same tradition that Tolkien began.
Well, read the full story and all the clues are there and make sense in hindsight, but I don’t think many would have solved this intractible problem at the time. Only with the intervention of ‘luck’ and probably the source of our term ‘guinea pig’ in subsequent scientific experiments did an understanding of the cause in 1907 begin to emerge. I guess these were examples of ‘safe-fail’ experiments. Fascinating stuff.
3) Italicize those you plan on reading
Well I did promise to update you today but I got into the craft room and everything just seemed to work out so it was hard to drag myself away. I will upload some photos tomorrow. Meanwhile this was one of the cards we made in class this week.
2 are collectors, one is a polaroid that still works, and the other is an SLR camera that was given to me for a my birthday.
It's no secret ad agencies like bright, shiny objects. Especially when they happen to arrive in the form of advertising awards.
Inside was a group of Asian men and a woman. Without provocation one of the men produced a knife and made a threatening gesture at the teenagers through the window, suggesting they were going to have their throats cut.
QuicKutz Doily Heart
To be PRESENT and fully engaged in life is the first step to finding joy. Empowerment begins in the present moment not the past or the future. We must learn to experience what is in front of us, even grief or pain. Because we tend to block those experiences, we manage our suffering instead of embracing it, as part of the experience of life.
Woot!
“River says, “What’s rule one with the Doctor; he lies”. River says she does too, how it’s been so hard seeing Amy, Rory and the Doctor, and knowing who she really is (Amy’s daughter) but not being able to say. Curiously, she also says she recognised the astronaut in 1969 but had to stay quiet.”
12. Jay-Z & Kanye West – Otis
Benefits: librarians aware of current research and publishing trends within the departments they support. They can extract and repackage reuse data. Next up: Health Sciences Library has been collecting information to add to this tool. The initial goal was to allow library staff to feed current publications into their IR, they founda bout 30% were unfindable so the IR can allow them to make the research papers, PowerPoints, publications findabilty.
A huge advantage of homeschooling over school-schooling is that we learn not just in our "classrooms", but in the wider community as well (which is much harder to achieve when as a teacher you have 30 kids in your care - believe me!).
Thank you wonderful CLP players for all the entries last month.
1/22: P4 @ 195.7
Say a prayer for me. Jess is out of town for work this week so that's adding to the headache right now.
As you near the end of the filter, make sure to keep the bottom of the flower tight, as the top will start to get loose.
I will be happy to experience some modicum of quietude and time to sort out thoughts. I guess it will have to wait until our trip to Florida in a couple weeks.
3. Leave a comment on this post about what you like about our challenges or any ideas that you would like to see
Heat oven to 400 degrees.
How when ruby was finally placed in our arms, she screamed and kicked and wanted nothing to do with us, but then 24 hours later she was calling us 'mommy' and 'daddy'--it's true.
So, then, how do we ‘live a life worthy of the Lord and may please him in every way: bearing fruit in every good work, growing in the knowledge of God’? Can we? Should we bother trying? We are weak people, weakened daily by the pressures of daily friction involving our friends, co-workers, family members and any and all in between; strangers and enemies too. The fact that Paul says we are ‘being strengthened’ (he says something closer, and rougher, akin to ‘by all power being continually empowered’) means that we are necessarily weak, prone to weakness, constantly being drained of whatever we may call power or strength.
In India, majority of people do long distance travel to various places by train. Train service is one of the well equipped affordable transportation. Longest train journey I have undertaken is took when I had to visit New Delhi, by Kerala Express. It takes about approximately about 72 hours. Train usually leaves Trivandrum on time, but somehow does get delayed by the time it reaches New Delhi. When you reach every station, you can hear vendors calling chaya kappi/ Tea, coffee and selling goodies. I don’t know how they sell quite a lot in a few minutes that the trains usually halt. There are also a few stations, you can get some special goodies, for example in Kollam it is parippu vada, at Eranakulam it is meals packet consisting of rice and curries, at Trichur it is banana chips and in Palakad it will be Halwa and Pazham pori and when train reaches neighboring state Tamil Nadu, you can get good Idly ( steamed rice cakes) with sambhar and coffee, like list goes on. Just like this in Maddur station they sell this Vada even got name after its place.
single ladies: his voice will make your knees grow weak.
“The code he gave was ‘stone, base, one’. That was Peters’, an infiltrator confirmed dead six months ago’s call sign. I knew Peters and that wasn’t him.”
If you are reluctant to try, before giving up on this experience, ask for help. After talking to many moms and the frustrations surrounding their babywearing experiences I offer as part of my service a consultation to help. I review some post-natal posture considerations for you during babywearing and help you get more comfortable with the harness as well as answer any questions about posture and pain. I want you to enjoy every moment of being a parent!
There were 3 main Boer Diasporas after the Anglo-Boer War.
a hillscape of the sheets and covers, you buried there.
Sweet Pea has become
All the products Private Outlet offers are authentic and come directly from the most famous brand names with which Private Outlet has been working for over 30 years.
Now with restrictions lifted the south carolina mortgage refinancing. Retirement commission should be avoided. However, by allowing these kinds of investments, the south carolina mortgage refinancing of the south carolina mortgage refinancing and to testify before the south carolina mortgage refinancing a South Carolina or U.S. Department of Justice fraud litigator is highly advisable to obtain your TEFL certificate at the south carolina mortgage refinancing in Studio Art with concentrations in Ceramics/Sculpture, Digital Media, and Printmaking as well as museums, and galleries.
It’s not a trait I’m proud of.
In terms of performance, the band was spot-on, rocking through old staples like The Mixed Tape and Dark Blue and nailing newer faves like Amy, I and My Racing Thoughts. Andrew’s vocals were, as always, amazing, his belting on Annie Use Your Telescope and The Resolution particularly memorable. Moments of banter about the local chain California Sandwiches and the paradox of their Italian sandwich slogan and not being located in California kept the proceedings light and fun; the backstory of b-side Last Straw and slagging of George W. Bush earned a roar of laughter. For me personally, the set was as close to perfect as I could have imagined for this tour (my only improvement would have been to swap Annie for Caves, a song I adore and long to hear live).
this pain you will never feel forgiven for
● Encourage and facilitate suppliers in conducting assessments of
my shirt isn't ironed
Under two bucks at the Great Exchange
And now we have lived to see that prediction fulfilled.
And then 6 months ago, he crossed my path. Like a ton of bricks, I was helpless and my attempts to resist were futile. My eyes finally opened to possibility. It was the reconnection of an old friendship gone intense. When I saw my future, I saw security, peace, and the love that had always been what I envisioned. I know it happened in the wrong order, but it happened. This person brought something exceptionally special into my life.
That was art as science through the double pin-holes of Promethean camera reflecting consciousness to advance humanity
I love you all and I am so sorry. One day soon, things will change. I hope. Until then, carry on. :)
After her birth, she proceeded to test out her lungs for a good 45 minutes before settling into a deep sleep on Mommy’s chest. All three of us had a very long day!
Have a wonderful weekend everyone.
It’s funny that such a coincidence would come about right after I finished reading Asimov’s Foundation Trilogy (review of the third book is in the works), because this first volume of Valerian and Laureline definitely shares some ideas with Asimov, though on a much smaller scale.
"What have you got?"
Two dogs can play a game and swell a chest.
We look forward to one more morning of south wind, then north winds kick in for the weekend.
to spend her life and herself.
any harm,
As the last American troops were exiting Iraq late last year, international scholars were entering. Professor Elizabeth Stone of Stony Brook University in New York is one such scholar and is leading a team bent on finding a window into the everyday lives of ancient Mesopotamians near where the Great Ziggurrat of Ur stands.
I have some great news that I wanted to share with all of you – I am now an advice column writer for “Pinup Perfection” magazine! I will be responding to your e-mail questions about vintage style, retro makeup/hair, burlesque, pinups, relationships, life – anything! I am so excited to be part of a great publication, and I am looking forward to seeing what all of you have to ask me.
An Obama appointee, Judge Urbanski also issued a preliminary injunction on behalf of the ACLU in February prohibiting the Pittsylvania County Board of Supervisors from “invoking the name of a specific deity associated with any one specific faith or belief in prayers given at Board meetings.” No word yet on how much this ticked off the local Hittites and voodoo priests.
First up, above is an on-set still of actor Jonathan King getting the full-on treatment from the Weta Workshop boys, as they show the world how gruesome a thing it would be to blow someone's brains out from point-blank range. Just don't ask me how they know that.
Same in the taste, but without the wheat zip. The raspberry just drags it down.
Proper camera equipment play key role for those who consider photography as their hobby. Make sure you bought a branded and high-efficient camera that come built in with many other additional camera equipments. High-efficient camera features give an outstanding look to your photographs. These camera equipments come with alluring features including more capacity to store images, high display, auto-play back, wireless network, Menu language and long running battery power.
Supporting by Sleep Parade.
Also wanted to wish all my Girl Scouts friends a Happy 100th Birthday. I've been a Girl Scout for 22 years now and it's been an amazing experience. It's very satisfying to work with girls and watch their enthusiasm and zest for life. I love working with the girls and some of my best friends are from my Girl Scout experience. So Happy Birthday and let's celebrate and continue into the next 100 years.
- US States
Similarly the squares at the bottom of the fold line are folded by folding them in different direction as shown.
Wash and pat dry the green chillies, cut into small rounds and transfer to a large bowl.
The Guidance further states that the primary goal is to examine whether the marketing authorization holder (MAH) information for the reporting period is in accord with previous knowledge of the product’s benefit-risk profile. Reporters will be required to summarize new safety information that could impact the benefit-risk profile of the drug, as well as important new efficacy/effectiveness information since the last report. Where important new safety information has emerged, the reporter will be expected to conduct an integrated benefit-risk evaluation for approved indications.
2nd CFL-3 Russell Creamer
Much the way Mario vs. Donkey Kong paid accepted accolade to the Donkey Kong amateur of old, Advance of the Minis goes adapted into homesickness approach from the aperture cutscene. It’s aperture day at the aboriginal Air-conditioned Mini Mario Apple affair park, and the Augment Kingdom is all atwitter with excitement. Mario’s on duke to cut the ribbon, and he’s brought a developed acquaintance forth with him. Is it Peach? Daisy? His mother? Nope, it’s Pauline, the long-forgotten charlatan of the aboriginal Donkey Kong arcade games. Wouldn’t you apperceive it, Donkey Kong himself is in the crowd, eyeing the attractive brunette. And if his offers of amore are ultimately abandoned by Pauline, DK flies into yet accession rage, kidnapping the babe and demography her to the roof of the park. Now, it’s up to you to accomplishment her.
She called me back pretty quickly after I sent the message and told me--no shit--that she'd been traveling quite a bit over the past three weeks, dealing with the unexpected death of her mother who had burned to death after some of her clothes caught on fire.
balloons and presents
I looked up and she took a moment before she said, "oh, you're taking pictures?"
Executive Producer(s): Russell T. Davies, Julie Gardner, Phil Collinson
I did a tutorial on how to fold the hats, using origami paper. The hats in my bentos were folded using wax paper. :)
Came out in a bomber and I smuggled it back from this huge beer store in St. Louis. Nose has a huge coriander and orange peel, as well as very estery yeast. Beer is a rather clear and as I take my first sip I also see that the bottle says this is barrel aged and bottle conditioned. Beer has a nice sourness to it reminiscent of pinot grigio, though I'd have to look up which type of barrel they put this in. I put this one right in the kegerator as soon as I got it home as I knew these wheat beers can be a little sensitive to heat. The carbonation is high but not as high as some bottle conditioned ones. High 3 stars.
An attorney from Baker Botts stood in front of a large conference room and said, you don’t want to have lived through the ’90s without having experienced a bankruptcy.”
After Nottingham I had a brief few days in London visiting family. I stopped consuming a ridiculous amount of fat in the form of British breakfasts, and actually walked around for a while. Visited the meat market and St. Bartholomew's church.
Another thing I've been doing is working on the online auction that Arthritis Introspective is having in November of this year. We are having the auction to raise funds for our annual Gathering that will take place here in Houston. Probably in March of 2012, dates to be confirmed soon! The Gathering is a wonderful event. I've met so many great people with arthritis that inspire me, are so uplifting, and are so welcoming. Great personalities that have a sense of humor too. I recommend anyone that has arthritis to try and attend the next Gathering! You won't regret it. It's changed my life for the better. So, I've been working on writing letters, sending emails, brainstorming on ideas of which companies to contact. So far, I'm enjoying it! It's cool to be doing something important and that I'm capable of doing on my own time, when I'm feeling well. I've been working with Scott from Arizona on this project. He's great as he's done this before and has given me a lot of advice and information. Thanks Scott!
holy cream balls, it’s 2.30 and someone has already gone home. How damn lucky, I don’t actually know when I can officially go, what’s worse is that I have absolutely no idea when the busses come in. because it’s on a estate, there are only a fixed number of commuter routes to the base and i’m not sure when they start running, or even when I can go. It would be so nice knowing that I could get down the to library and use some free internet, I really need to find a decent place to live.
I am not writing this post just as a praise for her but also as a testimonial of a patient who got completely cured. I want that all those looking out for health solutions of any kind should contact her and experience what I did.
My mom is hysterical - She loves all things sparkly, all things fab-u-lous. She wears sparkly clothes, loves sparkly jewelry and decorates her home with the same affection for sparkle and flare. (But note, she is NOT a girly-girl. My lack of a girly-girl gene was passed down from my mother...)
To earn Double Miles, simply register your Mileage Plan™ number below prior to your first qualifying flight, and travel between August 27, 2012 and November 20, 2012.
He gave a moist cough several times during the interview.
I clung to the roof, while John bravely ventured to the edge of the stage to help the second guide rotate the entire mechanism around the vertical axis, demonstrating how they adjust for different wind directions.
Lord Jesus Christ, Son of God, deliver me from the pride of thinking I know best, and give me self-knowledge.
3. What is your favorite cookbook? I love the simplicity of Rachael Ray’s cookbooks – I have every one. Her style is true to my Italian roots, and even when she’s making meals that aren’t Italian in nature, per se, they remind me of the way my mom cooked for us every night when we were little. Hearty and healthy meals. I also love Giada’s recipes. And my sister swears by the recipes she gets from her Sunset cookbooks. Lately, I’ve been pulling a lot of recipes from Eating Right magazine.
Moon, the mod whippet...
So, I have a few questions: What are your thoughts on the common core? Are you currently using The Daily Five in your classroom? How does it work for you?
sister-in-law lived with them and took care of the kids, and if it truly took them a year to find a nanny, then they are entirely too picky). She also got very melodramatic and said she will have to quit her job if she can't find childcare. She was just plain RUDE that entire day and I am dreading work on Monday. I am dreading the next month.
I will never cease loving you in this world
Jarom's suggestion: go to a naturopath. I did. I got an IV of fluids and natural medicines. Tons of vitamins and herbs. After a week of feeling crummy and two IVs, I'm so much better. Not perfect yet but better. Guess that naturopath of mine knows his stuff after all. :)
The negative space, especially when it takes more room in the composition as the food does, can be used to emphasize on contrasts, structures, textures or to bring the attention to certain characteristics of the food.
Rivalries define college football. Alabama/Auburn, Michigan/Ohio State, Oregon/Oregon State, Harvard/Yale, you name the team, there's probably at least two "rivals" on their schedule. As a Gamecock fan, there's the obvious Thanksgiving-weekend clash with in-state foe Clemson. For those of you who are less familiar with the nature of rivalries, the Clemson/Carolina game is what you would call a "natural rivalry" given the fact that both schools are located in the Palmetto State. Then there's the South Carolina/Georgia game which is circled on the Gamecocks' calendar every season, but is more of a conference and schedule creation than it is natural.
You’ve made it.
I see the face of a friend who is in the intensive care unit in a hospital in Chapel Hill, fighting for her life. Pray. I think of my three closest friends, and the battles they are going through right this very minute, real issues with potentially lasting implications, and I ask God’s guidance for each of them by name. Several long-distance friends from high-school, brought back into my life via the miracle of Facebook, who stand in the need of prayer two-thousand miles away…..please, Lord, hear their cries.
If your a writer, you’ll know that sometimes you just have to write. You get the itch, and you scratch it.
I was dealing with a planning application in the Mapesbury Conservation area. Someone wanted to build a garage to house their vintage cars, the neighbour violently objected.
For those of you who aren’t familiar with this little place, it’s on Old Frankfort Pike (one of my favorite roads in the Lexington area), surrounded by dozens of horse farms. We drive by it almost every time we head to Louisville, and always say, “We should eat there someday.” Well, someday became Sunday, and we finally went!
New habits can also be created at governmental level. New policies have forced us to create habits; recycling laws mean we are expected to separate out our waste. It could be argued that recycling is now a habit due to repetition where as a number of years ago it was seen as a disruption.
Hey kids! You wanna make a sequel that people who watched your first film will clamber for? Just use footage from your first film in it! Lots of it! MOST of it! Cram it all into the first half if you can! Yeah, Silent Night Deadly Night Part 2 takes pride in the fact that, during Ricky's analysis segment with Doctor Bloom (James Newman), which consists of, say, 75-80% of the film itself, we get an outright clip show of Silent Night Deadly Night itself, right down to several scenes involving Billy's murder sequences and the murder of his and Ricky's parents (when Ricky was a baby himself, mind you), as well as scenes where there was no possible way Ricky could have even been present! It doesn't make a lick of sense, especially when you consider that it was big brother Billy whom was taking care of business.
Get your entries in before May 26th! I will draw a winner that night!
Their tentative dates maintain the steady pace from earlier. Asami conforms to Aoyama’s image of a perfect woman – almost too good to be true she falls into a submissive clingy role – all politeness, downcast eyes and fragile nature looking for a man to take care of her.
Ok, first off, to let everyone know, I HATEHATEHATE people telling me what to do and how to live my life. Even though his advice was probably very sincere and only said to help me, I know what I want and I’m not changing my mind for anyone. You know those people with parents that want them to be, say, a lawyer, and they do it just because they said so? Well, I am the complete opposite; I wouldn’t care if my parents despised my dreams, I would do it anyway. Heck, even the pope could not convince me otherwise. So when my doctor started his spiel about my life and insinuating that I change my plan, I got severely angry. Of course, I didn’t show it.
There are hundreds, if not thousands, of recipes available in books and on the Internet for different kinds of homebrew. One of the potential problems with this embarassment of riches is that one does not always know whether the recipe is any good. And you don't necessarily know whether the recipe really conforms to its purported style.
One the side, I can be as honest with people in person as I have been here. I can confess my faults mistakes, and more importantly accept them, and exercise patience in overcoming them. I can ask for help, and be thankful to those who give it.
anything by Terry Pratchett
Space: Madero claims in his book that that is where we all end up, so maybe that's where he is.
In the other match Everton host Sunderland and again this match will be very close. Sunderland rejuvenated under the management of Martin O’Neil are moving up the Premiership table and last weekend defeated Liverpool. Following this result Liverpool then played Everton on Tuesday night and promptly dispatched them 3-0. Just based on these results you have to favour Sunderland. With nothing much more to play for this season both of these teams will be putting full focus on this game and I expect a cracker. Kick Off: Sat 12:45 Prediction: Sunderland Win 3-2
The cheese will be melted, the crust will be crisp and you'll swear the delivery man just handed you a piping hot fresh pie.
3 objects
En el pasado me han ofrecido trabajo escribiendo y siempre me hubiera gustado poder aprovechar esas oportunidades, pero nunca pude porque estoy muy ocupado con Sugar & Spice.
87:16
Following surgery Pip made a full recovery and is now in kennels awaiting a new home.
Mega Millions Mojo
social formations or larger human institutions. Hence a global culture
white, restless, easily frightened.
If in fact,
Movies From the Silent Classics of the Silver Screen to the Digital and 3-D Era
Garnish with some chopped spring onion.
The final paper of the consultation was Jeff Hubing on the “Purpose of Acts: A Literary Study.” Hubing argued that the prologue of Acts ought to include 1:1-22, not simply the first three verses. The programmatic statement in 1:8 is a the center of this pericope and the whole unit is a “resumptive prologue” reminding the reader of what the author as already said (in Luke 24) and what he will be saying in the rest of the book. This is something like “how did we get here, and where are we going.” To a certain extent this is like the “programmatic statement” in Luke 4, Jesus reading Isaiah in the synagogue at Nazareth. Hubing did an excellent job showing that the key vocabulary in Acts 1:8 (spirit, power, witness) is scattered throughout the book, but especially at key points.
Irvin was like one of the guys, but more quiet and more to himself. The amount of adversity Irvin had faced while at Mt. SAC is a lot more than what people can imagine.
Ok, I know you're not supposed to announce that you have been ignoring your blog for almost a month, but...I'm announcing it!
Cheapness of production and distribution is the source of success in economic life, and therefore in civilization. Centralization probably is proportionate to velocity, and the most vertiginous nation triumphs over its neighbors. These contentions are sustained by an examination of Syrian, Persian, Hellenic, Roman, Central Asian, Flemish, Spanish, and Russian civilizations.
The highlight for me, though, was the soundtrack. It featured some truly stellar protest folk songs, which sadly I have not yet located for purchase. There was a bizarrely beautiful scene where a guitar-strumming troubadour leads a group of youths to safety, Pied Piper-style, that I had to rewind and watch again.
And blowing wind,rain and thunder loud.
I play Maria Rossi, the Mother!
silent tyranny.
I wish I was a get-it-all-cleaned-up-before-I-go-to-bed girl. I always want to be. Truth is, when the fun evening is over, I want to get to bed with my Pup and snuggle in the big huge bed.
We have been to Fall Creek Falls many times, but had never travelled there from the south. We were near Dunlap, Tennessee, heading up the Plateau when, as we were rounding a curve, we saw a waterfall just off the road. It didn’t have a lot of water going over the fall, but it was very tall. Naturally we had to stop and get some pictures. We later learned that this was Possum Falls.
You will be alright
One minute we trust Him, the next minute, maybe not so much. You want to fix it yourself. Then you realize you can’t, and you are only making things worse. Now you’ve become even more overwhelmed. So you give your problem to Him, oops you forgot (God had it) and you picked it up again. (I have been there, more than a few times) Come near to God and he will come near to you. Wash your hands, you sinners, and purify your hearts, you double-minded. James 4:8 (NIV) God is calling us today to “Give all your worries and cares to God, for he cares about you.” 1 Peter 5:7 (NLT)
June 21 Washington, DC @ 930 Club
I will admit now that there are some employers that won’t get on board with my idea. These are the kind of companies that have cookie cutter, perfect answer interviews and score everything one to ten scale, kind of like drunk frat boys checking out girls at a bar. These companies are looking for robots, not people, and they will treat you like a robot. They’ll spew out phrases like “Work/Life Balance”, then give you the evil eye as you leave the office after a ten hour workday. If that’s the kind of employer you want to work for, by all means, continue to lie at your interviews. Tell Ken at the suicide hotline that I said ‘Hi”.
Alan Chapell recalled the first meeting he had with Mr. D’Aquila while he was taking summer school classes in 1984 to try to get into Stamford Catholic after "literally failing out” of another local high school. After Alan had a run-in with another teacher and was kicked out of class, Mr. D'Aquila confronted him.
However, here's one that seems to be acceptable—men and the need to pay for food. Why is this? I know it's a performance thing for a young man and a special young lady. Fellows like to be able to pay, or at least that used to be the standard. (That's not to say they always did that or were able to do that...but it was a preference for many.) In this day and age, honestly, I can imagine that many young women have just as much if not more means to cover a meal eaten out.
It will be at least six months before our information is shared with any birth parents, but we were told by our caseworker that it would most likely be anywhere from 18 - 24 months.
I bought some cute scroll brackets at the hardware store. They were originally a bronzy color but I spray-painted them the same gold color as the legs on my IKEA trestle desk.
V/A - Unsigned (Epic 1987, comp with Green, New Salem Witch Hunters, The Worms...)
the only reason she is lying down here is because i told her too, but as soon as i go inside she will be at the barking again.
"Stop what?" a disembodied voice asked.
See my video tutorial below.
It's that insanely busy time of the year where freelancers are trying to make enough money to get through December and January, when the industry goes dead for two months. This means I've been working every hour that is sent and still struggling to fit everything in. Hence the lack of blogging.
I was just setting about the task of patting the dust and dirt from my pants legs when it came again. The same sudden, sharp thump that we had heard two days prior. My first thought was that Jane must have heard something moving up there before the thump sounded, because when I looked at her, her head was already turned upwards and her eyes were fixed on the attic entrance directly above us. My eyes followed her stare and I looked up, but there was nothing discernible in the darkness beyond the threshold. This time it was Jane's turn to speak first, and she began to ask me if I'd heard it too but her words broke off when another thud, this time more jarring than the first, almost violent in its force, sent a fistful of dust shooting from the rafters. The horrible, sickening shuffling sound came next, and the image that entered my mind then was that of someone, or something, dragging itself across the floor almost directly over our heads, approaching the attic entry. This time there was no resistance, no arguments to be put up against turning tail and leaving that place behind us for good. In an instant the two of us were stumbling through the dark toward the front entrance and within five seconds we were back out into the cool predawn air. But in the cage of memory, instants can sometimes stretch the length of an eternity, and impressions can sometimes last a lifetime--for as we passed through the doorway of the old farmhouse for the last time, we heard the voice again, this time much closer, coming from atop the attic stairs where we had stood only seconds ago, this time much clearer-- raspy, nearly gravelly, calling after us. And the words it said were "David... I saw you!"
Even now, vast numbers of us are numb. We are “hearing” but not hearing. We are unchanged in both our life and our knowledge of God, and consequently find ourselves itching for any momentary and engaging novelty. Man shall, after all, “live by every word that proceeds from the mouth of God” and if people are deprived of the Word of God, their spirits will become as gaunt and desperate as the victims of any famine. Is it not here that our deficit of faith, hope, love, patience, forbearance and all the resiliency of our spirit is to be traced?
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Spray a 9x13-inch pan with nonstick spray. In a medium glass bowl, melt chocolate in the microwave in short bursts of 30 seconds; stir after each burst and remove from microwave when melted and smooth. Set aside to cool slightly. In a large mixing bowl, whisk together the butter and brown sugar. Add the eggs and vanilla extract and whisk those in too. Mix in melted chocolate. Whisk in the flour and mix just until combined (don't over-mix). Spread batter into prepared pan. Bake 25 to 35 minutes (I checked mine at 35, and it was still gooey, so I added about 15 minutes and it was perfect). Watch closely and remove from oven when toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean. Let cool completely.
- Temper your chocolate, and gently dip each peppermint in using a fork. (They do become a bit brittle, so be very careful. Broken means "sample" in my book!) Lift out quickly, letting any excess chocolate drain against the side of the bowl, and place on the prepared cookie sheet. Let set.
Sun lunch - homemade raman noodles
Topley Holland was the first man to cross the line. Others quickly followed. Another man was Colonel Jim Bowie. He was very sick and unable to cross the line on his own, so he called for help. Four men carried him from his cot and lifted him over the line. On March 6, the Alamo fell. Every man within her walls died.
Is there a plus side? Erm.... Well. This is difficult. I did see Alan Fletcher sing to a Freshers week crowd. Although this should be in the against argument the combination of numerous bottles of VB and Tooheys New, being neither a Fresher nor a student and seeing Dr Karl himself was a heady mix.
Hope this past week was good for all of you.
Upon returning from the tour, “James” met a Loew’s booker named Mark Leddy who finally started him on his way. The act had evolved into a sort of parody of vaudeville. “James” would mock other acts, by doing bad ventriloquism, a bad song on banjo, and of course, bad juggling . It is readily apparent that such an act was light years ahead of its time. Such “ironic” entertainment doesn’t really become widespread in the U.S. until the late 1950s and even then it is considered subversive (Bob and Ray, Nichols and May, Lenny Bruce, even Mad Magazine). Not unil the 1970s and 1980s would it become mainstream with Saturday Night LIve, SCTV, and David Letterman’s various shows). There can be little doubt that for a long time, folks just didn’t “get” Fred Allen’s sense of humor, which accounts for his ten year crawl to the top.
Connection is at the heart of Blogging.
Excited to proclaim not much has changed at the Dragon. I dropped in for meet the brewer night and it was pleasantly familiar. After a nice glass of Fort George North II (which the mug club was still in effect), the happy hour hasn't changed yet. Next up was a glass of Baron Rauchbier which was excellent. There is something about a easy to drink smoked beer that is just perfect. You get the heavier smoked/scotch flavors, without to much kick.
After playing tunes from each of The Flatlanders four cd’s Jimmie Dale Gilmore’s classic song Dallas was turned into a honky tonk rave-up and it ended their one hour set on a triumphant high note. They encored with Van Zandt’s White Freight – Liner and the nearly full Paolo Soleri crowd roared in appreciation.
I need to hurry up and get my post over to Patties site as it closes tomorrow. Nothing like leaving it to the last minute. Please consider joining us this round at CDAC (closes 13th Feb) or check out what Patti's new challenge is going to be.
The marigold flowers are nowhere in sight; only the promise of them.
Both civilian and military men and women with a fucked up sense of humor who’ve:
Instruction for Children (Honor your Father and Mother) this is the first commandment with promise.
I will definitely be finding a new full time job..... I'm not one to sit in one place for a long period of time.
Beyond stunning jewelry and design elements, Daniel R. Spirer is a full service Jeweler offering custom work, repairs, and appraisals. With over 30 years of jewelry appraising experience and almost 40 years in the industry, the company knows which approach is best and when no approach will work at all. Most repairs are guaranteed for two years and as an additional service, unlimited lifetime cleaning is offered on any jewelry from Daniel R. Spirer Jewelers. More information can be found online athttp://www.partypop.com/v/4322572.
Underworld Born slippy UK
“Woke Up Dreaming” is a track on Blues Deluxe. This live version, recorded at the Weidner Center for the Performing Arts in Green Bay, Wisconsin, on March 11, 2011, is more fabulous guitar work than vocals—and that’s just fine:
Level 6: Potions Recover 146%.
a thing occurring in a mind. The “self” is a process wherein symbolic
As soon as Mike killed the engine, Damien hoisted his suitcase and climbed out of the back seat, taking a last, longing listen to the ocean waves crashing nearby. He was sure going to miss that sound.
You don’t want people hitting you, do you?
Angry pastries
Our problem is the cost of operation. The year 2010, they spent 40.6% in staff benefit over the $720.880 million revenue. Taking that if an average driver of the 6000 drivers get paid $2500, it amount to only 24%, Let say the support staff like mantainance stands at 1: 17 , equate to 6%, thus add up to 30%, so you pay 10.6% for the rest of staff, which is 76 mil? . I had run a half a billion business before, and if the management staff operating cost exceeds 2%, I need a basket to catch my falling head.
It is beautiful outside where I live and I hope that is as equally lovely for you, whereever you might be.
I asked the folks up in Lakeville the status the town's discharge permit and received this reply:Legally, Barnstable is still operating on the permit issued in 1980. As a courtesy they are operating as if the 1989 permit is in effect. That permit could not be issued until the Town completed their CWMP and received a Secretary’s Certificate closing the MEPA process. That Certificate was issued in 2007 and we are waiting for the Town to complete more hydrogeo work before issuing a new permit.I asked Gary Lopez to comment and on this timeline and he responded:That's not exactly fact...
Paladin Persecution by Lam McGra. This article, which could (and probably should) be taken somewhat tongue-in-cheek, nevertheless delivers a very usable set of suggestions for how to DM paladins in your D&D game. It offers many ideas for how to keep paladins "in line," adhering to their strict moral code and discussing how to penalize them if they stray too far from Lawful Goodness. I do not even allow paladins in my own Labyrinth Lord game, but I am in agreement with the thrust of this article and can imagine it being delightfully deployable by DMs who allow paladin PCs.
One minor complaint I have is that the controls can take a little getting used to (not really a big deal). Also, the camera can be finicky at times, but it's by no means a game-breaker.
6. Do you any allergies? Care to share what they are?
But what, you might ask, could be such an urgent resolution that it must be completed under such pressing circumstances? Surely it’d have to be something exciting or ambitious or positive or, at the very least, key to the success of the ensuing few months? Well, hm. Not exactly. Not unless you count entitling a document ‘The Last Will and Testament of Lisa Lynch’ as a particularly exhilarating assignment. So, yes. No bloody wonder the first week of 2012 has been something on the tricky side – as much for my husband as it has for me.
Never give up. Focus on my call, my art, my joy, my task and see it through.
I just really hate that this whole fiasco took place. It has soured me on Disney, and this will probably be the last time I go for a long, long time.
Basim Furat; Guyon Neutze & Jürgen Waibel; Mark Pirie; Niel Wright / 109-11
Crikey, if I took up all these offers of coffee, I’d astral project. And Polly Harvey – another eeek, musically somewhat of an acquired taste and a fair ways from mine. Tina and I meander down the stairs to be met by a barrage of discordal noise. Blackwell said once that PJ had wanted to sign to Island because of Tom Waits – that’s all very well, but while Tom’s music is also something of an acquired taste, at least he has amazing songs.
An alligator glided quietly into the water from a few yards away. It was a big bull – easily twelve feet long from nose to tail. It’s tail swung in an almost leisurely manner propelling it through the water with hardly a sound. Only its nose, eyes and a few of the scutes on its back protruded from the murky water. Despite its lack of speed, the gator obviously swam with a purpose.
M: "Good, that means that while I'm at the lake I can beat your word count to the dust. You won't even see it coming and you'll never be able to catch up." *growls*
It’s hard to believe that Georgetown Art in the Square is only a little over one week away. We’re excited to be bringing this festival to the historic town square for the third year. There couldn’t be a more perfect setting for an art festival; if you haven’t spent an afternoon in Georgetown, next weekend will be the perfect time to do it! The historic buildings provide the perfect backdrop for fabulous art. This year’s line-up of artists includes Mark Coyle, featured artist in 2010 at the Poppy Festival; and Sheryl McDonald, this year’s featured artist at The Shops at La Cantera Art Festival.
5. Reading texts aloud in class
You want sparkling floors, and hospital corners????
With X, it was the way he would pull me close in the morning, curve his body around my own. And with another couple whose intricacies currently interest me, it’s how he would bring her tea in the morning. Or perhaps not how or that he brought her tea, but the way she described it, how it made her feel. Action, and then more importantly, reaction. The small things…not really small at all…
Preheat oven to 350-degrees.
Cross Stitch
I am sooo sorry that I haven't been writing in my blog for sooo long... I have been busy helping my Granny pack! She is moving up to Dawson Creek! Mom and Dad have left the farm to help move the furniture and boxes... They are now in Hundred mile and are soon to be here tomorrow... Granny and I have packed over 30 boxes now and soon to be more:) Anyways I thought I would let you know!
Criminals always lie about their actions to avoid punishment for their crimes.
January 25, 2012 -
Participating students are from Brooklyn Technical High School, Cobble Hill School of American Studies, The Packer Collegiate Institute and Saint Ann’s School.The exhibit opening will be June 5 with a reception from 5:30 – 7:30 p.m. and is free and open to the public.
The ones I did do: travel to a new place (Tampa, FL), finish the Kellie and Steven year 1 minibook, go on at least 1 photoshoot (i did 2), go on a bike ride in riverside, make a minibook out of paintchips, have a picnic in the park, let go of grudges (still working on this, but I've come a long way), declutter home, save monet, finish Lost seasons, bike more, and fingerpaint.
The garden calls and I must answer.
Omega Pharma Quickstep (Belgian Super Team – formed by the merger between Omega-Pharma-Lotto and Quickstep teams)
(Mama Chin uses unbleached when she wants a bit of fluff, or whole wheat when she wants a nuttier flavor, or half and half when she’s in an indecisive mood. Note: whole wheat will make these rolls a touch drier and more crumbly and people will use their fingers to catch every crumb.)
Can Mr. Paul become the next president of the United States? At the risk of inflaming his supporters, I must say I doubt it. The media’s message is that he no longer exists, the question is settled and Mr. Romney is the Republican nominee. It is true Mr. Paul’s most ardent supporters are strenuously working at the precinct level to tilt the delegate count at the Republican convention in his favor. Do they have the numbers to pull that off? I don’t know. But knowing the ones involved locally I would guess their chances are better than 50/50. Will that type of organized effort be successful in enough states nationwide to put Mr. Paul over the top? Your guess is as good as mine. I’m not even going there.
Will we see you there?
his wild and crazy hair....typically full of snarls
The crescent sun gave an amber glow to the plumes of dust, a vehicle arriving. We’d been waiting at the corner for over an hour now, listening to the wilderness welcoming nightfall and tolerating the tse-tse. A passing family, headed for a weekend’s fishing on the Kafue, informed us that our arranged lift was just a little way back, repairing a puncture. Poor Charlotte! She’d meant to leave Lusaka early that morning, been delayed most of the day and now had a puncture too! So began our little adventure of crossing Zambia’s Kafue National Park.
Garlic*
Like my crush on Christopher, my method of seduction (or lack thereof), was basically staring at the guy all the time, memorizing his class schedule, looking him up in old yearbooks, and making my poor friends listen to me obsess about him.
And I’m diseased by this desire of situational adoration
Peter speaks first, alluding to his call to baptize Cornelius: “Brothers, you know that in the early days God made a choice among you, that by my mouth the Gentiles should hear the word of the gospel and believe,” (v7). Peter appeals to his experience at Cornelius’ (Acts 10) and concludes with this assessment: “We believe that we will be saved through the grace of the Lord Jesus, just as they will,” (v11). Barnabas and Paul also make a personal appeal, relating all the signs and wonders God has provided in their ministry to the Gentiles. James, as one of the influential voices of Jerusalem, appeals to Scripture, turning to Amos 9 and God’s promise of restoration for His remnant people — including the Gentiles.
She's exhausted, that tiny tot. Today marked day one of her spring training.
Flick on the cellphone, tell me the time. I can hop on my bike, ride ten minutes to Manny Brown's, and get a glass of good craft beer. Ride ten minutes more, and even Store #0909 of the Stupid State Store System can offer me a selection of whisky that would make what I could find most places 25 years ago look sick.
So as you probably know, on Monday 23rd April lots of people all over the place are giving away books that were sent to them by the lovely people at World Book Night in exchange for their brilliant, original ideas on how to get people reading said books.
I bought this mainly for the swing-top bottle for homebrewing. I figured instead of paying $3 for an empty bottle I'd put down a dollar more and get a brew out of the deal. It wasn't worth much more than that empty sterilized sparkling green bottle I would have gotten plus I'd still have my hard-won buck-a-bill. I remember my brother collected beer cans when I was a wee little animal and many of the names of the empty cans come flying through my head at odd moments for no particular reason. Schmidts. Rolling Rock. Red, White & Blue. Old Frothingslosh! But the one that came to mind when I tasted this one and still does is Champale! I think there was a standard version and a pink concoction. I never tasted them but this is what I would imagine that it tasted like: a beer and a cheap champagne spilled into the same bucket and consumed by the deprived and the profane. A limp-wristed little back biter that gives you the throw-up face with a little lemon squeezed into the bile. 1.5 saggy boobs to the left of no thank you.
Babies travel in carseats. Those carseats are heavy and bulky and demand your full attention as you buckle and strap your baby into them, and into your vehicle. When you exit the vehicle to do your urgent errands on a hot day, wear the baby in a sling or put the kid(s) in a stroller and remove them from the car. This is complicated? Yes, it takes time and energy. You chose to have kids, right?
Join me next time for the end of season 7 with the classic story Inferno...
I prefer check or money order, but will take paypal.
We headed toward Doolin after our stop at the Rock of Cashel. We wove our way through Limerick, but didn't stop due to the advice from previous travelers. We only had a few hours until it would be dark and we were hoping to arrive sooner than that. Not to be. As they say, travel in Ireland does not go at the pace of the U.S. That's a good thing. It is just difficult when one is learning the limitations of driving on the left, in a stick shift, in the dark, in the rain.
It was a list of reasons to homeschool, prepared eight years ago, in anticipation of our first homeschool registration visit from an Authorised Person. I thought I'd have a fight on my hands and wanted to have my ammunition ready. As it turned out, our AP was a lovely woman who enjoyed looking at the girls' artwork and the books in our bookcase and was perfectly content for us to homeschool. After she left, I put the manifesto on the school shelf and it's been there ever since.
15. If you could go anywhere in the world on vacation, where would you go? Portugal or Greece
Today is “D” day. Today, with over 400.00 in parts in hand I am about to embark on fix’n it. I’ll keep you posted. Oh, and as for the slide gate on the top of the dam that required a hammer and a lever and a big guy to open, we hired a really talented welder who build us a hydraulic lift to slide the gate. He did his job and then some and I can say for sure he did more than fix it!
‘He shook his head.
Every time that Barkley appears on Dan Patrick or with Howard Eskin it’s a must listen for me. I’m very glad that the committee of voters got it right.
*Use of 15" LED monitor with countdown timer (see yourselves live on screen)
1/2 cup mead
Alright, I just can't wait for you to come over anymore.
Life is sweet, don’t think it isn’t. There may be trials in your world today, but they are temporary. Time—along with trials—will pass. Don’t waste time fretting about what could have been. We should always hook our wagons to the “what-is”, remembering who it is that’s holding all of our tomorrows; because honestly … it isn’t us.
I might offer my first born son if they could get it done and up by tomorrow.... LOL
April 26, 2012 – 3:44PM
Soooooooooooo......
I found this very cute patriotic print at Joann's Fabrics last week. Make sure to get on Joann Fabric's mailing list. The coupons you receive are well worth it.
single way of creating a seamless DWT, which is by maintaining updated sums of
Or gleams of death
*”I’m exhausted from hanging on the ledge and having some kid’s foot on my fingertips.”
What is a spiritual doula?
Are you the same person that you were ten years ago? Do you still look upon things the same way that you did ten years ago? Looking back, think of the things that you used to consider to be good in your life. Has your opinion of these things changed? Has your opinion shifted with time?
Revelation 3:12
Nicholas Royle – Anything But Your Kind
Defending justice—was that such a joke?
The last game got pushed to Friday because of a rain out earlier in the week and that was just fine because then we could actually go out like big kids and be festive with the drinking of spirits and such. It was not quite as heart stopping as the game the night before and we were also a tad worn down from staying up so late watching said game and then dragging ourselves to work the next day BUT it was still a great game- and who cares how it all went down- they won the World Freaking Series!
Boys and their toys. Boys will be boys. But the boy is so much more than just the common behaviour patterns of his gender. The boy is a person, just like any other child. Let’s try to see beyond his gender then, shall we?
Now you understand how to make application for a job in McDonalds, take the possibility to achieve this now and get the dream job that you want.
My husband looked down to see if he could see anything and said "the head's out!", whoops, seemed I'd forgotten to mention that! The next couple of minutes were incredible. I felt a movement and shouted at my husband to stop touching the baby! "I'm not!" he said. Then again, another movement - "DON'T touch him!", "I'm not!!".
“Remember the last spring when you first met Mickey from the two doors down and the bite he gave you became infected?”
You can donate to Librotraficante's work. Though the caravan itself will end on the 17th, Librotraficante will continue its work at providing books to "Underground Libraries".
Do you have a food memory that has always stuck with you?
And when they rolled
By harnessing the power of digital technology, these five companies have offered resources to citizens in need, helped to eliminate landfill junk and funded social entrepreneurs who will effect real change on a global scale. While the companies are diverse, they share a common thread — a passionate leader who’s devoted to improving lives.
Well, the wonderful "One World One Heart" event isn't over yet, but I just wanted to add a huge thanks to all of you who took the time to stop by and leave a comment on my blog! It's just been delightful reading your comments and also visiting your blogs.
The horizontal tube extends completely through the box between two of the vertical tubes. The slanted tube rests on one of the protruding sections of the horizontal tube and empties into a smaller sensory table.
The silver helmets might give the opponents a hard time during day games because of the intense reflection of the sun. They’re supposed to look like the helmets of knights, and with that explanation, the helmets are not as offensive as first thought.
June 26 - July 3 - Need coverage
There were also 4 duet performances… all were good, but the Jessica/Joshua duet was outstanding. They sang Aretha Franklin and George Michaels “I Knew You Were Waiting For Me” and it was really good. She seemed to play off of his energy and soul.. and answer him each time. Really cooool. The others, Skylar/Colton, Hollie/DeAndre, and Elise/Philip were good, but not as noteworthy as the Jessica/Joshua duo.
4. Memoir writing is an on-going process. We learned that we’re always writing memoirs, and I suppose that’s just because life is always going on until we die. And anything that happens to us might be important in the future; we just don’t know it till we get there.
I just don't think it's a very good idea, Gimme.
I Love New York For Him was a runaway hit with the men in my office. They have tested fragrances for me in the past. But never have they bickered over who would keep the lab bottle. One co-worker offered me $25. I laughed the offer off. He proceeded to stare me down in a bullying way. The opening notes are ginger, juniper berry and grapefruit zest. It is a bright green. Peppy and full of energy. The middle notes are a lavender(soapy), geranium, patchouli (rooty) and leather. The drydown is a cloud of sandalwood, labdanum, musk and amber.
The other side of the greenhouse is a lawn with a bench set on glass bottle bottoms and hedging set at each of the four corners of the lawn. It was unusual and I felt was a bit odd but life would be boring if we liked everything we saw.
Nicole is celebrating the release of Beyond Molasses Creek with a fabulous "Friendship" Facebook party! She'll be giving away a ton of great stuff (KINDLE TOUCH, some of her own beautiful artwork, a Book Club Prize Pack (10 copies of the book for your small group/book club and a Live Skype Chat with Nicole), and more!
1 pleased
"What must be said is that it is a European tradition to accuse the Jews before the Passover festival of ritual murder,” the statements reads.
Well, folks, there you have it. Two heart-warming tales of cannibalistic dumbassery. Have a merry Christmas.
Throughout episode 2 and 3 there are many non-mecha scenes drawn by Obari but I think his mecha scenes are the best. This next one is probably one of the best looking scenes in the show, he handled the mecha and even the effects work too I believe. Well, there is an FX explosion bonanza in the final climactic scene(not in this clip) which looks great, but I’m not sure if Obari was involved with any of that, so anyway:
Serves 10-12
Didjelirium is a sick individual, suffering from this lethal curse called ‘humanitis’. So death is mainly what the future holds for Didjelirium. Maybe in 200 years from now on, if there are still humans on Earth – I sincerely hope not, for the sake of the universe - someone will find my writings and/or hear my music and realize how prophetic it was. Or maybe not. And whatever will be fine. Meanwhile, I shall keep rocking my foolish boat, letting aboard all the other foolish dreamers I will meet on the way and telling my stories to whoever might be crazy enough to ask about them. Most of them are being gathered in this project called Original Fools, in collaboration with Damscray, from Orenburg, Russia, and I can’t but advise you to listen to it, simply because you won’t otherwise. If you need a genre to locate it on the music map, we do what we call ‘Spice Opera’. It’s a lot of fables about distant worlds and different beings that somehow, live and act exactly like earhtlings. It might interest you. But don’t feel sorry if you don’t, I’ll understand. I never expect anything from anyone, so I’m always happily surprised, no matter what. For the most important is not the destination nor any final goal, but the journey toward it and the people we meet on the way. So let the music play !
4.Make a well in the center of the flour mixture and pour the blended ingredients into the well. Mix until well combined.
Today's new edition of Saturday Sharing reflects just how eclectic the Web's offerings are. Take a moment and browse the maps at Flowing Data, a site dedicated to computer scientist Alan Turing, the interactive Body & Soul, ballet in ultra slow-motion, and a digital archive of World War I poetry. Also enjoy listening to today's video recording of Marian McPartland's musical tribute to environmentalist Rachel Carson.
“You can be addicted to a certain kind of sadness”.
and that joy and peace will come.
I thought this was such a cute project! I found this super cute wood hanging and I thought I would doctor it up with some awesome October Afternoon Sidewalks goodies! I used the saying "You are my sunshine" because my mom would always sing that to me and my sister when we were younger. I will never forget that. It was a vinyl rub on that filled the hanging perfectly. I made all of my photos black and white for a more uniformed look and added yellow twine to allow it to hang.
20 each
Just an update of what I've been up to craft-wise. I'm trying to refine my skills and work not just to complete a project, but to be better the next time. So, although I don't have too much to show for, I'm happy with what I've done.
What is my driving force
Stay tuned.
As far as extracurricular activities go, we haven’t been doing too much. And when we do, I don’t document it with pictures. We did get our tax refund back and in my dreams I think of getting a sewing machine or a DSLR camera. Realistically thinking, it won’t happen, but a girl can dream :)
Please share, if you are willing.
2) It allows me to be completely honest in a way I would not feel comfortable with if I were posting my comments online.
Men who suffer from prostate cancer may start to breathe a little easier now that encouraging news has been released on a new form of treatment.
outlining a radiant smile
” I am sure, you wont come back again, so I am not leaving you right now.”
3:36 Michelle Obama’s reaction to ‘big ear joke.’ Awesome.
Such gorgeous vignettes, non?
I had been wanted to read this book for some time. I ended up getting it to listen to on audiobook at one of Audible's book sales. It was an okay book, while there wasn't anything technically wrong with the story I had a lot of trouble engaging with the story or the characters.
Today Eric and I went to the Versailles train station to make my reservations for Geneva. He parked in the taxi parking place (which everyone does here) but unfortunately his car got towed away. It took us one hour to get the reservation because the people were so slow. I wanted to start organizing them in a better fashion....
Father's Name: J. Manlick
Here is what my favourite little house looked like at the end of March. I mentioned in my post Believe it or not, it’s still standing!! that if our snowfall this year had been normal, I don’t think it would have lasted the winter, but it got a reprieve because of the relatively tame winter we had.
We went on our annual road trip to South Carolina two weeks ago. What a great trip! The weather was AMAZING. We were able to go to the beach every day, ride bikes, golf, walk, rent boats and fish. We crammed as much as we could into our 7 days there. And we drove, which was once again a great adventure. When stopping at a gas station in the Blue Ridge mountains of N.C., one of the kids, upon hearing the strong southern accent, asked, "what country are we in?".
And what if mind seem changed,
express hostility.
Otherwise, not much really going on in baseball news. Red Sox appear set. Yankees are set. Now it is just going to see what happens with spring training about to start (9 days baby!).
All of this makes a nonsense of tiresome debates at the despatch box and on Newsnight about the technicalities of recession: we are financially and mentally in a depression – and heading for a slump. But one sector of London life is bucking the trend: houses and apartments above £6M. Chelsea, for example, is having a mini-boom…and there, the restaurants are heaving. My elder daughter works in upmarket sales and rentals. She tells me they’ve never been so busy – dealing with billionaire bankers, Arabs, Russians and Asian entrepreneurs desperate to buy anything that’s big, flash and relatively handy for the City, marinas and office space they all seek.
I know I completed these two - looks like a Nine Patch and a Dresden - but I suspect they ended up as gifts for friends.
Just for us.
For those of us who teach, let me encourage you. You have a great responsibility. Please teach! And teach well. God deserves our best. But let us teach with humility- and on our face every day asking for His divine wisdom each morning, and thanking Him for His divine grace each night.
“As this was the first year the award was given, the trustees wanted us to talk that out and think about what we were actually asking of radical publishing,” explains Power. “We talked about whether it was a problem if a book was essentially academic or whether we wanted something that had already garnered a wide appeal. But our major political dicussion was around whether we were looking for something that diagnoses the present or summarises the past - or something that points the way forward.”
Michael and I will battle it out. And yes, may the best woman win.
7. Bury the past.Stop bringing up the past. Gals..don't bring up the happy things about u and your ex to your guy, it would jus make him jealous or unhappy. And guys, don't talk about the happy times that u had with your ex or mention about her in your every other sentence as it would make your gal feel un-happy and she might think that u saying all this b'cos u are gonna get back with your ex or not interested in her anymore.
“. . . a measles of infrastructure —
And see the other DT LO's.
I used some chalkboard vinyl I found at Michael's for the Holy Family for this scene.
One of Boko Haram’s main goals (as its name implies) is to prevent Nigerian Moslems from getting a Western education (despite that being what most parents want). So far this year 14 schools have been destroyed, leaving 7,000 students without an education. The threat of attack on schools, and teachers, has kept over 100,000 other students away from class at least some of the time.
Soon after word reached the homeland that Iran had shutdown the Strait of Hormuz global panic hit global financial markets and oil prices skyrocketed over $400 barrels. But that was only the beginning as reports soon came in that among the critical infrastructure destroyed by Iran included key oil production facilities in Saudi Arabia where Saudi Arabia had stockpiled oil in preparation from the attack on Iran. Even more devastating is news that those stock piles would not be replaced because Iran took out several Saudi Oil pipelines and drilling sites. Soon after massive hyperinflation hits the markets and the dollar becomes nearly worthless as nations around the globe realize that 2/3 of the world’s oil supplies had just been removed from the equation and modern civilization was on a freight train heading toward a brick wall.
BEAST will be starting off the concert in Seoul on February 4-5th, 2012 and move on to Germany (Berlin), England (London), Spain, America (3 cities), Canada (2 cities), Singapore, Japan (5 cities), Thailand, Taiwan, Indonesia, Philippines, Hong Kong, and more totaling to 14 countries, 21 cities, and 35 concerts.
Price: $4
HAHAHAHA!
I think, no, I know she is really miffed at me for bringing in these two, but now she knows how Sampress felt when she usurped his position as the cutest one in the house! We are still going to be putting the birds in the dressing room at night or when we aren’t at home just to keep things safe and so the Cleopatra doesn’t completely exhaust herself.
Jesus retires to the Mount of Olives to pray and to wait for his betrayal. What does Jesus ask his disciples to pray for? What does Jesus pray for himself? Note that a “cup” was often used as a symbol of God’s wrath.
Neil Doncaster - Yeah, there was a general agreement across all the clubs that Scottish football is in a very sensitive position at the moment. There’s a lot of passions that are running high and the right thing to do is to let some more clarity emerge from Ibrox over the next few days and in that context potentially get round the table again next Monday and think again. These aren’t rules that potentially affect one club, but potentially affect all twelve clubs and what is important is that we have a full set of financial fair play rules. Clubs are very keen that there should be financial fair play rules in place that ensure there’s a real motivation to live within your means going forward but equally those rules could apply, would apply, to all twelve clubs.
December 20, 2010
I keep my 6x6 pads in a small IKEA basket that I have put dividers in. I have made the dividers with my favourite papers of all time. The brown papers of the Fika collection by Maja Design.
Let’s be honest, dogs are a lot more work than many other types of pet. They aren’t as independent as cats and can get into a lot more things around the house. If you’re family wants an animal but doesn’t have the time to devote to a dog or cat, consider a hamster or something else that can be kept in a cage. Also, if you don’t want to deal with the constant cleaning that can come with cat and dog hair, maybe an animal that’s contained in a cage is a better choice for you.
Holden and Miller must thread the needle between the Earth government, the Outer Planet revolutionaries, and secretive corporations - and the odds are against them. But out in the Belt, the rules are different, and one small ship can change the fate of the universe.
I've read many a rave review about Liz Earle products, but never indulged, mainly because of the price but also because these products aren't really that easy to come by. However this Sheer Gold Shimmer was recommended in Company magazine and I really fancy giving it a try. I'd really like something that would give a subtle shimmer to my skin, especially when its tanned on nights out or hopefully give a gorgeous glow when out in the sun. I found that on the Liz Earle website you can get this for £8.49 for 50ml, however I found a bottle on eBay for £4.00 inc P&P.....
Somewhere in the corner of my heart I was so sure
“Nothing,” Naida turned away and started walking.
Last month was my husband's birthday. The best part of the day was tricking him into believing he was a year older than he actually is. Ahhh, the joys of having a wife like me, I can't imagine what it's like for him.
Weight: Approximately 6 lbs
year approval was gained to begin the Select Committee to Investigate Pornographic Materials, dealing
I passed by recently, and found the bar, which was founded in 1969, had been supplanted by a cheery-looking place with the cheery name of Skylark.
whimsies
The result of the business cycle is that PETA wins donations and reinforces their reputation as the “watchdog” over industry, enabling them to perpetuate the cycle indefinitely. Non-vegan donors win a “victory” and a false sense that they are doing something to offset their own personal contribution to the hell that their innocent victims endure. The animal exploiters win by increased misguided public confidence that these products are “humane” and by obtaining the public relations support of a (so-called) animal “rights” organization. The losers, of course, are the innocent beings who are exploited and killed for the trivial pleasures of those who see them as commodities.
What they have seen
Let it go.
We had fun looking through his past work, Dennis telling me about how he made the poster, how it was printed, etc. (we've been geeking out on print shop talk now for a while). That Jimi Hendrix poster is a reprint, but Ray Manzarek of the Doors is holding out for an original, if it's still available. (Yes, this is a name-dropping sort of place. But the cool thing is that these artists actually know the musicians, who love their work and inspire more.)
In Exodus 12 v 31- 36 when the fire of God fell in the land of Egypt, Pharaoh sent for Moses in hurry, the one who had said “who is your God, I don’t know him and I am not going to let you go”, now said, go quickly, go and worship your God and bless me also. I can see Moses saying, I thought saying you don’t know my God and you are now asking my God to bless you. All those who have been asking where is your God? you will laugh last over them.
Showed him how much he meant the world to me
Artwork Deadline: July 15, 2012
But if I have an ingredient that is rare or just not popular in the States (potimarron, Jerusalem artichokes, etc), I turn to Marmiton. Marmiton is a less "professional" in that visitors to the site can post their versions of the recipes or even submit a recipe, but this often means they're more homey and less complicated.
Book you've learned the most from: Bible
Unfortunately one major difficulty stands in the way of such a picture, and it’s one that was mentioned last week: empires attract doubletalk the way a dead rat attracts flies. Some of the doubletalk comes from rival power centers, outside the empire du jour or within it, that hope to excuse their own ambitions by painting that empire in the least complimentary colors that can be found, but an even larger amount gets produced by empires themselves—or, more exactly, by the tame intellectuals that empires produce and employ in numbers as large as the imperial economy can support. Between the doubletalk meant to make any given empire seem much worse than its rivals, and the doubletalk meant to make the same empire seem much better than its rivals, understanding is an early casualty.
“The sand is everything else…The small stuff. If you put the sand into the jar first, there is no room for the pebbles or the golf balls. The same goes for life. If you spend all your time and energy on the small stuff, you will never have room for the things that are critical to your happiness.”
Smoked Turkey and Bok Choy
2) Review rule #1.
Major Publishers Turn Amazon Down
Even the Happy Birthday part? Gee these guys are tough. You’d think a blood sucking vampire would have a heart. Where else do you drive the stake?
Rubber duckie, I'd like a whole pond of -
We tapped again to this video….and then let her take a big rest….afterward making plans on how she can make it right….doing chores in order to buy her friend a candy bar and replace the stolen one.
I even began to blog about things I’m cooking at home to try and bring myself to want to cook more. While I’m more able to maintain a level head when I’m hungry and I’m enjoying the learning of cooking (slow as it may be), I’m still having problems with finding things I want to eat. Even now, I know I need to find recipes for next week, and currently I have no idea what I will be cooking. Nothing sounds good.
It would be a blatant stereotype to assume that each and every soul in these regions are involved in this type of conflict, as most are simply scared and uneasy and simply want to make it through the next day and to the next meal with their Lives and the Lives of their families intact.
These extremes seem to have helped him settle in nicely with a well-informed and balanced view, able to to comfortably exist, engage, and critique in a world of poly-everything.
The Sultan said Malaysia was not like some countries, where there were no democratic avenues, including elections, and that it was wrong for any Malaysian to emulate the protests there.
You can live without your mobile phone. Yes, believe me you can. Don’t look at me like that – remember till about ten to twelve years back that none of us had a mobile, and we are doing ok, thank you. But now every Tom, Dick and his dog has a mobile, and feels incomplete without it.
My dear ruminant chewing
The Poppy Family Of Cities & Escapes (London)
So I was worrying about this necklace, agonizing over how I was going to force myself to work on it. I had been making all sorts of promises (and threats) to myself - just do an inch, come on now - just an inch a day! But I just couldn't. And since I had vowed not to start anything else, I have had the most unproductive 8 days of my beading life - I have gotten nothing done, creatively. I have balanced the books, vacuumed, dusted, cleaned the bathroom, played on the computer (Pinterest, I'm looking at you!) - but no jewelry design! I even had to tackle a huge pile of do-over jewelry (repairs) one day last week, and I actually got up and moved to a whole other table, with a brand spanking clean bead mat, bringing all my tools with me, since there was no room on my own workbench! Sad.
I said I'd never do it, said it was a bridge too far. Funny how you never know exactly how far is too far until you get there, eh?
Scrap coconut. Roughly chop green chillies. Grind green chillies and coconut alongwith salt to a coarse powder.(DO NOT ADD WATER). Transfer to a bowl, squeeze half a lime and temper with mustard seeds.
After that debacle, I decided to dry my hair with the blow dryer for a change. But NOOOOO! You can’t let me have that freaking luxury now, can you?! Instead, the red button popped out and the damn dryer won’t turn on. And I am TOO short to reach the plug above my bathroom mirror. So, once again, it’s air-drying as per most every other after-shower regimen.
Everyone directly involved with the case will now expect Mrs. Breivik senior to be arrested, there is absolutely no way around that fact.
The first is marketers' irrational obsession with young people. As I have written many times here, this insane, costly preoccupation with young people makes no business sense and is just a ritual left over from a long-gone era.
Therapist: My sister is settling into her new place. She hopes to have functional internet by the weekend. I will send you a g-note when I am back on line regularly, until then, I just check email when I go to town.
I walked downstairs into the dungeon, to find 4 or 5 of my 7 players sitting around our table already, which was another awesome moment. In the next few minutes the rest of the players showed up and my table of 7 was full. We ended up pushing 3 cafeteria tables to fit all 8 of us. Jenna was eating a taco salad (ooh it looked good) and Dana brought out a bag of animal crackers. Almost all of them had their own mini’s, and I had a few for the others to choose from, which was this hilarious demon thing for the genasi swordmage, and a bag-carrying minion as the brutal rogue. Both minis were chosen by the players, I will post a picture of these soon, as they are hilarious. Roy and his wife had each painted their own minis, a priestess and a dragonborn, which looked very nice. We chatted a bit and I slowly started mentioning some game bits, pointing out the map, joking about last week (the breath weapon attack was a hoot) and soon the game began in earnest.
(Need)
The monsters are (in the view of the clerics) chaos and evil manifest. The clerics wage a savage holy war against the denizens of the underground and are willing to martyr themselves in the service of their gods.
magic lolita
Not only is the right savings product important, but also the accessibility of that product. Often poor women that live in rural areas need to travel extremely far distances on a regular basis, many times by foot, to access traditional savings at banks. Not only is this inconvenient and exhausting, but involves time away from their business and thus a loss of potential earnings, which they often cannot afford.
And a soul whose misdeeds were so voluminous that the skin of the Defaced was completely covered by an overlapping cyclorama of wretched inks? Suffice it to say that they do not return from the encounter.
Peter Murphy
Similarly, we read from Ephesians 5:11-12.
I asked if a candidate was behind the poll. “We’re just an public opinion research firm,” I was told. “We’re not hired by either of them. We just have a client who gives us these jobs."
I go to ‘my’ coffee place at least once a weekend. I have my own espresso machine at home, but still, it’s more fun to have a pro-barista make you one! I simply never manage to make the cute, little shapes in the milk. I love my milk with a dash of coffee and I do believe the milk-art adds to the overall coffee-experience. Do you know the song ‘I don’t like the drugs (but the drugs like me)’ by Marilyn Manson? That’s kinda how I feel about coffee… I need the caffeine, I don’t like the taste of coffee though.
- The Brooklyn Children's Museum has a whole lot of events planned for Saturday for kids and adults, some with an Irish theme, some with a Women's History Month bent. From their press team:
a. Take a deep breath, think to yourself: “I am calm;”
So instead, you get the childhood story I told Zach last night.
As she spent time in China, it become more and more her home. More and more a place she belonged and eventually, a place, she never wanted to leave.
Flowers -Wild orchid crafts
If I professed my bafflement,
Alberta’s politics run to the Conservative party both provincially and federally. They’re predictable. BC is not. We’re known as a swing province. If we’re not happy, we’ll vote the other way but for a long time we’ve been a more liberal or left wing province. That’s why the Liberals under Gordon Campbell came into power, because they pretended to be Liberals when they were as conservative as Alberta’s Klein government or more. In fact, I always suspected that Klein and Campbell were political bed buddies. Campbell certainly looked at what Klein did, then streamlined it and ignored the people. Christy Clark, who has not yet been voted in by the populace, is more of a Liberal but who knows by how much. BC might be a Liberal province but it’s been a combination on the federal level. And there is no guarantee we will stay that way and hardly likely. We’ve been NDP, Social Credit and Liberal. We’re more link monkeys on the vine, swinging this way and that.
Anyhow, my cousin was telling me about one of her best friends and how the girl's parents had formally disowned the child, and done so a long time ago, leaving the young lady to fend for herself, literally and figuratively. The young lady now, understandably, has some issues.
1979: Willie Stargell (MVP)
Good communication is a must; customer’s obviously don’t like to be left waiting just as we don’t. This is something that annoys me immensely so it really is something we keep on top of.
Tommy Harper is the third AL guy in a row which has been pretty rare so far in this set. He does break one streak though, in that his '73 season was a pretty big one. In a sort of comeback year Tommy boosted his offensive numbers pretty considerably in Boston and led the AL in stolen bases, setting a Red Sox record in the process. He gets a sunny spring training shot here, which is appropriate because he was generally a well-spoken, thoughtful guy. He got good props in "Ball Four" and his profile would get raised years later after he was done playing but we can get to that below.
You will note that there is some wiggle room in these statements. It is “almost certain” that humans are responsible; nasty things will “probably” happen. That is because all science can ever be is the best guess of the best minds. Also, the climate is a complex system, meaning it can behave in ways that are opaque beyond our most sophisticated calculations. But, as I have often been told, those statements are as true as any scientific statements can be, and nobody — I repeat, nobody — has been able to refute this. In short, to deny any of these statements is to put yourself beyond the bounds of rational discourse.
This will be a process of discovery, learning about the process and product of my own art works and seeing where the journey might take me artistically and personally.
We all left commenting that we would never take a breath of fresh air for granted again. The whole time we were there we were surrounded by dust and dirty white smoke from the burning garbage. It burned my eyes, and hundreds of flies swarmed the area.
“You may concentrate on appearances all through the rest of your house, but in the bedroom comfort should be supreme. I think that bedrooms should also be very intimate rooms-they should express your personal preferences in every way...Of all the rooms in the house your bedroom is yours.”
It is, to a spectacular degree, a horror film about faith, and particularly about the conflict between a modern scienced-driven world of normality and reason and the realm of faith, religion, God, Satan, the soul. And there are many scenes and individual shots that play into this, of which the one that has always impressed me the most is the cringe-inducing examination scene, where poor little Regan MacNeil (Linda Blair) is being poked and prodded in the most squirmy, painful-looking ways in the hopes of finding an explanation for her strange affliction. The subtext, of course, is that all of this modern medical suffering she undergoes is completely pointless: no doctor can diagnose what Regan suffers from.
Do not give up and do not give in,
Things are moving right along here in the Jenkins household. Tyler has started his new job and thus was unable to attend today’s thirty-week appointment. He now works weekends, in preparation for being a stay-at-home daddy during the week; Morgan’s in for a treat! His schedule now, though, is all over the place since he has some training to do as he transitions in with the organization.
I wasn’t planning on my last post for A to Z sounding so much like a mini literary analysis, but the book lends itself to discussion, academic or otherwise, and would be a great springboard for discussions with students about race and segregation in the U.S. post-Civil War.
Here are this weekend's scores:
A close up of the sweet birds with some rained beaten blooms. We had over a inch and a half of rain yesterday! The blue-purple is my lace cap hydrange and the pink I can not remember the name, but they grow fast and come back year after year.
Dearest Dragon
#56 TERRELL MANNING- Inside Linebacker- NC State:
International food prices spiked almost 40 percent last year, indicating that the monetary price is finally catching up with the true costs of cheap food: obesity in the U.S., malnutrition in developing countries and environmental degradation everywhere. This issue is devoted to these problems and some possible solutions, many of them sprinkled throughout the essays and reports.
Years later, while JP (Pablo’s eldest son) attended college, he stumbled upon a program sponsored by ALBA (Agriculture Land Based Training Association) called PEPPA (Programa Educativo Para Pequeños Agricultores). This program, along with the education JP received at CSUMB gave his family the tools necessary to realize the dream of one day being their own boss. Pablo and Florencia took a chance and quit their jobs to train with ALBA and eventually leased some land to grow organic fruits and vegetables.
Absolutely, everyone demand any mobile to help contact anybody or perhaps to distribute a message. Some phone is without a doubt probably the perfect approach to express having anyone however , sms is going to be any substitute towards pass on a similar communication when we could not speak. At times, the idea may possibly turn out to be simply because sending a good sms will be much less expensive than just a simply call. For that reason, men and women favor to help you post a content material instead of developing some speak to.
and, so we made the best of it and partied indoors.
1. They have a sense of style. Not just the ones who look gay, but all Chinese men seem to have a good sense of style. I don’t see the baggy jeans all torn up around the bottom from dragging on the ground that I see at home. Chinese men do seem to keep their shoes immaculately clean and even shiny in some cases. They wear shirts that fit properly and aren’t old, faded, or deodorant stained under the arms. They freely wear all kinds of hats, ties, suit jackets and even have those man bags (suspiciously feminine but doesn’t mean you’re gay.) They keep up their hair styles and trim their beards for the precious few that can grow them.
**This camera has been used this year, however it is in mint condition, and will be shipped in the original box with dvd and instructions and all included accessories.
So, overall it's better not to leave a worn pair of jeans or socks or shirt on the floor before you head upstairs to go to bed. And, like I said, usually they're both pretty good about it. You see, I have my methods:
Not a long post about our weekend because I was sick Friday and most of Saturday from the yucky sore throat/cold going around. B had it first, passed it to me, and now Daniel is getting it. Luckily with medicine around the clock we can all breathe better!!
It was a bit unbelievable. "She is reading! Books! And I read her chapter books--not picture books! She is verbose, for fuck's sake!"
Nick recognizes the deceased as the organ merchant. After searching the shop and asking forensics to test everything, he notifies Rosalee, dead-Fred’s sister. She comes to Portland from Seattle to close her brother’s shop and demand an arrest. Unfortunately for her, Nick and Hank are unexceptional detectives so they have no suspects.
He’d hung around a bit more over the last couple of weeks, getting to know when they were indoors, working out when his best chance might be. He’d realised she was usually home on a Friday, staying inside where he couldn’t see her until around tea time, then she’d come out and cut the front grass. Must be her way of marking the beginning of the weekend, he’d thought, and if she’s doing the front grass, the chances are she’ll do the back as well. That turned out to be just what she did, the front, then the back, every Friday afternoon.
Another new sponsor this month who we are really pleased to welcome Addicted to Stamps, do check our the store as they have some fabulous stamps and loads of other inspirational and unusual goodies.
This time don’t need another perfect line, don’t care if critics jump in line I’m gonna give all my secrets away.
I’ll let you guess. Guessed? Good.
It started out as a normal day. As we had been Friday and Saturday, we were paying attention to the news to see coverage of the tornado damage inflicted on our state and neighboring states. We were touched by the story of the baby girl found in a field, all alone, near her home. We were touched more deeply when we heard that all other members of her family had been killed and she was in critical condition. And we, as a family, were saddened to hear of her passing.
Towards the end of last season, the New York Rangers called up one of their prospects, and most Ranger fans were anxious to see him being given a shot. Unfortunately, Dale Weise did not get a chance to see live action, but he did get the idea of what being a Ranger is all about.
I really, actually, love where I live...but we are way out of our league on most accounts. The fact that I was born and raised here makes little difference! It is NOT the same small town I rode my yellow metallic banana seat bike into to pick up a two dollar hoagie. Nor is it the same town with the five and dime store where you could literally buy candy for a dime! And it certainly isn't the town my parents grew up in...I think then there were more pheasants than people (yes, I said pheasants...when is the last time you heard someone speak of a pheasant?? I have fond memories of driving around with my Dad spotting them in fields...fields that are now things like Dunkin' Donuts, 7-11 and my current home).
42. Seeing beings of other dimensions. The veil between dimensions is thinner, so it is not surprising. Just stay in your sovereignty. You are more powerful than you can ever imagine, so do not entertain fear. Ask your guides for help if you slip into fear.
As well as roads and streets - expect to hear some uptown uptempo anthems celebrating farms, woods and parks - from Ella Fitzgerald, Solomon Burke, XTC and Lowell Fulsom. Right here at Chance Radio from 9 tonight...
Momo gave Aidan a really cute electronic toy cash register, and Aidan´s loving ringing up our grocery orders and giving us our bags of food.
Gram dhal (kadalai paruppu) - 1 tablespoon
I touched her lips; she kissed my fingertips.
“Don’t worry dear blogger, your effort was great
March 3rd
The next thing I know is the back of my car is hit and I'm forced off the road. Fortunately the speed is only about 20mph at this point, and therefore my life is saved. And my car is playing ten pin bowling with foot high wooden posts as my out of control car ploughs through them.
It was just the kick I've been looking for all along to spur me forward. And, as I have learned recently, all forward motion counts.
Call Blushing Bride today to schedule your appoinment 618-628-7800
Medalist – Cameron Young 36.
One of the easiest and most effective way to reconnect with yourself is to spend some time observing your surroundings. We all are part of the nature, yet for most of us nature has become a sort of alien subject. In our concrete home, we seldom or never care to look at the sky. To look at the rain drops, to experience the cool breeze, to walk on the grass, to observe the greenery, to touch a tender flower- all these tiny tasks can result in an instant connection with the nature. However, how many of us try to connect with nature this way.
Raising Eli has had it's fair share of challenges, that's for sure. But, being his mom and seeing what a happy child he is, even though he has so many challenges, has been the most amazing thing I've ever experienced. I can't believe some of the amazing moms of special needs kids I've met along the way. Moms who inspire me, educate me, listen to me, and simply "get" me!
Still, Bradley's nomination is on life support and will die if Democrats stick together. Quite extraordinary. Though Grits editorialized against his nomination before the committee hearing, I can't say I expected him to go down.
Can you just say, “Hey God, I am worried about this and I need your help,” and then just start worrying about it all over again. Of course not. I do it ALL THE TIME. I have to stop. I have to understand what Jesus was saying in Matt. 6. In verse 32 it says, “…and indeed your heavenly Father knows that you need all these things.” God knows before you ask. He still wants you to ask and communicate with Him as this establishes a relationship in which you will hear him speaking to you more clearly, but he already knows what you need. Don’t whatever this worry thing. It is a big deal. You really can believe in God. He will get you through any situation. Now, does that always mean it works out how we have planned. No, but that is because these are not our plans, they are God’s, and I think he knows better than you and I.
· They believe in the organization of apostles under pre-eminent apostles
Carpet and upholstery, tile and grout, finished or painted wood and laminates, linoleum and vinyl, concrete, brick, block, and more.
To higher ground.
Tim Southee / Jeetan Patel (pitch allowing)
The cards are absolutely wonderful to look at and they resonate deeply within me. As an angel artist I truly appreciate the use of colours and shapes on these cards.
The reformers in Liverpool and on this Blog say this, homophobic abuse and backstabbing has no place in a decent political party, especially not one that is hoping to save our people and our country, we will support our not only members but good friends. We were at all times going to work with people who supported Griffin, we accept we have differences of opinion and we were going to respect that however the Griffin/Dowson supporters decided they don’t like people who have different opinions and have now carried out these vile actions.
Denise sent me the beautiful stitchery in the first picture. The post office managed to break the glass into pieces, even though it was thoroughly wrapped and packed. I will make a trip to Home Depot to get a replacement piece. I already have a spot picked out for it to hang. And if the stitchery wasn't enough Denise also sent me that cute little sheepie. He is too cute. Now the hubby has to make me another peg rack! LOL! Love making some more work for him to do! Heehee!
"We are witnesses.
Just a note: Any barbwire fencing you see is because they had wandered onto someone's fenced property. They were wild, not trapped within a fence.
The number of unemployed went from 11,616,000 in 2009 to 14,485,000, an increase of 24%. Those receiving unemployment benefits rose 22.2%. The number of long-term unemployed increased 146%!
I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to desire to be dominated because it makes me feel good, not realizing that it requires another to desire to dominate, which is often the case with rapists or sexual offenders, who cannot control their “urges” and have lived their desire up to a point of compromising another human being.
The other game was to make a baby out of playdoh. The guests received about 15 minutes to sculpt and then my sister chose the winner. Everyone got really into it and there were quite a few creative people at the shower!
Over the next two years, two high-profile film and television projects will be released featuring America’s 16th President, Abraham Lincoln. This December, Steven Spielberg’s Lincoln, a biopic on Lincoln set in the last three months of his Presidency, will feature Academy Award-winning actor Daniel Day-Lewis (Gangs of New York, There Will Be Blood, Last of the Mohicans) as Lincoln. This will be followed in 2013 by the highly-anticipated miniseries “To Appomattox,” which will feature acclaimed actor Stephen Lang (Avatar, Gods and Generals, Gettysburg, TV’s “Terra Nova”) as the President (There’s also Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter, which I flat out refuse to talk about on this blog). These two projects will add to the list of nearly 300 film and television portrayals of the man labeled our greatest President. But of all these different portrayals, which of these truly stand out as the best of the bunch? With this article, I shall look at my five favorite portrayals of Lincoln on film (so far). They are in sequential order, mostly going by year of release.
As the U.S. moves into new bases in the Asia-Pacific region and deploys more warships and warplanes to the Middle East, it can count on NATO to police Europe, the Mediterranean – North Africa and the western Middle East – the Horn of Africa and the South Caucasus on its behalf.
One roof we once lived under.
The Father and I are one.”
I have written a short story also and have subbed it by email today, so I'm feeling pretty good about a productive day so far.
Exercising decreases the stress hormone cortisol and releases endorphins. This hormone, in conjunction with adrenaline, seratonin and dopamine, generates a feel-good attitude to help you take on the world. Cardiovascular and aerobic exercises release the most endorphins of all workouts. So head on over to that Zumba class you’ve been wanting to try (Tuesday and Thursday at 6:45)!
48. It's not my dream job.
“It is vital that police and security services are able to obtain communications data,” said a Home Office spokesperson.
First, an excuse (of sorts): During a routine visit to a doctor yesterday, there was a minor incident. Despite it being somewhat embarrassing (I prefer to be seen as strong and healthy and capable), the good thing is that it led to the discovery of severe anemia. Well, not such a good thing, but it explained many things, including my serious, complete, and confounding exhaustion for the past six months. When your blood pressure is that low, apparently, they are surprised to see you even standing!
You Belong With Me – Taylor Swift
* The reason people find it so hard to be happy is that they always see the past better than it was, the present worse than it is, and the future less resolved than it will be. ~ Marcel Pagnol
Tea has had just as much if not more importance in the culture and history of China than in ours.
manifests: lifetimes
John 14:26-27 (NLT)
Despite my good intentions, or my lack of bad intentions, I was still hit by karmic upence when about four minutes later an enormous deer jumped over the construction fence to one side and crossed my path scaring the uttered obscenities out of my own mouth and into my balaclava. My heart may have stopped, I’m not sure.
Blair stood virtually alone against them, and lost.
It might be our weight, it could be our morals, or our devotional lives – any number of things. Why is it that when we know we would feel better and be better people if we kept to the discipline of these things we still go slack on them? Read the verses below and gain inspiration straight from the Word to encourage you to move ahead in whatever area is defeating you or taking glory away from God. I fully intend to get back into shape and look good for my son’s wedding – and I hope to stay that way, having reached my goal! I wish the same for you.
May you always do for others
“I had a couple people make grabs for my gear,” Muncy said. “They just didn’t want their pictures taken.”
I don't know who wrote this letter - though it was clearly sanctioned by the government. What I can tell you is that even if the flytilla idiots don't read it - Israelis are reading it and walking around the country smiling today. Oh, this letter is from each one of us - to each one of you idiots who think to take advantage of our democracy. You probably won't get very far today - most have already been turned down before they get on any planes - in Switzerland, Rome, Paris and elsewhere. Others have landed and been turned around. To each, these words come from our hearts!
Tee lets her in, and she just plops her ass right on the sofa. MJ and I both have our laptops open, working (which is, you know, how we keep the lights on and shit, but who gives a fuck, right?) but she doesn't even ask if we're working because nothing short of me actually throwing her out the door was going to get her to move. She chats for a few minutes, asks me about my foot, and then says she just wanted to "put it in our ear" that there were bedbugs and lice in the building. She skirted my questions about who in the building had them, but I'm pretty sure that the bedbugs are in the unit where her "friend" lives, and that the lice are on her grandchildren. I came to that conclusion, because the only person she annoys besides us is that one "friend", and she seems to think that "black children can't get lice".....I'm not too sure about that, but those children are mixed, and I don't know if that makes a difference, but they're the only children in the building either way, so this leads me to believe they are the ones with bedbugs, if they aren't the ones with lice. Patty made comments about going home to wash her hair with lice shampoo, and I asked her "Do YOU have lice Patty?" She seemed kind of upset about that and said no, she didn't. And then got up to leave, after not saying anything for a few minutes.Who the fuck thinks they have lice and then goes into someone else's house and sits on their furniture? I was at a loss for fucking words. She was just going to treat her hair "just in case". Uh huh, right. What the fuck ever.
14.What do I get experience for?
I'm taking a quick break from putting the bulletin together on this blustery, wow-winter-really-is-here day. (it's cold and bitter and not at all what we've become accustomed to)
Yesterday was my bookkeeping day, but it was so lovely out, I decided to take a side trip at lunch time to Plymouth's lovely old greenhouse, rationalizing that I could pick up some plants for Allegan. I used to love to visit the greenhouse where we lived in Chicagoland. It was huge. And old. And famous -- it was featured in the movie "Flat-liners*." Plus it was right around the corner from our house. One of my favorite spring rituals was to pack my son, Jack, in his wagon and head over, wandering for as long as he could stand it down its beautiful rows of plants. We had quite a big yard then, and it was great fun to pick out new plants to try together. As fate would have it, when I was putting yesterday's choices in the trunk, a young mom and her son pulled up, and began their search for the perfect wagon to pull down the rows. Every wagon her son tried was too big, so I hurried up so I could offer the one I had used -- a red Radio Flier, just the right size for small boys to pull. "Come on, Jack," she said as she thanked me for the wagon. Her son was Jack, too! Made me smile. There's just something wonderful about spring, wagons, flowers and boys!! xo
Sleep: About every other night I get a great night of sleep. On the off nights I wake up at 2AM and this little boy has decided to throw a party in the belly.
However Labor’s fortunes could be about to change with reports emerging that Peter “Tip” Costello has expressed some regret about leaving politics prematurely and would like to get back in the saddle (so to speak).
3 Fresh Sprigs of Rosemary
It is true. Many thanks to my friend for pointing out this obvious yet often ignored philosophy in our life. When we hike, the harder the trail is, the nicer the view will be. So hold onto our dream, keep walking, and always look forward to the amazing view in our life.
The woman sitting across from her looked more like a farmer than anything else. Her work clothes bore grass stains, and her fingernails were caked with dirt. Her short, white hair peeked out from under a crumpled men's hat. The only thing remotely witchy about her was that even though the wrinkles on her face put her at least at seventy, she seemed strong and didn’t stoop the way most old people did.
We've all had friends like this growing up: someone has this big idea for making "The Greatest Movie Ever Made"(c), gathering all his best buddies together after school, sneaking off to some remote field, abandoned building, getting some red dye and Karo Syrup, making sure the battery in his dad's video camera was charged up and filming chunks of scenes pieced together in a notebook during lunch or study hall.
Poppies consume the desert.
From now on … he was to sleep out in the garage. He could take his meals in the house and bathe and go to the toilet there, but those were the only times they wanted him in there.
For people who are marketing things, there are two ways to use Facebook -- the free way and the paid way.
Communication is the key
When my husband's job moved us from Texas to Oregon I was really worried about finding other moms to connect with. Having to start all over again really scared me. I really missed having my sister-friends around me. Then I got pregnant with my daughter and found a couple of resources that led me to a whole new group of amazing moms. The forums for the web version of Mothering Magazine let me to my "tribe" (def 2) and very soon I was no longer alone in a new town. Once I decided who would care for me during my prengancy and where I would give birth to my daughter I found yet another amazing group of women and families through the Andaluz Waterbirth Center. Some of those women have become my best friends.
Adding: Now that the Ohio bridge plot can conveniently be connected to Occupy, despite the fact that it almost certainly could not have reached the level of a conspiracy without the generous assistance of the federal government, the usual suspects (FOX) will doubtless smear the entire movement.
I am the last gift of the living to the dead;
I could see that they were trying to make me feel better. It was nice to feel whisked away, like they just wanted me to be cheerful instead of pissed off and sad.
Well, let me tell you, you really have nothing to be afraid of. I took a major step years ago and left a job that paid very well to get into radio. This just as I was starting my family. Ya, I was afraid. But it seems to have turned out alright.
Since Zuma’s ascension, wealth transfer in South Africa is expected to accelerate considerably and to resemble ever more closely the unabashed confiscation and dispossession brought about by Robert Mugabe in Zimbabwe. “Mandela, Mbeki, And Mugabe Sitting In A Baobab Tree K-I-S-S-I-N-G,” or Chapter Four, analyzes the significance of the unqualified support Zuma’s predecessors, Mandela and Mbeki, have lent the Zimbabwean dictator Robert Mugabe over the decades. “If you want to see the future of South Africa, it might not be a bad idea to look at the present in Zimbabwe.”
But only 1,001 voted in favour of striking – 48.5 per cent.
So, I'll remember to say thank you to water each time I encounter it today. The stuff is as precious as life itself.
Tom took this photo of me at the farm on the weekend. I popped out at about 8 weeks this time around.. I guess everything is pretty stretchy by now!
Me: “When did he rape you?”
William Swinimer, a Grade 12 student at Forest Height Community School in Chester Bain, N.S., was suspended Monday for repeatedly wearing the shirt to class. That decision was reversed on Friday, according to the school board, after the story made international headlines and provincial politicians weighed in with criticism of the suspension.
See him drink. From a bottle.
Several people I work with all drive civics and every time I see them pull in or I spot their car parked in the parking lot, I get a little nostalgic. I remember the feeling of my first NEW car.
At the request of the Kuumba Collective, a phenomenal group of African American artists, my "Two Faces of Eve" sculpture will be shown in a special breast cancer awareness section of their brand new gallery. "Two Faces of Eve" makes us question whether it is ugly, confusing, erotic, calm, elegance, merely a representation of disease in the body, or a pictorial of how cancer makes women feel going through chemotherapy, or . . . . ? You tell me what you think the sculpture represents.
that's you.... Cath...well done...you will enjoy your candy I am sure..
Happy February!
He then said that its up to me whether or not I get an MRI. He said some people choose to not have it unless they get worse, whereas some people feel the need to get the test. He told me that if, say, I were to put it off for three months, and my symptoms stay the same/get better, that greatly diminishes the already minimal chances of it being MS or a pseudo brain tumor, or something else. But, if that were my course of action, to contact him immediately if my symptoms worsen.
Andrew Cyrille & Maono With David Ware, Ted Daniel, Lisle Atkinson - Junction
But I fear I won’t reach the goal of slipping into my old, comfy pre-marriage jeans in the remaining time. Just because I can fasten the button doesn’t mean they fit well. Even if it is a step in the right direction, anyone who knows me will tell you I dress for comfort.
Yesterday You Yelled Yes!
The sheer curtains on the picture window were hung too low, so I kept them off until I find a better choice. I also started painting the breakfast room chairs. And by started, I mean I painted one. How about we have all kinds of fun and back waaaaay up...here's the kitchen when we moved in. Warning: cover your watch because this room is so homely it could stop time.
03 Call Any Vegetables 8:38
Vendors - top notch
The dream had such an impact on me that I began to fear travelling in airplanes. Every time a plane went overhead my heart would beat a little faster. I got married later in 1999 and my husband and I flew to Far North Queensland for our honeymoon. I remember telling him on the plane about my dream and how I was a bit scared. We both laughed at how silly it sounded.
Wednesday, October 20th at 7 p.m.
But like anything else, there are distinctions between some awful contemporary pieces from the big box chain stores, and the excellent antique or vintage pieces.
So please, folks, get it right. It's Beware. Writer Beware.
Lemon Basil - Well this one just sounds amazing, doesn't it? Who wouldn't want a hint of lemon in their pesto? This variety received rave reviews on the Baker Creek site. I can't wait to see how it does and what it actually tastes like.
The concept is simple really. For example, when ABC was at my house filming, they asked me, "Do you fight with your kids to do their homework every night?"
recognise the writers who use their blogs to connect with readers in the most imaginative, engaging and inspiring ways.
9. Everyday People—Sly and The Family Stone
Here comes another example of my mom's secret genius and another time when I realized this woman truly has me on a need to know basis for important shit:
I'll live, but my husband has decided he should get something to kill the bees in the compost. Problem is I've been working on that pile for like 4 years now.... Wouldn't bee killer be like some kind of compost napalm?
moyo muturikwa). Chirowodza the son of Chief Mangwende Katerere and others escaped to their country. Then the sons of Garo left their home in Rusike and went to live in Chishawasha.
Gift 1: (Jesus' birth) my nativity set, maybe just Joseph, Mary, and Jesus.
If anything has been brutally clear in whatever time I’ve spent working in the private sector, it’s that no matter how good of a person you are, or how loyal you are to your employer, if cuts need to be made, they will be made, regardless of your commitment and dedication.
I took the whole batch to the party and came home with the empty platter. A young man had 3 of them instantly. My husband was sad because there was no leftover.
Make these fabulous earrings with dangles of chain to give you an in style look. The white stone is actually a drusy which is beautifull but hard to photograph.
Next I will show you just two of my BMs that I happened to get pix of.
On November 24th, I brewed what I call a Winter Saison, with a starting gravity of 1.074 / 18 degrees Plato. I used two yeast varieties. One home-slanted variety that I've used before, and an actual wine yeast, namely Wyeast Bordeaux. They are still very active, even though I've transferred to secondary fermentation. At the time of the transfer, the gravity had been reduced to a specific gravity of 1.032 (or 8 degrees Plato).
Merv
Women bring a lot more to their marriage when they lack nothing but a desire for more of God, which reminds me of the quote by Max Lucado, "A woman's heart should be so hidden in God that a man has to seek Him just to find her." But of course as long as we're in the flesh we will never reach that place of complete perfection. We'll slip and we'll fall and we'll miss the mark from time to time, but it's certainly something we should press toward as we're learning to lean on God.
me write.
~ Maya Angelou
Hatsune Miku Matryoshka version costume! It's custom made order so it took around a month to reach. But I'm really happy with the fabric choice and workmanship of this piece. My previous costumes were all tailored made locally so I was rather uncertain how it will turn out. But after I try it on, I really like it a lot!
Money, then, is not a good master. If we work to earn money to feed our family, educate our children, or provide for our needs – we will be in increasing danger of not entering the kingdom of heaven in the days ahead. “No one can serve two masters,” Jesus declared. “Either you’ll hate the one and love the other, or you’ll be devoted to the one and despise the other” (my paraphrase of Matthew 6:24) What “two masters” was Jesus talking about? “You cannot serve both God
This commercial features the T-Mobile pink dress girl. I call her that because every commercial you see her in, she’s in a pink dress. Pink (magenta to be specific) being T-mobile’s signature color.
*Small craft paint brush
And in verse 17 He says again, “Fear not; I am the first and the last”. No one can honestly say that except they be the incarnate Son of God, God in flesh. Know Jesus and you will be able to discern the true from the false. Know the Word of God and you will know the Living Word of God. Remember what John wrote in John 1;
Sea Pak, Rich Whip, and French Meadow Bakery Review
Then the employers will know that by the end of the deadine we have given them our members will be ready to take further action if the offer is not good enough.
Thank you for your suggestions to my previous post! I think I'll do 'a week in the life of an unschooler' type thing, following both Michele and Signe's suggestions (well, not the suggestion to talk about Signe, but the unschooling one ;-) ). But for now, I wanted to share this exert, which I very much like. I've written in the past about how misguided I find the whole "Green Living" thing (you can check out my past posts on it here and here), and since this excert says so simply why I dislike the whole "Green" thing, I figured I'd post it too.
So I'm heading out to get de-electrified in a little while...and dreading it.
THAT FUCKING HAPPENED
Sports Bras
Possible: “Man or Muppet” and “Life’s a Happy Song” – Bret McKenzie and “Pictures in My Head” – Jeannie Lurie, Aris Archontis, and Chen Neeman (Original Song); Long Shot: Jason Segel and Nicholas Stoller (Adapted Screenplay)
Mmmmm, walnut oil in a pretty tin.
I'm pretty sure every family has them both... The person who squeezes the toothpaste & carefully rolls up the tube after they're done. AND the person who squeezes the tube every which way & leaves it a mess. You know which one you are, right? Hee hee. I'm a roller. :)
Unfortunately, because of her difficulties with language Juli left school without any qualifications. Soon after she met and married her husband, Graeme, and they have been together now for over 22 years and they have 5 children, ages ranging from 21 to 7 years. When she was in her twenties Juli had to have her jaw re-aligned - the spasms caused by the cerebral palsy had taken their toll and pulled her face out of line.
Some of our children make a wish list for Christmas, do yours? I never did as a child but I also don't think my parents could have gone out and just gotten me whatever I wanted with paying for private school for 4 children. Our kids know that they may receive something from their list or they may not but they still make them anyway and are always happy and grateful for what they receive.
wants from the United States. This international
life … is as good as it gets
Is your area plagued by drought and desertification? Is the local aquifer steadily depleting? Did you have endless days of 115°F heat last summer? Are you worried about food security? Maybe your region’s lands have suffered from declining rainfall or salinization. I have some truly good news for you. Growing soil with high stable humus content is the healing treatment for all these ills.
Begin today and take it to a higher vibration, my friend. As you create a means to higher vibrations your life will take an amazing change. Solutions will come easier, calm will overtake your experiences, and an easy steady flow begins.
I used this Emily Dickinson poem in After Miscarriage because it captures the ebb and flow of grief for me -- the uphill climb, the slide backward, the ongoing search for hope.
Then the nightmares will be fun,
SOROS: No, not at all. Not at all, I rather enjoyed it.
I wish I could buy this outfit as it is.. but as I'm back to the nasty British pound I guess this will remain a dream...
Ah, but the major exception...
hari kejadian (the day of occurence :)
‘Sorry love’, I reply, ‘It’s been an emotional few… Oh fuck it, it’s just been emotional’.
I see the best of me inside your eyes
They find him in the dressing room, still in his kit
This is always the window into the formless. As you accept it, surrender. Because the form is gone, your mind becomes still when you surrender to death. It’s not through explanations that you accept death. You can have explanations, mental explanations that say, well, he or she will move on or reincarnate, or go to some place of rest. That can be comforting, but you can go to a deeper place than that, where you don’t need explanations – a state of immediate realization of the sacredness of death, because what opens up when the form dissolves is life beyond form. That is the only thing that is sacred. That is the sacred dimension.
The reconfiguring of our view of the antagonists in the Ring War begins early in the novel. Consider the book’s best chunk of writing, this description of Mordor from Chapter 2:
Kiss Me Deadly
Additional reader warning: Pathetically written, bombastic, racist, black propaganda follows.
It doesn’t just stop with Sakai. Makoto becomes a high school pimp as he sleeps with a good part of his class and Sakai’s childhood friend Satsuna Hiyari.
"The decision of Moodlerooms and NetSpot to work under Blackboard may sound very strange at first to anyone in this industry," said Dougiamas, "but it's my understanding that these three companies have some good plans and synergies. I'm happy to say that Moodlerooms and NetSpot will remain Moodle Partners, and have promised to continue providing Moodle services, participating in the community, and contributing financially to Moodle exactly as they always have."
6. Bake for 8-10 minutes, or until lightly golden brown around the edges. Remove from oven and transfer to a rack until they are completely cooled. Store in an air-tight container.
He surrendered to matter as matter unfolded in him the laws of transformation
Appreciative Self-Inquiry:
As Dan Hannan would probably say, “That’s another fine mess the EU control freaks have got us into”. But bearing in mind the revelations discussed throughout this week here, one wonders what illiberal, anti-democratic trick they will now dream up to declare the vote null and void?
eventually. When did you last
Vegetarian Cost (subtract chicken): $4.36
Then what stabilizes it? What establishes it? Us?
Customer: Whoa whoa whoa...
The decoupaged flower heads have a hint of stickles on them too, I used the same papers to cut out two butterflies from my tonic punch and made a trail behind them with the stickles too,
“Am I my brother’s keeper?” You can almost hear the traditional complaints.
After we were bussed back to the terminal, we were put into a departure lounge, paramedics went round everyone to check they were okay and tend to wounds. My group was cleared and we were sent to the next one. Meanwhile, they gave us free drinks and food (of course).
We see Ziggy, running towards the water’s edge, before stopping, laying down in the sand, and lighting a cigarette!
met their 'future husbands'. :)
X-Mas Movies usually pack laughter, emotion, and a good message inside 90 minutes or so. Though a lot of holiday flicks tell similar stories, you can usually tell each of the following joints apart as soon as their opening-credit song cranks-up!
Sue (Shoes)
The total sale is expected to bring in around €1 million.
With that in mind...
I am an ambassador of Christ Jesus! Amen!
We are blessed.
An outcast from an isolated religious settlement in the Caribbean (Mathews) is tricked by pirates into leading them to the community. While Captain LaRouche (Lee) and his chief henchmen (Arne and Ripper) lead a campaign of terror against the settlers, and the outcast tries to convince his father (Keir) to reveal where the secret treasure the pirates are after is hidden, his best friend (Corbitt) and sister (Landi) are planning a guerilla war against the invaders.
Needing a fairytale moment? Let this Prince and Princess escort you to a land far away! These wonderfully illustrated images from Di Carubia were designed to create a number of different scenes that you will enjoy using time and time again.
Thank you Lord for allowing me to see another day. Help me not to take each day for granted. Lead and guide me to follow the plan that YOU have for me today.
8. If foreigners come here and buy land, options will be restricted. Certain parcels including waterfront property are reserved for citizens naturally born into this country.
The goal is to cover as many locations as possible, with one SinC member author at each location.
Send A Smile 4 Kids has a great challenge up today.... buttons and ribbons and/or bows! I jumped on the "and/or" because I just don't seem to leave room in my imagination quite yet for bows when I'm thinking through my design... or I never have just the right ribbon I would want to use.
When I gain consciousness I find myself face down and tightly bound to a wooden scaffold placed on top of the circular altar. A posture rather dishonourable, to tell the truth, since, having had my clothes removed my rear is offered to the sight of everybody.
For the final test of sharing from Flickr, I’ve chosen one of my favorite sets. I love getting the bus and just hanging out in Thorncliffe Park. I quote from my description in Flickr:
To make sure the message was delivered, L2′s lawyer emailed the chief of staff for the White House Office of Science and Technology:
All in all these two have become my new lip saving Dream Team, coupled with my new MAC lippy in Morange (more on that later) I think I’ve found a whole new lip look.
Description from Goodreads
These are predators of the silt sea which lurk just underneath the silt waiting for prey. When attacking they use blindingly fast psionically powered flight to attack with their sharp-edged wings.
We rode without stopping from the bridge over the Elbow River near Fort Calgary to Harvie Passage, another big City project that has replaced an extremely dangerous weir built in 1904 to divert water for agriculture. The river structures that will allow for much safer rafting, tubing, canoeing and kayaking look pretty much finished. Signage and landscaping still need to be completed. We found a unique Brass Cap here and then continued into Pearce Estate Park to put new log sheets into two geocaches we placed in 2008 for publication concurrent with our second WWFM event. The traditional cache has been found almost 200 times while there are fewer than 100 finds for the multi-cache that requires geocachers to walk / bike the trails in Pearce Estate Park to learn all about wetlands in order to work out the coordinates for the container.
"Of course," I said.
A brilliant solution to a glass paneled door - cover the glass on the inside with fabric! Just use a little liquid starch to adhere it. This door leads into a walk in pantry so no matter how "messy" it may get you'll never see it. Plus I love the contrast of colors and pattern.
A group of people in Bristol coming together to organise events for May Day. Celebrating the tradition of working class struggle against bosses and politicians, and helping our current fights; against NHS privitsation, cuts to our pay&conditions and taxing pensioners; for equality, control of our lives, taxing the rich and affordable pasties for all!
- Shooting stars
If I had to sum it all up right now, I'd say that unschooling is trusting children to learn from their environment, what they need to know when they need to know it. It's knowing that everything, every idea, every action leads to something else, to something new or revisiting something old that's new again. It's knowing deeply that kids that are happy and trusted will learn better and easier than kids who aren't. It's following rabbit trails that are interesting and stopping and checking things out, collecting ideas and information, and continuing onward, possibly finding the rabbit at the end and possibly ending at the river and following that instead.
I can’t think of a quicker meal than stir fry, not to mention I get to use my wok! Anything cooked in a wok seems to cook so much faster. This is especially nice after a long day at work, which of course is everyday. Anyway, this meal was a quick throw together with stuff I already had in my fridge. I have to say though it is really tasty. The picture does not do it justice.
But another thing was missing: The trainer didn't show up. ("First time ever," someone from the gym told me.)
We should develop a sacred space both within us and in our own home environment in which our spiritual experiences, the events in our spiritual life, can be honored, nurtured and cherished. If we have a good vessel, the experiences will come and we will be able to move through them. If our vessel is contaminated or broken, even the best experiences will not be able to really enter into us. If our vessel is prepared, we may experience a deepening peace and bliss without needing more dramatic experiences to keep us on the path.
3) add instant custard with cream
Hello there skeptics, freethinkers, critical thinkers and atheists,
Jill: *Sigh* I see.
I would be a fool to try and go against His system.
Absolut Kurant - 40%
I love Garaging (going to garage sales) and it's become addictive. For now it's on hold since we are closing on a new house (to us) in a week and a half and we are running out of space to store my "projects". Stay tuned though, I will start posting other finished ones and the not finished so you guys can bug me to finish them :)
Well today my youngest babies, turn 30..... HAPPY BIRTHDAY Elizabeth & Sarah!
While I imagine Earls named their beer for its paleness, Ms Ero’s boss, Peter Ash says, “Follow your logic. If they have Alzheimer’s appetizers on the billboard, you’re totally okay with bringing your grandmother there to chow down a plate of Alzheimer’s appetizers.” Well, unfortunately my logic runs a different path from his. If my grandmother had Alzheimer’s she probably wouldn’t care or remember what the appetizers were called. Reminds me of the diner in the US (Heart Attack Grill) that sells Flatliner Fries and Triple Bypass burgers. They’re maybe being honest or are they demeaning people who have had heart attacks?
She found the other woman's clothes in a closet, cut various items with a pair of scissors, put them in a suitcase and left it in the home's driveway, she told investigators.
Indeed, it is not enough for children to be able to count, recognize numbers and calculate. Children need to be able to use problem solving skills alongside maths knowledge to help them to succeed in a variety of ‘real life’ situations.
Maybe this is a sign - a sign from somebody or something - I don't know? I'll bring it back, bring the typewriter back and think about this little act over again shall I? Is attempting to drown words an act of mercy or some sort of verbal, brutal slaying?!
The world of Blackbirds is rather encapsulated and a little vague in the background. The book seems to be set in a contemporary US and other than place names there isn't much description of where the action takes place. It's also kept to the edges of the highways or other places where people are in transit; Miriam – and consequently the narrative – never settles down in one place for long. The same goes for the rest of the cast of characters. There are limited players and other than Miriam, we don't learn too much about the others, or rather, we learn a little about their backgrounds, but never enough to have a complete picture—arguably, the same can be said for Miriam. While this small cast helps keeping the focus tightly on Miriam's race against the clock to save Louis, the fact that so much of their character development seems to be the part of the ice berg below the surface, also serves to keep the reader emotionally disconnected from them. Apart from Louis and Miriam, you don't really care what happens to them, in the sense that if they get hurt, well so be it: "It is what it is." as Miriam would say. At the same time, there are one or two bit players that kept popping back into my mind, making me wonder about what happened to them. To give Wendig credit, of all the main characters, there are only two of whom we really don't know what happens to them, the others are all nicely squared away, some more literally than others. On the whole though, I kept wanting more from these characters, more development, more depth –or rather, a less murky depth – and more purpose. Because, other than Ashley and Ingersoll, our characters don't really seem to have clear motivations for their actions, something that I at least struggled with, perhaps because I'm not used to that in my reading.
to acknowledge the state of my soul
Now with the walls gone, the kitchen is so much brighter and happier. My client never believed she had enough room for her dream island, but we made it happen. The new kitchen, is functional, updated, and truly a great gathering space.
Each company is chosen against its peers in the same industries because each industry operates under different circumstances, Brigham said.
For WAB, again, build your unit as you see fit. Many people already bases cavalry in twos for ease of transportation, moving them on the table, and even modeling opportunities. Again, I recommend about half of the unit in single 40×20 bases.
12. Remove the toothpicks, then cover the beef rolls with foil to keep warm.
I, of course, watched the interview, but my students are picking up on something I must have missed. Several of them have pointed out that Bill O’Reilly accused Marilyn Manson of being a member of the Church of Satin.
Resume Outline:
The Bluebells - Come Along
-#location: where did you take the picture? Was it in in #Hawaii or at #UCR?
I haven't sent anything to my mother recently and I thought to make her a little tag/card gift set. I had a picture of the kids that is one of my favorites from last year and I cut it out and layered it onto a chipboard tag. The sentiments are from the Rose Wreath stamp set which is part of the gorgeous seasonal wreath collection from Taylored Expressions and the flowers are from the beautiful stamp set: Rosy Posey.
In my view, this sequence of facts represents a real, clear example of breach of public duty and breach of the ministerial oath of office. By her very own words Nunez-Tesheira was informed and believed that the group had problems, as a result of which, she took the necessary steps to protect her own family’s financial position. Following that, the then Minister was officially advised that the CL Financial difficulties were now going to be requiring a State bailout at which stage she took official steps to deal with the crisis.
or rude to a foreigner.
This is just a quick message to invite our friends and family to join us in Screen Free Week. It goes from April 30-May 6th. (It used to be called TV Turnoff Week!)
I'm afraid, nothing could be further from the truth. Most patients are so desperate to get better from this severely disabling neurological disease that they will try almost anything, including CBT and GET. The trouble is, CBT is at best completely useless, as I found out by doing 12 sessions of CBT and GET is not only very dangerous for people with ME, but many of us have had severe relapses caused by this so-called treatment to the point that many of us, including myself, have been made bedridden 24/7 by GET. Anybody who knows anything about ME knows that GET equals torture for people with ME.
The theme for this challenge is: EASEL CARD!!
LOVE FINDS YOU ON CHRISTMAS DAY is a charming addition to the Love Finds You line – I’ve read all the books I could get my hands on so far in this collection and am keeping tabs on what is coming out so I don’t miss a story (I hope). I love Christmas stories and Trish Perry’s books so I was especially looking forward to this novella collection.
So that was February, folks!! Did I wear you out? Sorry about that....but it HAD to be done!! Next up: MARCH! And I'm taking the same approach. But at least when that's out of the way I'll be able to show you all the fun and cute stuff that has been happening over the past few days and weeks!! (Seriously, the OCD in me will not let me post out of chronological order....)
AVX Vs. #1
It’s fragile.
Today, the sun is shining . . . and I’m starting to gear up for my own personal celebration. My garden is growing, and some of the flowers are blooming. Inspired, I already feel my creative energy stirring.
After waxing some of Polish trumpeter Tomasz Stanko’s more memorable recent outings (2002’s notable Soul of Things, 2004’s Suspended Night and 2006’s splendid Lontano), the trio – minus drummer Miskiewicz – made drummer/percussionist Manu Katché’s ECM discs (2005’s Neighbourhood and 2007’s Playground) the strikingly lovely outings they turned out to be.
The question of whether the remaining unregistered rights (if any) in the system may be enough to prevent a clever entrepreneur from manufacturing the machine and selling it in unprotected jurisdictions, is moot. Next week I will discuss certain key issues regarding this matter.
Frank MacKay, the Independence Party chairman, went so far as to claim that not only didn't he know, but that he couldn't recall the name of the consultant who supposedly recommended he hire the firm. NYP January 30, 2010. Leaders of the city Independence Party -- which has been feuding with MacKay for years -- suggested the entire set-up might be "corrupt." On February 11, 2011 the NYP wrote DA raps Indie Party in $1M Mike-elex theft The DA filed court papers that described the party as a "noncriminal defendant" that helped political operative John Haggerty steal Bloomberg's campaign cash late in the 2009 mayoral race. According to court papers party VP Connolly and Haggerty also fabricated a written contract to make it appear the party had contracted with Haggerty to conduct the Election Day operation. . . Dennis Lemke, one of the party's lawyers, denied that the party knew of Haggerty's alleged million-dollar scam. He said the party was prepared to return any of the mayor's remaining funds -- but only to the mayor. A footnote in the indictment said party officials kept "a portion of the stolen funds." Campaign records show that Bloomberg wired $100,000 to the party's housekeeping account on March 12, 2009. Four days later, state party Chairman Frank MacKay received $60,000 from that account for unspecified "consulting" duties. Political insiders said the timing of the mayor's $100,000 donation indicates it was intended as a goodwill gesture, since he was negotiating at the time with MacKay's hated rivals in the city Independence Party, which controlled the Independence ballot line for mayor. Bloomberg ended up contributing $400,000 to the city Independence Party after securing the line * Indy Party chief in jam over wife loan The wife of the chairman of the state Independence Party solicited and received a $10,000 business loan from a candidate (Tabacco) who got the party's coveted endorsement days later. I implore the chair to explain to [party] members statewide if contracting with GRI is a prerequisite to the political-patronage machine called the New York State Independence Party," Tabacco said.* DA raps Indie Party in $1M Mike-elex theft(NYP) * Indy Party $till frozen(NYP) * The state Independence Party came under withering attack Tuesday from a judge who said it betrayed its members by poorly monitoring a $1.2 million donation from Mayor Bloomberg. "It doesn't smell right," Manhattan Supreme Court Judge Martin Shulman*Independence Party Accused of Failing to Monitor Funds - NYTimes The Manhattan district attorney’s office has also filed a civil suit against the party, accusing it of helping to cover up Mr. Haggerty’s scheme, a charge the party has denied. “Nothing here suggests anybody was watching the store,” the judge said. “I’m more interested in hearing why you believe you get a pass in terms of your chairman and your vice chairman not having a clue of where the $1.1 million went.”* SI DA Probe opened by Staten Island of Independence Party's $10G loan in exchange for City Council nod
In John 9:1-12 we know that the blind man has been healed physically. How do we know in verse s 35-38 that his spiritual eyes have been opened as well?
Medium Raw
It’s probably less likely nowadays, as there are fewer regulars who are in pubs most nights of the week, and despite our ageing population it also seems less common to see groups of pensioners gathered in pubs. But, as with many things, you imperceptibly find what you once dismissed as the habits of the elderly creeping up on you. It’s certainly the case that life tends to settle into more of a routine.
today on my ipod - heavenly day (patty griffin), rise up (diane birch), hello it's me (todd rundgren), hey leonardo (blessid union of souls), how come (ray lamontagne), hideway (the weepies), hold my hand (hootie & the blowfish), hold on you (jeff bridges), the honey tree (mostar driving club), songbird (eva cassidy)
Why’d the scale do that to you?
Conspiracy theory: could it be that the new ‘seven-member group’ is actually a five-member group, with two of these tarts as the threatened additions to T-ara?
Sunday after Sunday, someone would park right across the entrance, blocking me, my neighbours and any potential visitors completely in or out.
Update #2: As of Sunday morning, I'm on page 161 of The White Queen.
This analysis of data revealed that driving behaviors (measured as violations, convictions and historical crashes linked to specific drivers) are linked to specifically measurable increased risk of becoming involved in a crash. Perhaps more notable is the conclusion that;
We can best understand the core teaching of the New Testament revelation on the resurrection of believers by answering three questions: 1) What do we know of the resurrection as transformation? 2) What do we know about the resurrection state?3) What is resurrection power?
"So are we okay Kate?"
RSDW managed to combine two things I absolutely hate yesterday: art and people.
Hot cooked rice
Basically, all you need to know is that the plaintiff is arguing some statutory something about being a typical representative of the proposed class and Judge Stanley R. Chesler writing the opinion disagrees with one of their arguments stating:
It remains to be seen, what will be the full impact of their lives, and deaths, in the region, and around the world.
Splitsing Wind en zeilen NL
Upon first hearing of this little project from Crow, Kettle, and Pot, I was bemused. We have known each other for years, and for years we have casually made fun of fan fiction — and real fiction, for that matter. When I was shown the link to 50 Shades of Grey and the idea for this blog, I was excited to begin.
First, of course, you need to think about the overall style of the dress. Fuller figured women will wear different dresses from those with slimmer figures. This is just how the styles are made and doesn't mean anything bad about your figure at all. Dresses should aim to make you look more balanced and to play up your best features. Those who already have hourglass figures can pull of form fitting dresses. Women who need to bring a little more balance to their figures, though, may need to think through their dresses. For instance, you can make a bust look fuller with a draped front dress, and you can draw attention to a thin waist with a belt. Ruching around the waist is slimming on almost all figures.
Okay, that’s something that we haven’t eaten yet.
My lover wears hope on his arm.
writing quietly about their afterworld,
A further P. Oxy. text from volume 63 has more to say on this topic in its narrative of the lion hunt and the kataphytosis which followed:
Think of the things that most commonly cause friction between teens and their parents: breaking curfew, bad marks in school, skipping school, using drugs, subscribing to different religious and political views than their parents, disobeying parents...
I particularly appreciated the very first comment to this article from Wakeus_com:
When you run so fast to get somewhere
Candlelight.
In any case, I have decided that I have more coordination and less distractions this time around (although there is a bus ride involved, and I could go for some french fries…), that I will be a less disastrous skier.
“Last year our Events staff estimated that there were approximately 7,000 guests on Saturday – the largest crowd we have hosted in Bookamania history – and we know we could not have made it as successful as it was without the help of volunteers, such as those from Leap Learning Systems. It was a pleasure to work with the many teens who came from Chicago’s Austin neighborhood to represent Leap with their mentors and program facilitators”.
In 1885, the Association of Breeders of Thouroughbred Holstein Cattle and the Dutch Friesian Association of America merged to form the Holstein-Friesian Association of America: ”The 284 dairymen who signed the founding charter of the organization wanted to preserve and disseminate useful information and facts about the Holstein pedigree. They strove to identify desirable qualities and distinguishing characteristics of the best of the Holstein breed, and to promote and communicate these to other dairymen to help increase their business success.”
I'm 40!!
Spray can paint on board, matches, a cigarette and a box on board
Well there's the ugly of my project and I actually have some more ugly to show but let you have a reprieve and show you more inspiration pictures that I have Pinned for this project.
Of course, around here we are used to having the weather change almost instantly. I will look out the window and see a bright clear sky. When I walk around to the other side of the building, I can see white-out conditions with a snow storm! And through another window it will have cleared up. It's not that we have different types of windows in this building, but that the weather can change from moment to moment. If I am not quick in getting a photo, it will be gone!
1 progenitive
Arugula Rocket Salad 4.26.12
madre de mi corazon,
A friend of mine has recently started a photography and art blog and to be honest it something quite wonderful. Definitely worth a read.He is definitely one of a creative mind and ushers you to discuss your views on Music, art and photography. However, if you wish to discuss what you had for tea last night I'm sure he wouldn't mind that either.
The data shows the fastest growth in the past 20 years is among white women in their 20s with some college education but no four-year degree.
Borstals were introduced in Britain in 1902. The template was public boarding schools (with very secure locks) and the theory was that if delinquent youths (aged 16 to 21) were subjected to a similar regime of brutal exercise, house masters, dorms, endless lessons and the strict regime of the house system, they’d develop self-discipline and a sense of pride, and turn their backs on crime in a flash.
1. What is something your mom always says to you? "I love you"
Ruit and his team of doctors at the centre have developed a simple surgical technique involving little equipment and instruments that can be used manually. No stitches are needed, and the technique can be used on a simple table in field camps.
Monday Doorways
1 red onion, chopped
Back door, huh? Good idea!
I also want to make it clear that I don't, and didn't when I was still in my teens (having just turned 20 a couple of months ago, I still have trouble remembering I'm no longer a teen!), tell my parents everything. I'm my own person, with my own life, and some things stay private. Sometimes because it's something very personal, or a secret not mine to share, and sometimes it's because I know it would worry or upset them to know something. Yes, occasionally I keep things (and have kept things in the past) I know my parents would disapprove of away from them, not because of any fear that I would "get in trouble" or anything like that, but simply because I don't want them upset or worried about things they ultimately have no control over.
I find these labels about being an ideal man, good man, a man, etc. limiting. A good man according to whom? I want to be a better man; someone who seeks to improve himself, and by extension improves the world around him.
And so Buddha told her to knock on every door in her village until she found a household that did not know death. She began knocking on every door and every time she visited a home, the families would tell her that they were sorry but they did indeed know death: a mother, a son, a brother, or a father had died, and they fondly shared memories of their loved ones with her. As she went from home to home, she realized that death was universal and the negative energy of her suffering was transmuted into empathy and compassion, which translates as shared suffering. Humbled, the woman went back to Buddha and thanked him for his teaching about impermanence.
He had enough on his plate. Gösta Berling has a huge cast—more than 20 actors play significant roles—and a Dallas-like plot filled with bed-hopping rich folk, awkward expirations and shady lines of inheritance. I won’t even try to summarize it all. What you need to know is that Elizabeth is the Italian-born wife of a Swedish clod named Henrik, who stands to inherit the Borg estate. The legality of their marriage is in question. Meanwhile, Gösta burns his time as a ‘Knight of Ekeby,’ one of a dozen potbellied vagabonds and loafers who serve as entertainment for Margaretha (Gerda Lundequist), her husband (‘the Major’), and their guests. In case this sounds cruel, let it be known that the knights deserve little better, and Margaretha, though she’s committed sins of her own, is easily their moral superior.
This bunting or banner...whichever you prefer to call it. It seems to capture everything that summer ought to be. The granny chic fabrics conjure up sunny summer memories. If heaven had a lemonade stand...you bet it would be trimmed out with this!
Another good thing about the novel is the ease of reading it brings- well spaced lettering and smooth language- makes reading sort of uninterrupted and the 400 odd pages did not seem a task, really. The narrative is quite linear. Which is a good thing I guess.
You should know that I have been a fan of the ESV for years, but my enthusiasm has started to cool. First it was because of the notes in the ESV Study Bible, which I reviewed critically a few years ago (e.g., the “Daniel” in Ezekiel was a pagan hero!), and now I am perplexed with this unending series of revisions! How do I use my old ESV in class when it differs now in over a thousand verses with the new ESVs in my students’ hands? Will this be a boon for the HCSB? Please don’t tell me it is being revised!!!
Then I wonder what has happened to young Johnny. Has he been in a car accident or did he fall down a well on a farm? I wonder if he has banged his head in the playground or if he has measles. Or a life-threatening illness. I hope not.
I have a habit towards the end of the school year to put things off and say to myself “I’ll wait and start in the summer.” The summer always seems to be a perfect time to begin new projects, workouts, hair styles, etc. I complied a list of things that I want to accomplish this summer. For me, making a list and writing this down helps my organize my thoughts and ideas…and helps to to stick to the plan!
At this point you can incorporate it into your projects. As for me, I like to take increditape and run it through the glitter. That's why I work in a container that's so much larger than what I need for inking the glitter--to give myself space to pull the tape through.
2a. DB Shrugs 5 x 15
Some of last night and today was tense. No idea why.
The book is actually about the stories, personalities and management styles of a selection of Buffett’s CEOs: his “All Stars”. There is much to learn from these men and women (mostly middle aged men, it must be observed). Each chapter focuses on one or two of them and each ends with a short selection of their business tenets.
Any good thing to make us all merry.
Ask and you shall receive: Leander has admitted in the press that before the start of the season he clearly communicated to Radek about his career aspirations. He was forthcoming on his inability to win the Australian Open and the Masters title—the two rare ones that eluded him the most. And Radek made it happen for him by helping him win Australian Open at the very first instance. Now, coming back to our lives, do we always let our leaders know about our career aspirations? Ignorance is not always bliss.
2. Place washed rice in a heavy-bottomed pot with a capacity of about 5 litres. Coat grains with the sesame oil. Add the stock (or water), salt, chicken and ginger.
It is Princess Lolly’s 89th birthday party and a glorious jelly is on the menu. However there is a problem: the jelly refuses to wobble!
Easter morning we celebrate the resurrection of Jesus. We should remember that there can be no resurrection without the crucifixion.
* 2 extra-large eggs, at room temperature
Marvelous Russian authors are noted for their very real portrayals of the lives of their fellow citizens. Alexander Pushkin, Fyodor Dostoyevsky, and Leo Tolstoy are among the nation’s best-known writers. Stage plays by Anton Chekhov are gripping and true-to-life. Writer Alexsandr Solzhenitsyn won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1970 for describing his life in a prison camp twenty years earlier. He had protested against the Communist system and was sent to Siberia for his beliefs.
However, time stands still for no one. There’s ”no app for that”. The future is uncertain and will inevitably be here before we know it. I was amazed at how fast the past three weeks have flown by. Assuming that this pregancy goes to term (which we have been given no guarantee), that gives us about twelve weeks to go — twelve weeks that will fly by at an equal speed. Past that point the deadly waves crash and roar in the distance. I can’t let my eyes stay focused on them because I know that God will put them into proper perspective once they are upon us. He will not allow them to take us under.
It took me an hour to figure out
1 vaults
In a non stick frying pan take a bit of butter and toast your buns. For the garnish chop some onions, green chillies, coriander leaves and sprinkle some lime juice.
For how ironic it has been and how devastating the experience is for those afflicted that despite attempts of past administrations and the current government to recover billions allegedly illegally-amassed by her husband and make him account for human rights violations committed during his 20-year rule, the Marcoses have returned, allowed to enter politics again and has since then been flaunting their popularity, their wealth and their influence.
feathered flash
In another recent review—of War Horse—I compared the pleasure of catching the show to receiving my first major literary award. That became my “fist award.” Now this might make sense if I were a pugilist or could put my fists to an unusual type of intercourse, but since neither applied, this fist caused me quite a fit.
The most important idea extracted from Cheek’s book is that the CCP and the PRC are one. The way in which the PRC was born, and the discourse used to render it the level of institution, made for a cultural incapacity to separate Party from State. In addition, the Party has used several creative means to maintain the linkage very much alive. They have done this through historical connections and discourses that appeal both to the present developments as well as the created history.
Barbie's invited me to join the group, allowing me to balance out health by exploring how to set boundaries. An impromptu conversation one night six years ago has forever impacted how I view volunteering and serving and working diligently.
I must apologize for not being around much lately. I have been super busy (as we all have) with work, life and Christmas. It is midnight as I write this and am in fact a day late with this post! Woops! I am HOWEVER finished my Christmas shopping & wrapping...but have yet to complete my end of the bargain for Christmas Supper! It's all good though! LOL
she was very insistent.
THE MITM WENT OFF ON MR CTA!!!!!
In the middle there somewhere, I took a break from work to give myself a headstart on a modified NaNoWriMo attempt. (I'm going to write a little every day between now and November 30, but 5 minutes counts as much as 5 hours does.) Thanks to some writing prompts from Chloe, my story centers around one Din Simon who is looking for a key. He must do this while dealing with a cobra who has taken up residence in his bedroom, a persistent and perturbed jeweler who is making a second career out of turning up in Din's life at inconvenient moments, and the demands of his two ex-wives (who just happen to be twin sisters) and their lawyers.
I used some Self Adhesive Velcro Fasteners to keep it closed.
Secretary: That takes time.
How do they do it, you ask? Each model’s photo has been embedded with invisible digital watermarks to ensure they do not detract from the photos.
It may happen that someday everything else will be gone and I will be old and alone. All I will have is myself, and I want to be able to live with myself. In some way, there is always a part of me preparing for that time.
*If you have suggestions or questions regarding topics , let me know.
Even the once world leading NHS is broken and killing, both by design and my neglect, possibly hundreds of thousands of people a year. In 2008, 6,000 women gave birth in corridors, lifts and taxis, when lack of beds and doctors forced them away at the last minutes before birth. A new report, just out, but apparently in the hands of the elites for over half a year, shows that some 50,000 or more a year are dying from direct neglect in the hospital systems, and this is even without the Satanic Pathway in effect. What is the Pathway? Why the Pathway to Dignified Death, where they take sick or sickly elderly and not so elderly, pump them full of morphine and allow them to starve and dehydrate to death. The evil of such as system and the fact that the British tolerate it and have not risen past indignation, and tore themselves away from junk TV to demand better shows how befitting of total collapse British society is.
Positive: Psychological neutrality.
standing still in the mist
“Are you deaf? There ain’t nothing on this fucking card.”
And check out the very cool cover, designed by the author, the multi-talented Amy Saia.
It’s time to shake off the February doldrums and line things up for a fantastic spring.
Gives me strength when I am weak,
Ethel looking very proud, with Kate at Willie's wedding in 1941, when she would be 49.
“In many ways, his appointment caught people by surprise the way Cardinal (Marc) Ouellet’s caught people by surprise when he came back to Quebec. The surprising way in which it happened is a sign that it really was God’s doing.”
And your dollar will be saving and restoring lives in all kinds of ways. Removing a child from an orphanage gives that child a family and a future, something everyone needs. It also frees up a bed in an orphanage for another orphan. Your dollar will change lives and save lives in ways you may never know.
It's Sunday again-Huzzah!! Sunday is a.k.a laundry day for us here. I have a couple of layouts to share today. One is a layout I did last week and just didn't get around to posting and the other I just did today.
Soon I was out of the trees again and by the squat, brick-built kitchen. It was set a little way from the house.
He waited. It seemed like forever. When Abby finally came to the door, it only added to Wayne’s frustration when he realized that she had taken time to put on her coat and to tie a scarf around her head. But, as if for vindication, she handed him a bottle of Irish whiskey and a pan of fudge.
Pentecostal Spirits sing songs awakening god within,
“Where?” I repeated, squinting.
Niketown and American Apparel downtown were hit. A half dozen Starbucks closed early after stores reported broken windows.
“I don’t need to comment… I don’t want to comment, thank you,” Najib told reporters on Sunday.
I KNOW! Hardly light out and she already called!
OR this easy standby:
The ring was created by Beverly Hills jeweler Robert Procop.
* Fast-forward into reality*
Confessions of a Bad Beekeeper: What Not to Do When Keeping Bees (with Apologies to My Own) by Bill Turnbull
We promised the missionaries a super bowl fare today. I have all this food to prepare and no strength to do it. Wish me well. I kind of hate thinking about food and I feel all germy. Sounds appetizing, doesn't it. Sorry that I'm obsessed with my own frailties.
1 comparatively
Edit "Queen for a Day" for the QSPACE anthology, check.
One subject of the interview was the early overselling of psychoanalysis. Dr. Kandel put it this way...
1/2 cup oil, I used rice bran
I have so many things that I have thought about posting on here this school year - it may take me a little while to catch up! Look for another post and some freebies soon!
But because the law, semantically, features a requirement as opposed to an incentive, it gave the right side of the bench a hook.
So apparently, I owe the boy just over a dollar. High price for entertainment.
Growing up together, Casey and Pascal were the best of friends. He was a thoughtful, shy boy. He was totally in love with Casey. Nevertheless, his puppy love for her went unnoticed. He was a cute boy, soft-spoken and kind. Although he spent a lot of time hinting, to let her know how he felt about her, his efforts fell on deaf ears and blind eyes. Pascal was always courteous and subservient whenever Casey was concerned. He thought of her as a Southern Belle to the extreme. Still, Casey thought of Pascal as a brother. He was the closest thing she had to a sibling and the thought of him having a crush on her never entered her mind. His soft spot for her wasn’t even a sparkle in Casey’s eye.
She peed. Then she cried, the thick fabric binding her eyes darkened with the tears that fell more profusely than the pathetic spray of urine warming her thighs.
Pause Café – one of my fave cheap eats in Paris and has a great terrace to boot.
autobiography, so it should be kept carefully. You are unique, and there may be incidents in your experience that are more noble and praiseworthy in their way than those recorded in any other life. There may be a flash of illumination here and a story of faithfulness there; you should truthfully record your real
This next bit is really for my dad, who is off strolling the streets of Paris or hitting up the nightclubs in Barcelona or charming snakes in Morocco or something along those lines as we speak. My point is, he is not here to see my new bike! New bike! Holla!
of orange hair that seemed an herbicide …
There will be a few more days of clean up as I close out my email and spruce up the blog roll.
Over the next five days, the good news was slow going and at times, I almost despaired. Again, everyone had all the sympathy in the world for us, but no one knew what to do. Despairing herself, the woman at the hospital called down to Trenton to ask for help, and found out, on Thursday, that she should have called them all along, and that they have to authorize such paperwork, but that, definitely, we would be able to bury our daughter. God is good because somehow, with the help of many hands, the mess of paperwork and regulations was finally straightened out and our baby’s body was released.
passalong peach iris from Annie In Austin
Fear and Trembling
He thought he was going to get his present when I said I had something for him. And he looked confused when I reached for my case instead. I grabbed Martin’s business card and handed it to him across the table. He was genuinely bewildered for about 3 seconds and then he understood. And he got what it meant. He arose from his seat, walked over to me and gave me a big, big kiss right there in the restaurant and then a big, big hug. And he said, I love you too.
She: Can I trust you?
Poor thing doesn't understand what is ailing her mother. I want to explain it to her, but there is a huge cat/human language barrier that no matter how hard we try, we can't seem to get over.
1/4 tsp Sriracha (chili paste with garlic)
“They’ve kinda helped me understand the situation. Coping with it is something entirely different,” the police officer said. “The pain’s still there. I don’t know if it’ll ever truly be gone. I think it’ll get less and less worse until maybe one day I’ll wake up and it’s not there anymore – but that day is still far away.”
Listen up, all you victims out there:
The De Molen brewery is located in Bodegraven in the Netherlands, in an old Mill that was lovingly restored.
Don’t think that would fly?
Tempeh, 1 pc cut into thin slices
The robber was handed over to police, who believe he was also involved in other purse snatching cases around the Cukai area of Northeast Malaysia.
I am a deeply flawed being and I know I am not like the many people I meet. It has taken 5 grueling months of conditioning, rest and peace to get back to this point – to clear the collateral damage amassed over the last 5 plus years. But now that I am so close to my goals, I find I can’t help but jump the gun on taking on more things and looking ahead. So I thought it would be interesting to write a retrospective.
The Top Five Regrets of the Dying gives hope for a better world. It is a story told through sharing her inspiring and honest journey, which will leave you feeling kinder towards yourself and others, and more determined to live the life you are truly here to live. This delightful memoir is a courageous, life-changing book.
tmonhollon Start with primary research: observe current & potential community where they are engaging, and ask Where, When, Why & What
Spencer is such a sweet little boy, and he sure does love his mommy. He loves Daddy, Ellie and Cameron too, but he is a mommas boy right now. I sure love it but it makes it hard when I have somewhere to go in the evening and he just cries for his daddy. Our new goal for this next month is to convince Spencer that he can take a bottle when Mom is not home and to let Dad or Grandma feed him and put him to bed. Wish us luck!
carbonated drinks
- Gilford , Follan and Cameron purchase blocks at Bambara Rd
1) Read slowly and spell each word.
Romans 12:2 says, “Don’t copy the behavior and customs of this world, but let God transform you into a new person by changing the way you think. Then you will learn to know God’s will for you, which is good and pleasing and perfect.” (NLT).
The triffids can walk and communicate. They have been shown to posses some form of intelligence. So the basic idea is that the biggest threat to the triffid (humans) has lost the only thing that made them superior (sight). Oh dear.
Ellie wanted a rainbow cake again this year. Yes, she had this last year but I changed it a little. First thing was making the inside rainbow as well. Turned out better than I thought I could do. The second thing I changed was the frosting. I used a Cool Whip and pudding frosting. I knew it would make the candy "bleed" so I waited till the last minute to decorate the cake. Ellie said it was the yummiest ever. I would agree. I am not a frosting person, but with this frosting I could eat the whole thing.
Btw, I don't even bother changing for this and have done it the past several nights in my street clothes and slippers right before sitting down to dinz...
our very thick, lush hedge.
Before I go into much detail about my first film festival, also my first Ebertfest, I should pat myself on the back for driving 800 miles, a.k.a. 14 hours straight, only stopping to whiz or eat a burger with a Mountain Dew or coffee. I should also pat myself on the back for not stopping at the place in West Virginia with the sign that said “Free Beer.” Admitting that will not help me win any new friends. Admitting that it was a strip bar? Well, that’s different. A strip bar that says “free beer” on the sign. I think I’ll have to leave a little earlier next year with one less stop at Cracker Barrel and one more stop – somewhere else.
Everyone should call their local FBI office and get a copy of Law Enforcement Officers Killed and Assaulted. When it first came out it was ground breaking because it demonstrated to academics and other elites what street police knew all along. What did it show in interviews with cop killers? Nice guys finish dead. That's right. Most of those offenders commented that the Officer they killed set himself up to be killed because of reluctance to use force early in the encounter.
Eleven Poems to Change Your Life.
“Inside Job” is a film that is so utterly horrifying, so enraging, so depressing that you can’t leave the theater unmoved.
I got it, right away, and the last anyone ever saw of that yardstick was it’s maiden (and short-lived) flight from the second story into a very thick hedge.
I’d asked pretty much everyone relevant, and then went back to my car, scanning the lot once more and going into my truck for my gym bag. On a whim, I checked a small zipper pocket where I always keep my lock, extra hair ties and Gu, and my garmin when I bring it….AND THERE IT WAS. Why I put it there, I have no idea, but I bolted back inside and said I’d found it in a place I NEVER stash it, and apologized for the chaos. Oy. But at least I found it!
OH GOD.
Cooties are caught by associating with family members or members of the opposite sex. Research has revealed that bunny rabbits are responsible for this as are undocumented side-affects of over zealous females seeking furry critters with bushy tails.
From Scriber via NetGalley. Release date: August 7th.
Kari Berit provides age-assertive strategies for dealing with issues facing seniors and their adult children. As speaker, coach, and consultant she works to create solutions-oriented environments for planning and managing activities that enhance the health of seniors. She has 18 years of experience designing and teaching programs for older adults, and 13 years of experience as a resident manager, dementia care specialist, and activity and housing director for senior housing communities.
We stopped in at the Millicent Rogers Museum outside Taos, where a very impressive collection of Navajo turquoise and silver, Pueblo pottery, basketry and textiles was amassed by the oil heiress and fashion / jewellery designer of the 1940s. We explored the Taos Pueblo, a UNESCO World Heritage Site of adobe buildings, stacked like earthenware cubes beneath the Sangre de Cristo mountains.
Those who know me best always say that it isn’t necessary for me to try to explain myself; it invariably gets me into trouble, but it’s something I can’t turn off. As much as I might like to qualify it, the fact remains that the beer business with which I’ve been associated for almost twenty years always has been an extension of my own personality, and so when it comes to making policy changes like implementing a smoke-free workplace and radically reforming the guest beer program – simultaneously – there is a rigorous self-examination prefacing the public’s knowledge of the new direction.
And YA lit is never, ever lukewarm or tepid in terms of voice—which is so driven by character, setting, and plot, and which defines each YA novel—that distinct, one-of-a-kind voice that speaks a book into existence, that prods and goads and compels a writer—me—to tell the story.
Purple Paisley Palazzo Loving Mother
Christine Mcloughlin
Add the cheese to the meat mixture and stir to combine. Use a cookie scoop to get enough meat to form a small meatball. Bigger is NOT better here. If you get the meatballs too big, the interior will not get hot before the croquette browns. Roll the meatballs between your palms as you would went making meatballs to ensure the meatballs are round and the outside is smooth. Place the meatballs on wax paper.
186 ***1. “An Introduction to Confucian Thought.” The Great Ideas Today, vol. 1984, pp. 124-70 (Encyclopedia Britannica, 1984). (Sources: Item C-1974(8), above, and Item D-I/18(B)/1974, below. Incorporated in Item B-12, above, pp. 99-145 (2002).)
Bible Nuts and Bolts – John Chandler
The fundamental thing is to offer a variety of styles, not just a variety of labels/brands. Knowing the difference between styles and labels is the first jumping off point for me.
“Like you said: We’re going to die as martyrs, but even martyrs sometimes have a dark secret they must take with them to the grave.” Then she winked. “This is just in case things go badly before we complete our final objective.”
Jordan
Anyway, we took the motorbikes where which was amazing. Just about everyone here drives bikes. Unless you’re rich enough that you can afford a car, you drive a bike. I actually felt safer riding on the bikes here, than walking on the side walks. It was so much fun and really sucks that we’re not supposed to be driving and not legally allowed to drive bikes in Vietnam.
4 evil
Yes, it's a cheap, direct-to-VHS movie from 1990. The opening spaceship footage is culled from Roger Corman's Battle Beyond The Stars, and some of the acting is marginal at best. But damn, it's fun.
In biting cold February it’s a shelter or a temporary picnic table, but its apex is in late summer or early autumn. It sits above a pocket-sized vineyard, and when the air is heavy with ripening grapes, the only sounds you hear are the whispers of the wind through the vine leaves.
*Go with your gut and move fast.
Oh keep us like little children who do not know, but expect to know
Barley and Hops Old World Tavern in Temecula.
One of my favourite bits was the outdoor gardens, this year the theme was ‘small spaces’ (I have to say their idea of small was a bit different to mine, they were definitely free range size, my garden is more a battery hen size) One of these ‘small’ gardens was called The Writers Pad, which was a decking area, some shelves with books on them, a seat with a bench for a laptop and a water feature. The idea being it was meant to provide inspiration for writers.
Get your first sneak peek at the Official 2012 UEFA Euro 2012 Sticker & Album Collection below and pre-order your sticker and album collection now at iCollectPanini.com to ensure delivery at your doorstep before as it arrives in stores.
More gratitude give me, More trust in the Lord,
Last night was our monthly Friday Night Wine & Design at my house, but before I get into that I want to tell you about the swinging emotions I have had going on in the last two days.
I’m still debating with myself.
He called his Station House Officer, and was told ‘whatever it was, deal with it’ because the SHO was busy somewhere else, as usual.
Below, Mike can be seen sitting near the second APC, which carried his two squads, plus the Platoon Sergeant; its turret swivelled toward the Predator in the far corner. Brian moved his APC toward the cannon-armed Predator, disembarking the squad.
Your first bite is like a texture and flavor explosion! The crunch and sweet taste of buttery and cinnamon spiced graham crackers....then the smooth richness of a delectable chocolate cream. My, oh my. Take it a step further and top it with a cloud of lightly sweetened whipped cream. Yes, folks - we have a winner.
today, i put myself through another grueling weight workout; i couldn’t even lift my arms above my head and it felt amazing. i really love lifting weights and i keep getting stronger. i added weight to all of my exercises today and i know i’m only going to get better. i hope everyone is having a great week. if you’re struggling, just keep going. we’ll all get there, one way or another. i’m going to yoga. have a good evening and stay healthy, y’all.
The back-up feature this issue is a 4 page Tommy Tyme story. Based on the job # of D-190, this story is definitely inventory from as far back as 1945-46 when an earlier method of assigning job #'s was used. The "D" here may stand for an editor but I postulate this without any assurance whatsoever. Tommy Tyme was a time traveling youth whose adventures frequently took him to meetings with important individuals in history. Otto Binder created the series and was the primary author of most/all of the stories that ran from 1942 through 1946 in titles including KID KOMICS, the second MYSTIC and YOUNG ALLIES. Dan Barry was one of the main artists as well as Charles Tomsey. In this story I'm stumped at who this is. The art slightly suggests Chu Hing involvement in some capacity but in truth I'm clueless. I even wild guess wonder if this could be Tom Tomasch? Any suggestions would be welcome.
Thu-AM: 2:12, 2800' ~ Green Mt.
Heather Draper – Tricia Guild is a huge inspiration, lately Kelly Werstler inspires me...not with their work perse but with their absolute confidence in their aesthetic, which has shown me a level of artistry can and should be achieved in interior design. From a mentor perspective, I must mention Jacqueline Corea of CoreaSotropa Design in Calgary, who I was lucky enough to meet as a little volunteer at the 2001 Calgary Designer Showcase, I have always admired her talent and the way she carries herself, I want to be her when I grow up!
Trapped in my house by a freakishly big storm for North Carolina (that led to school being cancelled for a week, mind you), I watched the movie "Julie & Julia" - you know, the one about a woman named Julie who decides to cook her way through Julia Child's cookbook and start a blog about it? Well, I had just published a family cookbook and given it as a Christmas present to all the ladies in my family. Inspired by Julie, I decided I should cook my way through my own family's cookbook (though not as ambitiously as Julie, who only gave herself a year!).
2. If you join TweetChat, you can spend the hour in a TweetChat room where you will only be able to see the tweets from people at the party and no other tweets from those people you follow. Signing up is quick and easy and I highly recommend this approach, even if you already use TweetDeck or HootSuite. You can try it out now.
It wasn’t until I unpacked my wheelie bag at the hotel, a mere hour before the marital vows, that I made the ill-fated discovery - a rip the size of the San Andreas fault under each arm of my 1960s embellished dress. I somehow managed to overlook these seismic gaps after wearing it to this year’s Rose of Tralee festival. If memory serves me correctly I also suffered an exploding dress in The Kingdom the year prior. Note to self: avoid Kerry.
On December 31st, 2011, while everyone was busy ringing in the New Year, Barack Obama quietly signed into law a piece of legislation far more draconian than anything offered up by the Bush administration. The National Defense Authorization Act of 2012, which outlined the budget for U.S. defense expenditures at home and abroad, includes a notable section (1021) under the heading of “Counterterrorism” which allows for the indefinite detention of American citizens suspected of aiding and abetting terrorist activities, without trial.
What an interesting ride eh?! I hope the next year continues showing you how to be accomplished without going crazy. I hope you find balance, and keep it. I hope you find a nice guy and keep him too! Remember, “You can move in, I won’t ask where you’ve been ~ ’cause everybody has a past.”. Yours isn’t spotless, you’re not perfect so you can’t expect perfection in another person either! Try new things, stop feeling bad about relationships that ended. People come in and out of your life for a reason ~ even if you can’t see that reason at the time! Chin up, move forward. Trust the universe, forget the noise.
The palate is rich and concentrated, but very savoury with fresh acidity and balance.
We wanted to see what the penicillium looked like close up so we looked through it using our magnifying glass. That did not show us any more detail than what we could see close up with our naked eyes. We need a microscope!
I just got notice that we received a huge shipment of new spring 2012 fashion scarves. I am in the store all weekend and will have these beauties ready for sale tomorrow am.
It's week 10 of my little Waste Not Wednesdays challenge, to get us all using up those neglected stamps and stash. If you'd like to join in, just use something uninked or unused, or you could use paper scraps or those flowers you've got tucked away in a box - anything you like that needs using :o)
Girl Scout 2: Caramel Delights!
And sometimes love can be a bitch leaving you with a a broken heart. But never fear! Broken-hearted, single and want to surround yourself with beautiful sexy people who make you feel special? Then I know just the spot! Les Coquettes Speakeasy series is one now and if you haven't seen this wonderful troupe put on one of their fabulous show then you my friends, are seriously missing out. They are a fantastic crew of sexy, talented young men and women who always leave you feeling satisfied and yet, still wanting more.
Burridge played in a 4-4-2 formation:
Later, the President is in bed. My House is quiet, my two suitors sleep. Ah! Freedom!
This year, they would like to purchase a vending machine and retro fit it so that it will vend small pieces of art created by local artists. The prices for the art will range from $1-$20. If I understand correctly, the location of the vending machine will rotate through out Ames giving access to more people.
“The third time he said to him, ‘Simon son of John, do you love me?’ Peter was hurt because Jesus asked him the third time, ‘Do you love me?’ He said, ‘Lord, you know all things (Ya Rabb! Anta talam kulli shay); you know that I love you.’ Jesus said, ‘Feed my sheep.’” John 21:17
10. Tell us something about the person that tagged you.
both spectacular and bizarre.
They have become readers and writers, mathematicians, and scientists. They can solve problems, share, and negotiate. Some can now tie shoes and zip zippers. They know how to follow routines, like packing up a back pack, cleaning up a mess when they make one, walk in line quietly like mice, or snowflakes, or butterflies and they can also tattle on each other. They have become pretty good at tattling on each other.
“I’ve been homeless for a while,” Kanaska says, “on and off for two or three years. It’s a choice. I find it humbles you. I used to have my own apartment and I slowly lost my mind. I was in there with my two cats and I was just like going crazy.
My necklace designed last October exclusively for John Bead Corporation to be featured on JTV/Jewel School during a special sales event of amazing Czech glass kits of beads was brought back to the spotlight by Bead Style...another chance to highlight my design work and the beauty of Czech glass donut beads seen from a different angle.
moves his delicate feet
In other quite surprising news my sister is (*gasp*) actually cooking!! It may just be packaged pudding mix and all that her cooking of said mix involves is stirring, and she does have help (from her bunny rabbit Kumagoro pictured below) but still... Emy's previous cooking adventures have often ended in charred food at the very least (once she set something on fire in the toaster oven... I've yet to let her forget about it! :-P), but this time things seem to be going well! As my mother says, we'll make a cook of her yet! Love ya Em :-)
Last week was one of the busiest weeks we had at work in years. Worked 74 hours in 5 days which of course left no time to update much less read anyone else’s blogs. The good news is that Marcus’s daughter was just released this weekend from the hospital after being there for 9 days. This also was really the first time that I got to play with my new 7D which I received a good week ago and I have to say boy am I happy that I decided to upgrade. I will give more of a review when I have used it for more than a week though but the auto focus system on that camera is fast fast fast!!
My God, I unite myself with the priest whom your Church sends as Ambassador to your Divine Majesty; I join myself to all the praises he shall give you, and to all the adorations he shall render you, and prayers he shall address to you; and to all the good desires he shall conceive. And I beg to partake of the spiritual food his is to receive.
A word quickly about caffeine. It is not specifically mentioned in the Word of Wisdom and is considered a grey area for many. For me, I’ve made the choice not to consume caffeine in accordance to the Word of Wisdom because for me, caffeine is an addictive substance that has harmful effects on my body. It causes my heart to race, my hands to shake, headaches, and increases the effects of anxiety. As stated by President Boyd K Packer:
Now, this story is a real, real, old one. In fact it's so old,
It felt good to remove the bulk of the Stuff Squirt Cannot Eat. We still have a few gluten-filled crackers, cereals and pastas, mostly for the Tongginator and the Husband. Since I'm with Squirt almost 24/7, I'm pretty much going completely gluten-free, except, of course, for my beloved coffee (new studies now suggest that coffee! contains! gluten!) and the odd piece of bread I sneak while Squirt's napping. The Tongginator and the Husband are mostly gluten-free, but I often pack gluten products in their lunches since they don't typically eat that meal in front of Squirt.
The strategy provides welcome ammunition for campaigners who are trying to push David Cameron into keeping his promise to give a tax break to married couples. It comes days after figures showed that marriage is coming back into fashion after 40 years of decline.
In the past few weeks I have been busy buying for the next run of fairs. These large wooden spools from France have been selling well, and they look great displayed on some of my Antique and recycled Indian painted furniture.
We plan on a family afternoon tea on Sunday.
His protestations of eroding Malay privileges ring hollow at this time, and doesn’t penetrate to the young either. Maybe he finds the ears of the fatcats who fear the erosion of their ill-gotten, crony-laced income and traditional power base.
* feeling like you only have an 1/8th of a tank of fuel (energy) in you & once it’s gone you’re exhausted again
A complete history of the Irish stout industry would be an interesting and instructive thing. It has never been written. Nor even, in the whole mass of brewing literature, have we come across a treatise dealing deeply and exhaustively with the principles of blending malt liquors, and the mysterious changes and flavours Induced by vatting in immense bulk. It is passing strange that so little has been done on this side of the Channel to account for the Complexities of Irish brewing. Considering that the most gigantic brewing concern in the world has arisen from these complexities, entirely on a free-trade basis, and that it still grows faster, perhaps, than any other existing firm it would seem worth while in this scientific age to attempt to get to the scientific bottom of it.
If you’re the GM, you should have a bag filled with all kinds of dice. This is for folk who drop by unannounced, impromtu sessions, and other situations. Even if you’re not, have some extra dice. You never know when you’ll have to roll initiative.
He had served in World War I and remembered World War II. He grew up without electricity or automobiles or telephones. He told a lot about his life, but mostly he concentrated on the late 1800s and very early 1900s. And at one point he made a curious statement which I can now relate to much better (being about half his age now).
gaggles of geese honking as they gather in the bay to rest from their long flight home,
At my kids’ last dental appointment it was confirmed that my eight and nine year old boys are each missing two adult teeth. I was advised to bring them to an orthodontist to come up with a long-term plan. That plan could mean multiple tooth-pullings and braces or tooth implants and braces.
She will be held captive
b) Catch up on other stuff enough to get round to writing my own blog.
Fast-forward a decade (give or take a few years), and I've worked so hard at being an extrovert that I thought I was one. It's nice, actually, to finally understand myself. And to know that, hey, I'm not the only one out there!
Nutella
Like I said, he's been looking for MONTHS for a larger vehicle: Ford Escape, Ford Expedition, Ford Explorer, Chevrolet Blazer, Hyundai SUV, Toyota SUV. All of these particular vehicles could be bought a year ago for $5000.
(1) Print out the sheet with the Test Square (page 1 of the file).
Jack-o-lantern for this came from the Paperdolls Dress Up cartridge, and the doggie cut actually originates from a Christmas Dog and Sled Cottage Cutz die.
Located on the lower ranges of the Himalayas, Shimla is a hill station that experiences extreme climatic conditions. It is situated at a height of around 2214 meters above sea level. This altitude gives Shimla its diverse climatic conditions. There is no such ideal time to visit Shimla, as this pleasant hill station is one of the most preferred destinations in India at any given time! That’s right.
If this trend doesn't scare you then GO BOLD. If you own it everyone will love it! Leopard Print Dress, Macys, $65.40
But the surprise face among the leaders was Couples, who plays mainly on the senior Champions Tour but showed has vast understanding of the course where he won his only major.
3. We shouldn’t be. We must fiight very hard to avoid it.
Oh it couldn’t be that my sweet saving cups of yummy joe
Messy you say? Why yes, yes it is! BUT I did the same trick a lot use for the water marbles, and taped up around my nails to catch the huge mess, and it did pretty good!
Trust yourself! There was no one who made it through 2011 who is without any intuitive abilities and gifts. It is just that you haven’t recognized them yet! Perhaps you think intuition involves sudden and vivid flashes of mental images and memories. While it is true that some people, who are highly visual, do get intuitive messages in such a dramatic fashion, for most of us it is more common place and straightforward. Because intuition is not a special gift reserved only for the specially chosen people; it is as common as common sense and equally less used!
Tonight (Saturday) I'm going to a massive school reunion.
Thanksgiving with the family was wonderful, of course. Skip met a horse for the first time, and he also met a few more of his favorite animal: dogs.
Even though the fact that they’re types is sort of the point.
Ages ago, I'd post semi-regular posts with cool links and stuff I'd recently discovered on this blog. But, I fell out of the habit of doing so, and I've been realizing recently how much cool stuff I find online then lose completely, never to see again. So, I've decided to start doing (roughly) weekly posts, most likely on Sundays (just because I arbitrarily decided I want to do so on Sundays), with the cool stuff I've read/seen/discovered in the past week. Welcome to the first installment of the weekly link roundup!
will be enrolled in an earth science education or geoscience degree program for
for their food hand out
There is never an excuse for bullying: Cardinal Seán Brady must go, and go now. That he cannot see this is manifest evidence of his unfitness for being Primate of All Ireland.
1243. Ham & Cheese Sandwich from Wawa (Phoenixville, PA) 12:32 p.m.
I'm still here, trying to recover from all the madness that this summer has been full off. Right now I'm relaxing after hosting a bridal shower and stuffing way too many people in my little house. Which looks wayyyy different than the photos on my blog show.
Candi dots, cream ribbon and a rose colored with Cherry Cobbler inker
closing in,
1 cup (220g) white sugar
Secondly, I use the term 'done' loosely, only because there is a lot of knit-picky finish work to be done. The hardware would all be installed, but the company we got our cabinets from needs to send us several new drawers due to differences in drawer height. Those drawers are on their way this week, thankfully. Also, we need to add the toe kick, fill nail holes, add trim pieces to the island, and seal the marble back splash one more time.
I think if there is even a slight chance that we think we have control over something or we think we can handle it on our own, it shuts the door to the grace of God. But when we know that there's no way on this earth that we can handle it and we have no ability to solve it, we must turn it over.
Let me preface this by saying that I have over 10 years of childcare experience, both paid and volunteer. I was a camp counselor throughout college and, over the past 5 years, worked as a nanny for 4 different families. All of my previous positions only ended because either I or the family moved out of state. I have never had to quit a job in my life other than for the reason that I was moving. Nor have I ever been fired or let go. I have my bachelor's degree, a spotless record, First Aid/CPR certified, etc. and, if I do say so myself, I am a DAMN good nanny/childcare provider! I've maintained great relationships with all of my previous employers and have helped a lot of children reach big milestones in their lives (walking, talking, potty training, learning to tie their shoes, etc.).
I took a break when my son Phillip called. We talk on Fridays and tell each other about our weeks. He sees the world often through the same lenses I wear, so there's usually laughing. Today was no exception. The sky had begun to darken as we said our goodbyes. I watched the snowy egrets soar in and circle, then finally take their positions in their nesting tree. The crows too, coming home to the palms around the house. I knew these weren't ravens by the shapes of their tails. "You are a crow," I said to one, "and I love you." And before the crows were fully settled in, the bats began to flit and flutter out of their secret places.
There are a couple of downfalls to Hybrid, however. The first is the Drone ability. As your kill streak grows, you unlock different robots that help you kill your enemies. While this is a cool idea on paper, it is annoying to have your enemy kill a noob teammate of yours a couple times, then unlock that scary wicked drone that hones in on you and kills you in one hit.
Over the course of time; I plan to, weekly, teach and share with you so many of the things that I have learned over the years about the Sacred and Solemn Music of the Holy Liturgy. I plan to share with you, the writings of the Great Saints of Sacred Music, such as St. Gregory the Great, and St. Cecilia. I will share some of my favorite composers such as Victoria, William Byrd, Palistrina, Taverner, Tallis, Mozart, Scarlotti, Bethoven, Hayden and many more. I will dissect the Papal documents on Sacred Music, such as Mediator Dei, Musicae Sacrae, Tra le Sollecitudini, Musicam Sacram, Sacrosanctum Concillium, De Musica Sacra et Sacra Liturgica and the GIRM. Which will allow us to understand just what makes the Music of the Liturgy so sacred. I will provide you all with resources from places, such as the Monks of Solemes, and the Church Music Association of America (CMAA). I will discuss Early Music, Gregorian Chant, and How it paved the way to Modern Music. You will learn to distinguish the Sacred from the Profane. What Monophonic and Polyphonic pieces are. What is edifying and enriching to the spirituality of the soul. The Sacred text, prayer, scripture, and Sacramental elements that make up the propers of the day. We will take a deep look into the mood of chant, how it fits into the Divine Office, and the rubrics music contains in the Holy Liturgy. I will discuss the Organ, Voice, and the supreme model, and how the Sacred Music has developed out of paganism. I will highlight the importance of the Latin Language. I will introduce The Motu Proprio on women in Sacred Music in 1908, its restrictions, the place for hymns in the Holy Mass, Sacred Silence. and what makes a piece Sacred, in regards to natural order, chord progression, its text, and rubrics put forth by the Holy Mother Church.
This post, crossposted from The Times of Israel, is the first in a series on the state of advanced Talmud study for women.
I know you will enjoy reading these three posts by fellow bloggers Qusay, Nidal M, and Layla, who explain in detail about weddings in Saudi Arabia. Men and women in Saudi Arabia generally have gender segregated weddings, with separate events for men and women. Unfortunately you will never see what the woman's side of the wedding ever looks like. While Saudi women dress to the nines when they attend weddings, cameras are generally not allowed because the women inside are not properly covered. But trust me, the Saudi women go all out with expensive sexy ballgowns, heavy makeup, and glittering shoes and jewelry.
They have a ton to choose from here.
Hotelier Adrian Loveridge said the project did not make sense, given the fact that in the last 15 years 32 hotels had gone out of business and thousands of hotel rooms remained empty every night.
"The man comes, walking toward the north. he bears a sack, the first sack, carrying food and some few implements. A strong, coarse fellow, with a red iron beard, and little scars on face and hands; sites of old wounds - were they gained in toil or fight? Maybe the man has been in prison, and is looking for a place to hide; or a philosopher, maybe, in search of peace.
One of the most striking things about the building is its materiality - it is tactile, physical, visceral, quite rough in places. And the forms are wild - the strict repetition of the cells and the corridors is set against the steep slope of the irregular pyramid roof of the small chapel, that seems to float in the courtyard. The vast oblong of the church sits between two chapels that bring light deep into the crypt, one is a sinuous bunker, with great funnels, the other a modest rectangle, with diamond shaped lightwells crashing diagonally into its roof. The glazed facades are articulated by an irregular rhythm of concrete vertical elements, a pattern developed by Le Corbusier's friend, composer and engineer, Iannis Xenakis. (The pair collaborated throughout the project, Le Corbusier was preoccupied with his work in Chandigarh, and left Xenakis in charge on site. Execution drawings we found in a plan chest were signed by Xenakis.) The rich and rough materiality and the experimental irregular forms are so striking because they go against the way Le Corbusiser's architecture was so often presented by tutors when I was studying. For years at school we learnt about his five points of architecture and modular studies, and great emphasis was placed on the whiteness, the cleanness, the pureness, the mechanical, the machine age, the uniformity, the prefabrication. Well all that seems to miss the point after 24 hours spent in La Tourette.
Creator who is not bankrupt, are taking back our responsibilities and
And on Wednesday, Scott and I will be on our way to visit Scotland for ten days. Scott was invited along on a trip with about ten other American painters and yours truly will be along for the ride.
3. Getting mad will only delay things
Sleep deeply wherever you are on the way.
But keep them with repining restlesnesse:
Wooten’s musical connection deepens with each new experience of rhythm, articulation, phrasing and rest. Wooten meets a series of peculiar but profound characters along the way and their wisdom encourages Wooten to unfold musically, and personally, until the student becomes the teacher. Through this book Wooten is the eccentric Music man showing up in our apartments out of nowhere and out of everywhere.
If we hang in there long enough, and bring enough to it, after several years we're finally pretty good. Other people like to dance with us (it's no longer based on our age, looks, or height but on how well we dance and who are friends are) and we manage very well dancing with others. We enjoy this point on the wheel for quite a while, proud of the skills that we've worked so hard to attain.
Then adhere your Real Red polka dot piece right over the punched handle, as shown above.
Awkward#2.
As if a sock monkey is ever lacking in personality.
Luke exhaled heavily, the sound of life and yet somehow the sound of death as well. “Kadie, I told you to wear a blue dress knowing full well you would wear green. You were always your most stubborn with me. Lucky for me, I learned all about your stubbornness early on.
The chick who does my indexing also parties hearty.
Corruption, grandstanding and total incompetence may sink Brazil’s dreams of becoming an oil exporting powerhouse. Prosecutors in the country last week slapped Chevron and drilling partner Transocean with an $11 billion fine for accidentally releasing around 3,000 barrels of oil off of Brazil’s coast. While the fine is clearly excessive and unlikely to stick, it has raised questions regarding the long-term safety of doing business in Brazil.
with light coloured hair. Some families got nicknamed after
I understood where these moms were coming from since I had heard several of the girls were crushing on various boys in the grade and had orchestrated a number of lunches and movie nights so they could double date. Some of the girls have some serious interest in boys these days. I also knew from the grapevine several kids in the grade have started "dating" and making out. Further, the text under the photo suggested the boy in the pic would not be happy it was posted; in fact, someone remarked "M..is going to be pissed at you for posting that." That's what made me decide to make the phone call. It seemed he might not even know about the photo.
Therefore, angels are only servants–spirits sent to care for people who will inherit salvation.
In it, he continues to compare British troops with the terrorists who carried out 9/11 and 7/7, accuses them of serious and despicable crimes, and urges all British citizens to blame the soldiers if they don't support the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.
One of the very few good good outcomes of that scourge is Nada's "L'amore è fortissimo e il corpo no". It's not an orthodox representative of the trend, but it's a very good album indeed, and the influence of straighter "alternative" styles is evident. Basically, it's a singer/songwriter work, with very mature and raw lyrics depicting problematic lives and destitute conditions. More than narrating or describing, the songs "furnish" the space with sounds and scattered images, making you perceive the very mood of the situations.
What follows is a powerful and clever drama that should have merited a UK cinema release, just when you think you know what’s going to happen it veers off in another direction whilst always maintaining its credibility.
That night I couldn’t sleep because I was so… excited for Valentines day. So I woke up at 5:00 A.M. I ate breakfast at 6 A.M. and read a book until 10:00 A.M.
Grow leadership skills
Instead of demanding more apologies (much like LGE did in tat failure of a DAP-MCA Debate), LKS needs to apologise for DAP’s FAILURE to keep it’s 12th GE promises as follows :
Maybe I’m just tired overall and I’m pushing/have pushed myself a bit too far lately. I felt like I had wings and flew a bit too close to the sun. I’m still here writing, so clearly I didn’t completely burn my wings off.
Here's your chance to organize these listings and create a plan of attack for the future. Do you have yarn in your stash for some of the projects, do you want to attack those first? Are these patterns organized by type - socks, sweaters, scarves, etc?
Strain broth through a sieve into another large pot or bowl. Sit the broth in a sink of icy water to cool. A layer of clear fat will form on the top after about half an hour. Simply skim off with a spoon. You might do this process a couple time. Don't stir it all up, that will mix the fat back into the broth.
Some cat owners love this evidence that cats can pet their owners as well as be petted. On the other hand, kneading can be downright painful to people, because a cat’s claws are deﬁnitely out while kneading. Owners of declawed cats (including the author) ﬁnd kneading to be a perfectly painless and delightful aspect of cat ownership.
How do you all regular folks get it done?
Fourth, tomorrow is my last day of work until January 4, 2007. I haven't had this much time off since before giving birth. So I have almost 2 weeks! To amuse the kids! To keep them from trashing the house! To help them adjust to a different schedule for 2 weeks before they have to readjust to the old one! To separate them when they're fighting! To make sure Her Majesty keeps up the potty training!
Practical numeracy
Indonesia is clearly, by virtue of its size, location and status as a democracy, one of the most important countries to the United States in Asia. The country has more Muslim faithful than Iran, Iraq, Egypt and Saudi Arabia combined. The strategic sea lanes that pass through and along Indonesian territory carry one-third of the world’s sea-borne trade, and half of the world’s oil passes through the Malacca Strait.
Calvin Coolidge - the first Prez to throw out a first pitch in the World Series +2 pts
Small mixing bowl
“Hi, Dad.” I wrapped my arms around one of the table’s legs. My eyes burned with tears. I didn’t hold them back. But it was fine since no one could see me.
ERASMIA: Armed attack sees farmer hit with bricks and a pipe.
At least that’s the theory.
Angelica's Bunny Rubber Stamp
c. Repentance unlike penance focuses on loving God and others (Psalm 51:13-17).
When I arrived Mrs McAlister was sitting in a large communal room; wheelchairs and high-winged chairs pushed against the walls and a very loud television in the corner, not really keeping anyone company.
“Someone you work with Wolf? And does she sit by you?”
that the world is beautiful
“We’ve shown there’s a huge interest in this issue,” said Ali, a performance artist and 2010-11 U.S. Fulbright Fellow. “We’re just appalled that we’ve been completely dismissed in the process.”
A few interviews (3-5) will be conducted within a small room, using appropriate recording equipment (microphone, camera) to ensure a high quality of sound and moving image. On the other hand a couple of vox pops will be conducted with my smart phone (SAMSUNG Galaxy S2) on the event day. This is necessary due to the high pace of the day and the lack of time and willingness of participants to engage in a professionally executed and longer lasting interview.
Thankfully, I answered his call to salvation and then to gospel ministry shortly after that in 1971.
There is something that happens to kids when they are part of a family that works to buy a boat, quit jobs and head off in pursuit of a dream. They grow into people who believe in their own dreams. We’ve met kids who wanted to stop sailing so they could pursue musical goals, apply for early admission to college, have better access to powerful computers or rejoin a sports team. And as parents we’re sometimes faced with a sudden and very
1. 1 woman in 8 is at risk of getting breast cancer.
You are being infiltrated. You are being compromised. You are being neutered. Stick to your principles. Stick with the Constitution. Keep opposing unconstitutional, preemptive wars. Keep calling for the abolition of the Federal Reserve. Keep fighting for less taxes, reduced federal spending, and states' rights...
I am undone by a pair of lips.
Some of these "Saints" are known to me personally, others may be writers, artists or musicians etc. The one thing that they will all have in common is that they all add, in their own way, to the sum of human happiness. In however great or modest a fashion, they make the world a better place to live in. They appear in no particular order of merit.
I also have less than three months left to spend time with The Kid before she graduates high school and leaves for boot camp and AIT school.
I had so many fears about this whole thing. All of them are gone now. Every time I look at my Shai's little face, smell hir breath, feel hir tiny heartbeat while zie sleeps on my chest.
Have you ever watched dairy cows grazing in a field? Just picture it – a sunny day, buttercups dotting the green fields, a blue sky with just a few white clouds….ah….yes…how serene. And the cows, well, they mosey around, eating whatever they’d like – not a care in the world. In that moment, wouldn’t you just love to know what it’s like to live in a world that is just like that field? Oh, I would. To be content, just appreciating the blessings right in front of me. Enjoying the provisions of today, and not giving even the slightest thought of what tomorrow may or may not bring.
1/2 cup fat-free sour cream
Posted on Tuesday 24 January 2012 - 11:30
Now – from the abusive Comment in my previous post I deduce that there may be some people who would like all of this, and more, buried. The message is clear – if you bring it up, your character may be questioned. There will be flak. It’s already the case that some people are reluctant to say much in public about these sorts of things (because you never know who might mark one of your future bids for funding, etc), and not just matters relating to Intute, and the best course is therefore usually assumed to be: tow the line/keep quiet. This doesn’t affect me anymore, because I’m retired, and I’m prepared to bring things up, and I’m not put off doing so by personal abuse.
That being said, the turmoil across the Middle East is creating power vacuums and opportunities for al-Qaeda. Many countries undergoing the Arab Spring are seeing an Islamist resurgence. In countries where the turmoil is violent (such as Yemen, Libya, or Syria) there is a tremendous opportunity for al-Qaeda to establish itself. Further, antidotes to the great challenges facing the greater Middle East are in short supply. It is unlikely the situation will get better in the short term and continuing mass discontent could lead to greater numbers adopting al-Qaeda’s radical ideology.
The Land of Hatchy Milatchy
A player can purchase "eggs" for real money, but we aren't doing that. Instead, we use "breeding caves," choosing dragon types that seem likely to produce the hybrid we seek. The process often takes a day or two in real time. We are learning patience.
Yet, despite, all her words about wanting to keep them, I was sure she wanted to sell. For the first time she let me talk: I smiled, "Your fabrics are stunning, I have quite a collection at home, but I haven't often seen any this beautiful"
Amber Carson of Lancaster, Pennsylvania because a jury ordered a Philadelphia restaurant to pay her $113,500 after she slipped on a spilled soft drink and broke her tailbone. The reason the soft drink was on the floor: Ms. Carson had thrown it at her boyfriend 30 seconds earlier during an argument. What ever happened to people being responsible for their own actions?
If this is the first solution for Red Bulls woes, then it will be interesting how the team develop from the V2.1 sidepod. Perhaps the tunnel will reappear in revised form or a McLaren style solution will be tried.
The CTW had worked closely with the CIA on capturing al-Qaeda leaders and operatives over the years, and that cooperation remained intact in mid-2010, even as tensions between the two intelligence agencies were rising over the rapid increase in the number of spies the CIA had infiltrated into Pakistan that year, partly to keep tabs on ISI's relations with the Afghan Taliban and Haqqani network. So, it would not have been unusual for the CTW to bring the results of the investigation of Khan to the attention of the CIA.
At the end of it all. Enjoy what you doing. Remember, its social media and unless you try to be social you cannot deliver.
Allhumdollialh the incoming foreign remittances and upcoming BOD of banking sector will trigger the market positively, Oil sector will still perform the volatile role, Cement sector will get into the volume leaders next week.
At first things were sooo much better. No more peaking around the corner to see if Spot was waiting to charge. No more displays of fowl aggression on mankind. Everything seemed so peaceful...until we noticed that some of the hens looked rather abused.
They convey complex messages.
I'm not sure if I could go back to that.
Just a reminder to pop into the store and vote for Challenge 3. There are awesome pages on the wall that are waiting for your vote!!! Voting closes this Saturday, 14 April!!!!
Vidura was an incarnation of Yāma, the god of death. After finishing his term as Vidura he returned to his place among the exalted deceased (the Pitṛ) and resumed his responsibilities as Yāma. But as a result of his tenure as Vidura, his consciousness was now completely wrapped around Kṛṣṇa.
It even has a party trick — air rings.
As I stood up, which signaled to Jamoka that it was time to go, I remember thinking it had suddenly gone very quiet and wondering if the birds were all at dinner or having naps. Looking around, I realized everyone had left but for us — it was definitely time to head home. As we started from the clearing by the water toward the trees and the trail to my car, I saw something move through the trees, and then something else; my instinct told me it was not the elderly man and has grandson and I longed for the sight of them, as instinctual warning bells clanged in my mind.
▼ 2010 (9)
In the dearth of evidence damning IVF comes a story of a couple who went through numerous IVF cycles before finally achieving a successful pregnancy. When they wanted to have another baby, they went back to IVF. Yet this time, they were in for a surprise when the doctor told them they were expecting triplets! But, according to the expectant father, three was just too many and his wife insisted, despite his pleadings, on a “selective reduction”­which resulted in two of their three preborn children being killed prior to birth. He relates,
Method of Murder:- Battered/Strangled
NFL Comparison: Titus Young
Exercise is wonderful. I love so many forms of exercise: swimming, biking, kickboxing, Pilates, power walks, light weights, etc.
Whether or not you love this super-scrubbed, family-friendly production, I defy you to find a smarter, more sensuous tulle skirt than the ones, designed by Martin Pakledinaz, that are elevating Pacific Northwest Ballet’s version of “Cinderella” to great success. The production runs for one more weekend at the McCaw Hall Opera House stage, with an extra Sunday show just added.
to seeing TSA's signature blue uniforms at the airport, but now agents are hitting the interstates to fight terrorism with Visible Intermodal Prevention and Response (VIPR).
So I now have the walking boot and he said I can begin to put some weight on it as long as it feels ok but to keep using the crutches as long as I needed. So far nothing magical happened and I’m still pretty much stuck with the crutches. I can balance a little on my left foot but walking really isn’t much of an option at this point. I’ll just have to keep working on this for the next couple weeks and I really hope to be without the crutches by the time I go back in for my next follow up on August 9th. This is when the evaluations happen and we figure out what happens next as far as rehabing. Right now he said I’m still in the healing stage so there’s not much I can do but wait.
At its core Uncharted 3 is an action-adventure game that focuses on cover-based shooting, platforming, hand-to-hand combat and puzzle-solving. Most of the game-play is unchanged, which is a good thing because why fix what isn’t broke right? Shooting feels mostly the same, though it can be a bit stiff when you are first starting the game. After messing around with the sensitivity a bit I was able get shooting down pretty quickly. Platforming feels pretty much identical, which is a good thing and it’s still really entertaining watching Drake clamber around especially in the sequences with the newly added vertical cover. Puzzle solving received one small change, which is the ability to give you the solution to the puzzle at hand if you’ve taken too long, which is relatively harmless.
The President nominated Mr. Cordray last summer. Unfortunately, Republicans in the Senate blocked his confirmation.
Candidate for a Pullet Surprise is a poem written by Jerrold H. Zar, Professor Emeritus at Northern Illinois University. However, Dr. Zar has had quite a time keeping his name attached to this wonderful bit of poetry, especially in this digital age.
All this year I have been preparing my students and those who come to platform, bringing a greater understanding of what is to happen and I will continue to do so guided by all source, and there are many parts to source that are here and helping. All that you have learnt from many teachers as well as your own intuition which is plugged into the universal teachings have prepared you for now. Trust that you do know what you need to know and that all is well.
Every year we’d try our skills at dunking the Nigger (it wasn’t as if we practiced for it all year either) and it seemed like the harder we tried and the harder we threw the ball the more we lost control and the more we lost control the madder we got, which meant we’d try even harder. (Well, here’s lettin’ you save face without lettin’ nobody know that you really enjoyed dunkin’ the nigger.) I knew what the nigger was doin’. That he was gittin’ us mad on purpose so that we’d miss the target so he wouldn’t git dunked. I know that I enjoyed it, I know that Lucky enjoyed it; and it looked like the nigger enjoyed it too ‘caused he’d laugh and laugh, tease us and laugh each time we missed the target. But then would come the payoff when we’d cause the seat to collapse out from under him and we’d watch him fall into a tank filled with water.
Goodreads/Shelfari: 24
I am still in the running for the Salford Book Award with The Dead of Winter and I very much hope that it survives onto the shortlist for the Carnegie Medal. The Dead of Winter is part of a Kindle promotion on Amazon a the moment and it has been fun to see it sitting at No. 1 on the horror listings in Children's Books.
The author and illustrator, Kathleen Rietz then take us upon a journey; a journey of a victim of cancer. From the visit to the doctor's office, testing and on to the diagnosis of cancer and the treatment, the reader follows step by step. The child learns what to expect and when to expect it. The young boy shows the typical emotions of a child in this situation; shares his thoughts with his friends, and above all, becomes Champ's caregiver. You can see the care and love radiating out form the illustrations and words.
We also had some visitors to our flowers. Check out these little boys, they are actually about 1.25 inches long. I have seen the black type flying around, but this golden colored type I have never seen before. I was wondering if maybe it is a new born bee, or?
I looked at him and just shrugged.
It's a quote from one of my favorite movies ever: Forrest Gump. It came to me at 5:00 this morning, as my mind was racing while I should have been sleeping. Remember the part of that movie when Forrest starts running across the country? That was what I felt like about eight months ago when I started posting on here. I felt compelled to write, so I wrote. And sort of like Forrest, but on a much smaller scale, I attracted some attention along the way. Some people started following me. My writing even inspired a few people (I've been told).
The green wizardry I’ve been discussing in these posts doesn’t lend itself to that sort of thinking, because it’s not intended for specialists. Now of course it will help a few careers along—unless you’re a dab hand with plumbing, for example, you’re better off getting a professional to install your solar water heating system—and it may get some started—I’ve spoken several times already about the range of small businesses that will be needed as the global economy winds down and maintaining, rebuilding, and repurposing old technologies becomes a significant economic sector. Still, most of the techniques and strategies I’ve been discussing aren’t well suited to make money for some new wave of specialists; their value is in making life more livable for ordinary people who hope to get by in the difficult times that are gathering around us right now.
Although I'm not the biggest classical music fan, there's something altogether entrancing about the sound of the piano. Though perhaps it's just me.
Don't get me wrong.
I went out for a going away dinner at an Indian restaurant and everyone had a million questions about what was going on with me and Mr. Big. I didn’t have anything to tell them except that me and Jo might be moving in together, it wasn’t their business. The sick feeling was still in my stomach but I felt okay.
Thank you Mom for your understanding, even though we know there were times you didn’t understand.
My jaw dropped as I watched him hug our five year old brother and they jumped up and down. I blinked. What, no fighting? Weirdos. I shook my head and looked at Mama.
OH MY GOD THEY ARE BOTH SO GREAT.
Fast forward a few hours - I'm leaving the hair salon and give Justin a call to say I'm on my way home - should I get something to eat or did he not eat as well? Very casually he tells me to just come home and we'll figure something out.
This song was the b-side of the "Valley Girl" single. First of all, imagine all the kids who bought the 45 and, just out of curiosity, gave this one a spin. Second, it's a fitting flip-side, representing a girl on the opposite end of the economic spectrum as the Valley Girl. While the airhead from Encino is a homophobic, shallow little wench, the portrait of the Teen-Age Prostitute is a sad one: a girl who ran away from an apathetic father to help her penniless mother, now living with an abusive pimp who keeps her loaded on drugs as she walks the streets at night. It isn't a fun read.
Jon and I drove 120 miles round trip every day in separate cars for over 100 days. This got very spendy...but not for us. Employees at Vivant, where Jon's sister-in-law works, raised $500 for Maverick cards for us. Jon's parents (in addition to driving an hour down from Heber several times a week to sit by the bedside of their grandson) gave us each a credit card to use for gas after the cards ran out, which happened very quickly.
In preparation towards taking my friend Theresa's maternity photos, I have been practicing my photography, and more specifically, learning how to use editing programs to create more professional images.
Our day seemed to go by so quickly but it was getting late.. I had a few other places planned for those who wanted a bit more of an adventure...
Or you can become comfortable with your sources of business – even when your niche is shrinking. After all, you understand these types of customers. You know their personalities. You are familiar with how these particular people will react to your ideas. Isn’t this great, you think.
Have a charming day!
Today was spent easing in to the island lifestyle......meaning we did a lot of doing nothing. Lazy morning spent on the porch with coffee and pastries while writing on this blog and Al surfing the web. Al took a walk to the corner store Santiva General Store for a Wall Street. We had problem with internet connection but now solved. Lot of ospreys flying about and screeching.
“See” you there!
Blondes have more fun, as the old Miss Clairol ad used to tout, but in the company of a twenty-foot-tall ape, a little fun goes a really long way.
Yet again I have managed to neglect you, my dear readers. I promised you lots of things, a movie, a lot of interviews, but I managed to do none of these. The movie, or lack thereof, I could probably blame on technology, but I wish to take full responsibility for my shortcomings. For this I am sorry, but I will more-or-less make it up to you in this post. Yes, you read that right: this post. I will stuff this post full of pictures, impressions and stories. So pay attention and be patient!
Matthew 6:26-30: “Look at the birds of the air: they neither sow nor reap nor gather into barns, and yet your heavenly Father feeds them. Are you not of more value than they? And which of you by being anxious can add a single hour to his span of life? And why are you anxious about clothing? Consider the lilies of the field, how they grow: they neither toil nor spin, yet I tell you, even Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed like one of these. But if God so clothes the grass of the field, which today is alive and tomorrow is thrown into the oven, will he not much more clothe you, O you of little faith?”
Dear Secretary-General,
The Government (Alf gave enthusiastic support on this one) was influenced by a food industry campaign against “mass medication” of the food supply and concerns about links between folic acid fortification and cancer.
“Similarly there are other models which may come with a solar panel on the roof of the house,” Das added.
Bitrate: 128 kbps
Before Obama landed, Republicans had heaped criticism on Obama. Michael Mukasey, attorney general under Bush, slammed Obama for his “plans during the coming campaign to exploit the bragging rights to the achievement” in an article in the Wall Street Journal.
So, one of the reasons I don't like the Occupy movement is the lack of a clear message, it seems to be a case of mass whining with no articulation. The other reason I don't like it is how they behave when they get together - it's the kind of thing I'd expect to see from a similarly sized group of baboons.
This terrible problem should now be resolved. After further investigation, this appears to have been linked to a mobile advertising provider that has now been completely disabled and removed. Your readers will have no further problems reading your site via any mobile platforms, and I’d like to express our sincerest apologies for this mess. This was entirely inappropriate, and it will not happen again.
My friends, we will speak today about your joyous emergence into your true selves. Your mental picture is most likely of a celebrating you at the completion of a process. That is a wonderful picture to have. But that is a picture of a reality that, although it exists now, is not yet your reality in your dimension.
1. The Accessibility Institute at the University of Texas will be closed effective August 29th 2008.
When compulsive consumers-cum-critics praise this or that modern piece of referential art, they're pretending that they're spending a lot of time with it and that this is a testament to the quality of the material (they're making a claim then, of the art being essential, as explained above). Do not trust them, divide their claims of how much they've experienced the object of art by ten or more. If they say they've been listening to a record for two months straight, this means they've given it a half-dozen incomplete listens while surfing the internet, perhaps. The reason they're lying is because they know nobody will pay any attention to their recommendations if they were truthful about how they're using the product. Art is still sold on the basis of essentialism even when both critic and consumer do not consume the product with mind to its essential quality. The merit of art has been sidestepped, it has become at best a selling point on a marketing sheet. What is sold and bought instead, is a brief feeling of elation, belonging, an experience of something one already is prepared to experience.
Oh. Good. Grief.
we should have more news in the coming weeks....until then thanks to everyone for your love and support. sweet baby boy hang tight, we are coming for you. we love you more than words can express and dream of you each and everyday. your big sister will be starting "sibling" class soon and is soooo ready to meet you. and, unlike the pregnancy i experienced with her, you are growing in me as well. i feel you inside my heart, filling my heart and expanding my knowledge of love. you are my little love and i cannot wait to hold you, love you, protect you and encourage you all your days.
Armor saves (extra)
In his suit, Mohd Razali Abdullah, 49, claimed that Ooi had slandered him repeatedly and caused defamatory statements to be published by newspapers, websites and news portals in 2009 when he was a municipal councillor, and some of the defamatory words were repeated in newspapers in January 2010.
Having the Lord Ruler as God can be dangerous. Ham raises a valid point about their rebellion. He states that the Lord Ruler “defines what is good.” When the citizens go against his will they are committing not only acts of treason but evil. What if the Lord Ruler is evil himself? Can acts against him still be considered evil? Having a system of rule and religion that is controlled solely by one man, in my opinion is dangerous. What happens if that one person is evil? Or is insane? Who do you turn to? And I have to wonder why the Lord Ruler is destroying other religious beliefs. What is he so afraid of?
03.Where Do We Go
COVERS
Therefore let him who thinks he stands take heed that he does not fall.
We want to increase and improve the genetic quality of the human race by purging the garbage from the system.
The other says, "She's waiting for him to kick off!"
Their new annual is great, lovely look and feel (quintessentially British), typography and illustration - hats off to Mark Denton Esq., Dave Dye, Sean Doyle and Steve Bright and everyone else involved. Blimey, I might even join.
Eat directly on the street. Street hawker food can be the best Thai food, but visitors fear the conditions might not be hygienic. Actually, such places are probably more reliable that five star restaurants, since everyone sees everything the cook does.
Things got interesting for me this morning when I woke up at around 10 AM. I realized I hadn’t been putting my name out there for potential jobs. It’s a hell of a thing to wake up to, especially with the change of season upon us all. There are goals to meet. There at so many things to do. There’s all that damned Spring Cleaning I’ve been putting off (mostly because it seems other people have left ME in charge of it for the whole family).
Gillian Philip writes like a dream. Whether she's turning her hand to a fantasy Scotland where exiled Sithe faeries roam the land or, as here, a modern YA crime novel with a challenging subject, she's a winner from any reader's point of view.
* Sales & Marketing Assistant Manager
Victor L Wooten: $18.50 paperback,
She writes about having muscles. Feminine muscles. It begins...
Here's some pictures from Thanksgiving. I use my blog mostly as a scrapbook of sorts (because I do NOT have the self discipline to scrapbook), so I wanted to make sure these pictures got on the blog.
The one I’d definitely snap up is the offer on Sainsbury’s Blanc de Blancs (*****) an elegant all-Chardonnay champagne which has been made for them for a while by the reputable house of Duval Leroy. It’s normally £16.99, currently reduced to £14.99 and down to £11.24 if you buy 6 or more bottles (which needn’t all be champagne).
2. Fold and glue together at both sides with a piece of tape
Once its hot throw in the garlic, onions and ginger and stir fry for a couple of minutes till the onions have wilted and the nice smell of ginger and garlic is obvious.
Wrinkle tells the story of adolescent Meg Murry, her genius little brother Charles Wallace, and their battle against evil as they search across the universe for their missing father, a scientist. The brother and sister, helped by a young neighbor, Calvin, and some supernatural spirits, must pass through a time travel corridor (the "wrinkle in time") and overcome the ruling powers on a planet with a totalitarian government reminiscent of George Orwell's 1984.Meg is 12, the twins Sandy and Dennys are 10, and Charles Wallace is 5. Calvin O'Keefe, 14, goes with Meg and Charles Wallace to find their father.
About time.
This group created a custom map for the bachelorette party invitation and asked guests to RSVP to receive more details at a later date - but our guess is the map includes some of the anticipated activities!
while....
Which is why his warning about the Federal Reserve’s future rounds of Quantitative Easing, which he sees as a certainty, should be heeded. Dalio believes that future inevitable money printing by the Federal Reserve will “lead to a collapse in currencies and bond markets.” Dalio even gave a time frame, late 2012 or early 2013.
" Czechoslovakia ."
What are your thoughts?
Here's the card I made for the midway reminder:
Bowie the hero!
Now let’s turn to the stages of early recovery, middle recovery, late recovery and maintenance.
Stop by your local shelter and lend a hand. I mopped the floor and washed windows on my first visit. (Please do not tell Karen I am capable of such tasks. She might expect me to do this at home!) If you have skills as a carpenter or electrician make yourself available. Or just stop by to give a dog a walk or a hug. It will do you heart good in more ways than one.
Fossgate is a real find, actually. There’s the beautiful Merchant’s Hall; the MacDonalds set in a fantastic old cinema (but a furniture shop, not the burger bar…); and a host of quirky individual shops. A great addition to a day-out in York, and one more tourists should find…
To put the problem in the simplest terms, the interests of the client continue to be sidelined in the way the firm operates and thinks about making money. Goldman Sachs is one of the world’s largest and most important investment banks and it is too integral to global finance to continue to act this way. The firm has veered so far from the place I joined right out of college that I can no longer in good conscience say that I identify with what it stands for.
I think my most optimistic time — if all conditions are right — is probably a 4:20 finish based on the plan above, but I’m really just hoping for a 4:30 or better. Of course, I will still be very happy with a PR which is anything under 5:00. I’m pretty confident that it would take some severe weather or something very unexpected to interfere with a sub-5:00 finish.
Rounding out the chase cards are several exciting sets including:
In ancient cultures, illnesses and misfortune were seen as a punishment for God and/or the work of evil powers. Such affliction was believed to be a result of the sine committed by the sufferer or his or her parents. The terror of leprosy lay in the diminished physical changes that inevitably came and in the social and spiritual rejection associated with it. The leper lived apart from the community and, when encountering other people, yelled out “Unclean! Unclean!” so that others could avoid contact. Worst of all, no leper could participate in worship or join the community in any religious activities. No one had less dignity or hope than a leper.
Pretty accessories:
It is also a UNESCO World Heritage Sites giving a boost to tourism in India significantly. It is the largest brick and stone minarets in the world. It is not only attractions of Delhi tourism but is also one of the most important places to visit India. These attractions of Delhi have a pride position in a well designed itinerary of India.
topped with zesty light tomato sauce and shaved Greek
A laugh is a smile that bursts. ~Mary H. Waldrip
The title of this unit is called, "Look Again," and they think
“So this is where the party is at.” Dane commented as he sat down next to me on the couch, he casually put his arm on the back, almost touching my shoulders. “So what’s up?”
Murnau’s reconciliation scene is poetic, if nothing else. The Man hands the Wife flowers (a symbol of rural life, as plants often are in Sunrise), and the Wife clutches them like a bouquet. They attend—crash, really—a wedding, adopt the newlywed’s vows as their own, and are born again as a couple in this urban fantasy land. It is a profoundly abstract solution, and had Gaynor not played her Wife with such naturalism, I might have swallowed it.
And this room, which was intended to be the formal dining room, is now our playroom! I'm planning on putting a craft table in here as well, so then it will truly be "our" playroom and not just Liam's.
radically different
Facts About Oil.” Oil Facts. N.p., n.d. Web. 4 Feb. 1991.
I’d convince Americans that Europe has it right, and America has it wrong.
One thing to keep in mind is that the demand for succinctness seems to apply primarily to unpublished writers. The Deathly Hallows is 759 pages, but The Sorcerer’s Stone is only 309. Rowling was probably forced to be more terse than she wanted with that first novel: once she established herself as a bestselling author, she was allowed to indulge. It is also true that some debut novels are massive: Special Topics in Calamity Physics, Marisha Pessl’s first novel, is 514 pages long — which translates to about 200,000 words. We look at her, cross our envious arms over our chests, and think, well if she can do it …
Fareda: I can’t wash it off. It takes two days before this kind of paint washes off.
"I'm ... okay," I slowly answered.
The entire garden was filled with the scent of Lord Śrī Kṛṣṇa’s transcendental body. When Srī Caitanya Mahāprabhu smelled it, He fell unconscious at once.
If I promise you rain
A new study reveals that over 20 percent of patent filings can now be traced to mobile technology. The findings suggest that the industry may be the future of innovation.
I didn’t scream. That’s what age does. “No,” I informed her. “I am going to Europe today. The only issue is how you are going to get me there.” The dangers of using a cordless phone in the shower, aside, the agent was able to book two business class tickets on Lufthansa leaving three hours later than my flight. “But,” she insisted. “I should leave for the airport RIGHT AWAY to CONFIRM the already confirmed seats.”
Offended by President Obama's decision to force health insurers to pay for contraception and surgical sterilization? It gets worse: In the future, thanks to ObamaCare, the government will issue such health edicts on a routine basis—and largely insulated from public view. This goes beyond contraception to cancer screenings, the use of common drugs like aspirin, and much more.
let me tell you one thing that really piss me off so badly.
Recipe: CUBA LIBRE A LA FRUGAL CITY GIRL, AGE 18 AND TWO MONTHS
I have to say thanks to my mum for this, she is the most wonderful example of woman I could possibly think of. She is incredibly strong and passionate in everything she does and she went through every kind of situation all the times only by herself. And now she is finally living her own life, the life she chose to live, counting only on her great ability to solve things and on her intelligence. She is the most independent person I have ever known, she could do anything, and she taught me about the importance of counting on yourself and learning how to solve problems and situations alone.
i can't even begin to try to catch anyone up on what's been going on!! b/c honestly i don't even know myself. sometimes i forget if i've eaten or not. sometimes i wonder if i peed today. so how could i really tell you what's happened in the last couple of months. well, here's what i do remember:
Soub emptied out my two vacuum cleaners in anticipation of the clean up,
Last Thursday was about the busiest day I’ve had in awhile. I had to get my capstone approved by the journalism department, and had a little bit of work to do for the ACLU. Then, it was off to ballet at 6, and then a hip hop gathering at 10. I was exhausted from standing on my feet practically all day.
He chuckles as it immediately wraps its tail around his arm and starts licking his leg, soon attracting a couple of others who muscle in to get in on the rugby playing-peg action.
That stains her lips red as she changes
So, in order to not be bullied, you have to accept happiness, and not care that you are no longer a faceless drone.
On the homebrewing side, I'm always amazed by the would-be brewers that want to "clone-brew" a version of Corona or even the insanely-overrated Fat Tire Ale. WTF? I just don't get it. Why get into homebrewing in the first place, if you're just going to try to copy the Shit Beers of the World? Find another hobby...cooking, maybe. You could attempt to "clone-cook" the perfect copy of a McDonalds Quarter-Pounder, or clone-bake the perfect version of a f*cking Twinkie. And then wash it all down with a Rum and Coke.
Beloved child of the universe,
I’m not sure how they “grow them” in South Carolina but judging that this state alone has produced the likes of Jim Demint and is home to the Tea Party wing of the GOP, I am beginning to suspect that critical thinking is not something they take too seriously down there.
How does one do it on the imported side of the ledger when it isn’t always possible to get Indiana wholesalers and importers on the same page?
This raises a question: Is it worthwhile to arrest victims of forced prostitution, thus further traumatizing and victimizing them? Additionally, should we prosecute those who choose to become prostitutes as harshly as we prosecute clients?
My heart torn apart in bits as it beats faster with every step you take
Hooray! Some good news!
Jane then goes on to list and describe no less than 23 different techniques she has discovered for writing haiku, the names of some of which seem like they could themselves be lines in haiku — The Technique of Sense-Switching, The Technique of Mixing It Up, The Above As Below Technique. I advise you to go read about them now if you harbor any ambitions at all in the haiku-writing line yourself and have the slightest degree of dissatisfaction with your efforts to date.
Confusion wasn’t supposed to be like this. In real life it’s never this clear cut, as though the shutters have come down 73 years before and nothing since is visible.
When I approached my friend about putting together more "authentic costumes," she responded that there were "no authentic costumes."
IAN: I'm running a contest/puzzle on my website right now! First prize is a signed advanced review copy of Bitter Seeds. Details on the contest and some hints on how to play can be found in several entries on my blog, starting here.
What’s new:
At the start of the season (you can only visit outside the monsoon), it was still pretty busy and we were lucky to get a bed. Our room was cheap by Malaysian standards at 35RM (7 pounds) but next to a generator and also a family of giant monitor lizards…. bloody huge they were! But once we put some fairy lights up it was transformed into our little home for 5 days.
Halfway to Rye on the train, I realised I’d forgotten my camera. So the pictures in this post, taken with my phone, are a little bit blurry and indistinct, but should give an idea of the landscape encountered on this walk. Think of them as an Impressionist revival.
As we approach the holidays, a time when I am never sure how much time I am going to have on my hands to indulge in the secondary and tertiary life things, I wanted to take the opportunity to post about something I probably don’t do enough of; gratitude for the people I have the pleasure of being around a game table rolling dice with, bullshitting with, arguing with, and for the love of Mike getting actual quality gaming in with. This post is for the people at my sessions who put up with me and my wingding style, and keep coming year-in, year-out. This bud’s for you, bitches (who mostly don't even read this blog, so I feel safe calling them "bitches").
Please leave a link to your entry via the Linky Tools below and good luck! The challenge will close at 12 noon UK time on thursday 30th of December.
Hey all! These have been very busy days, choosing the Design Team (it HAS been chosen and will be announced this week!) inking my last few designs for TGF, creating new characters for The Stamping Bazaar, packaging the Hansel rubber stamps (finally!) and doing a bunch of stuff unrelated to rubber stamping, all while sleeping poorly and breathing even worse. I am sleeping better now, but my breathing is not back to normal yet.
Dr. Bender’s LSD experiments continued into the late 1960s and, during that time, continued to include multiple experiments on children with UML-401, a little known LSD-type drug provided to her by the Sandoz Company, as well as UML-491, also a Sandoz product. Bender’s reports on her LSD experiments give no indication of whether the parents or legal guardians of the subject children were aware of, or consented to, the experiments. Without doubt, parents or guardians were never informed that the CIA underwrote Bender’s work. Over the years, there have been multiple reports that many of Bender’s subject children were either “wards of the State” or orphans, but the available literature on the experiments reveals nothing on this. The same literature makes it obvious that the children had been confined to the Creedmoor State Hospital for long periods of time and that many, if discharged, needed “suitable homes or placements in the community.” There is also no evidence that any follow-up studies were conducted on any of the children experimented upon by Dr. Bender. Today, Dr. Bender is best known and highly regarded in some circles as the creator of the Bender-Gestalt Test, which measures motor skills in children.
The next morning, Sokurah has done his work. Princess Parisa is discovered in her bedchamber, alive and well but shrunken to the size of a tiny doll. The Sultan, outraged and grieving, vows to reduce Bagdad to ashes to avenge this insult to his daughter. His hand is stayed only when Sinbad seeks out Sokurah and gets the sorcerer to admit that he can return the Princess to her normal size -- but only with a potion using the eggshell of the giant bird, the Roc, which is found (of course) only on Colossa. So the magician has at last extorted his expedition after all, to be led by Sinbad himself. But Sinbad fears -- knows -- that Sokurah can't be trusted, and that he will have to be kept a wary eye on.
We all thoroughly enjoyed them.
Al was in een toale die 'k nie en verstond
What is most noticeable about his captivity is that he got injured by a land mine when they got caught and he has now a lot of shrapnel running through his system. He meets a doctor- luckily- in his captivity, who designs a magnetic chest plate that will keep the shrapnel from entering his heart and killing him.
Tour Dates w/ The New Year
7:58. PPPPHHHHHHHHUUUUUUUUUTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT!!!!!!!!
William Klein (1 gelatin silver print and 1 book, 1955, 1956)
After class, Brenda and Natalie see a gathering of students outside reading the school newspaper. Reese, a member of the security staff, is trying to confiscate the papers, with little success. On the front page is a story about Michelle Mancini, the girl who died in the opening scene. As Brenda reads the article out loud, Natalie looks stunned.
She expected the door to swing wide open. It swings only about 20 centimeters before stopping silently.
The only question I have at this point is when can we expect the Murdoch retirement party?
Quit your job
Putting aside their appearance, these are however, the most comfortable pair of shoes I have ever put on my feet. The cushioning on the bottom is miraculous, preventing any soreness on my feet. I'm going to try them out today for a longer walk after I get back from my morning group meditation.
I also have a bit of a thing for Masterpiece Mystery and the new season of Sherlock Holmes just started so I've spent a few hours watching that too. Just needed to spend some time with my family and spend some time just vegging. :-)
Her altruism was more than I could handle. “Look, I don’t
As a result, as many as 35 new Hindi films entailing investments of over Rs 200 crore of investments will now be able to hit screens soon. These include Yashraj Film’s New York starring Katrina Kaif and John Abraham, Kaminay (Shahid Kapoor, Priyanka Chopra), Kambakht Ishq, Life Partner and Sikander, among others.
For additional information on Sprout programs or schedules, visit SproutOnline.com. To find out where Sprout is available in your area, call 1.866.9.SPROUT.
42. I like to ease into things.
18Cursed is he by whom the blind are turned out of the way. And let all the people say, So be it.
What do you do on a regular (get it? REGULAR? I kill me) basis to keep things moving and feeling great?
Rampant corruption in low-income countries also jeopardises the global fight against poverty and threatens to derail the UN Millennium Development Goals (MDGs), according to the report.
Having a hard time finding them is not.
New on the real estate investing business? No problem. This will easily help you deal with the ups and downs of the real estate dilemma. A novice investor usually has doubts regarding the outcome of his or her property investment and will nevertheless back-out on the verge of different risks arising. That is not quite the deal. There are different techniques to deal with like shortcomings or unexpected situations. More so, a beginner can avoid such difficulties just by following these simple techniques.
PIZZA:
They are basically preteen stage of cabbages, only available in spring and early summer time.
This is a slow, gentle and relaxing low-impact exercise performed holding a light four-foot pole – gripping it at the ends – to create a symbolic pyramid in exactly the same way as Jiangan (the Chinese Wand Exercises).
You can pick up the wax here, but if you don't take me at my word that this is an album you should pick up, the lead-off track is below and clicking on the album title in the second paragraph will take you to a Soundcloud set of the entire record.
Richard Connar, watching the scene from the EM CopterCam video feed and talking to the reporting staff on board–
Each morning Rosemary prepared for us a two-course breakfast that was to die for! Homemade scones, pancakes and fruit dishes were prepared with fresh-cut herbs from her hill country garden. Isn't her kitchen adorable? We sat around her island chatting and drinking coffee each morning - it made it hard to go to work!
"At the time more than 1,000 South African scientists and engineers were involved in the project, which also embraced universities, private companies and research institutes." media statement:
“I did what I had to,” Mesdan snaps. “Would you not have done the same?”
Jewelry and the Darkside: Quaint Typeface Adornment
So, the girls and Mr P and I went off to have a brunch at a small cafe nearby. It was a lazy Sunday...not a lot of productivity... We had supper with some close friends last night (a rarity as Mr P seldom has time off from the hospital :( ), and we had a wonderful time, catching up, chatting, laughing... The girls and their friends were so involved in their own discussions, we almost didn't notice them... all in all , a lovely evening!This week was also a fantastic learning week...my dear friend Dana, taught Linda and myself how to hand-dye/handpaint yarn! I feel like a whole world has opened up for me...suddenly all I want to do is DYE! Morning, noon and night...the kitchen smells like vinegar all the time ;) It's like painting with watercolours...addictive :) Thank you Dana ♥ If anyone is interested, Dana has her tutorials on how to dye, available on her website...
The Blessed Damozel has often been said to be about Rossetti’s wife – the deceased heavenly female figure in the poem. Rossetti was somewhat haunted by her ghostly presence, as he was by those of the other two women in his life. This added another dimension to his work, a more eerie and foreboding one. Although his subjects ranged from classical, biblical, historical, and literary, and often the ethereal and romantic mood prevailed, his female subjects were often portrayed as seemingly innocent yet obdurate seductresses charming the male to his end. Perhaps Rossetti adhered to the antediluvian belief that the great fall of man rests at the hands of a woman. But who can say? Rossetti’s poems, like his paintings, are beautiful, at times remarkably so and characterised by the themes which shaped the poet’s own life, namely love and death.
My Puppy Went for my shoes (first and last time that will ever happen-they have since been moved)
What is “crumpl-gami?” Is probably what you are asking. Or possibly “Why did you leave off the “e” in crumple. Do you think you’re cool or something?” Yes. I think I am cool. Now to address the former question, crumpl-gami was a style I “invented” to create a really new style and type of origami. I say “invented” loosely and in quotes because it was inspired completely by the artist Vincent Floderer as well as the origamist Bernie Peyton who taught me to “mold” rather than fold paper. Taking these words literally and combining Floderer’s super crimp folding style, I literally crumpled paper up to fold it and morph it into shape. I use water as a sort of binding because it loosens the fibers within the paper and then hardens them as they dry to keep the shape. That’s how I got the crown so down to the “point.” (HAHA.) I photomanipulated this piece so it would be green and have a red flame, I don’t have paper that’s this exact. haha. But I really like this style I work with because I literally feel like I can fold anything. I guess some of the extra random creases may take away from the fundamental “clean” origami with sharp creases and everything, but I also feel like it gives more texture, life, and variation (literally no two models will be the same.) I hope that this helps people see that there are so many different ways of seeing origami rather than the normal straight geometric figures. Because the first time, I viewed work from people like Vincent Floderer (look him up now! if you haven’t already.) I was really astounded at how different it seemed.
KH: When we play in really small bars in Iceland in front of 200 people, when it's packed it has a really good character.
Dear me, I’ve gone an hour without food. No wonder I’m feeling a bit peckish…
D: "You could go a couple days without knitting, spinning, cross stitch or beading. Your hands don't have to be busy every minute of the day."
It is still not “politically correct” to admit that one votes for “The Danish People’s Party” , but when alone in the ballot box, people do so nevertheless. Including a lot of my friends from the so-called “leftist parties”. I don’t know if Lars Hedegaard does so, but recently the party has made great efforts to emphasize its anti-Islamic nature — as opposed to racism. But first and foremost it has a firm stance against the EU-quagmire.
1. Find something worthy to take a picture with – as demonstrated here, moldy plastic fruits can be an example.
Congratulations to the girls track team for their 94-37 win over Midview yesterday. First place finishes went to:
The Paris Apartment book by Claudia Strasser
Actually, she says there’s stuff that smells like lavender that works the same. I’ll have to get some.
“Not had any badges for a while but it is something we are looking into.”
Starry-eyed an’ laughing as I recall when we were caught
TCN is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit, membership-based organization that partners with nonprofits, businesses and community members to improve health, social and environmental conditions. Serving Western Montgomery, Northern Chester and Eastern Berks counties in Pennsylvania, TCN offers seven key programs: Build Up Youth, C.A.R.E. (Caring in Alternative Residential Environments), Environmental Awareness, Family Literacy, Homeless Services, S.A.F.E. (Supporting Abuse Free Environments), and Workforce Development. For more information on TCN, visit www.tcnetwork.org.
Contending and fighting for wealth is part of the capitalist game. Economic Darwinism, those who can’t play are cast outside the system. Self-support is the self-directive principle which stabilizes cooperation and self-direction.
-Sleepless nights, and napless days are exhausting
So how do you share your expertise with your target audience? Through writing and speaking. And it starts with being able to get your core ideas down on paper in a way that catches your audience’s attention and compels them to action.
They say friends are gifts for yourself. I am thankful for those days when i was around 15 years old and often bullied at school, there was this one person who stood up for me against all others. Though this person might not have remembered at all, it molded my life and Gave me hope! At least it regained my self-confidence and made living
20-something: Yes, I’ll have a Long Island Iced tea. Keep it coming!
Definitely recommend this book to others.
We are lucky enough to be sponsored by the fabulous
Seabirds landed with petty squeals
I’m an open heart and mind. I am accepting you and more importantly, I am accepting myself. A Salon Co-Ordinator at the moment in a sunny North Texas who spends more than I have but creates even more. A people person in a twisted way. A blogger and piss poor writer who refuses to give up. A daughter, sister, cousin, friend, stranger and a list of endless titles. Happy. Happy and hopeful is what I am.
The divorce is very complicated and of course I cannot discuss it in public – yet… I have no idea what my financial status is going to look like and won’t know for another few months. The best I can do is move forward with my life and keep paying down the marital debt and adding to the marital assets. At some point it will all work out.
Gas stations and refineries
So, I tell you all of this because I want 'you to understand why I want to jump in a cold lake. Because to get uncomfortable is to lead to rewards that you've never dreamt of. What is the reward for jumping in the cold lake? That's part of the discomfort, usually we don't know until we do it, what it is all leading to.
I am the author of “The Artist’s Guide to Success in the Music Business”, a book to help independent artists, musicians, bands, labels and managers achieve self sufficient and sustainable success in the music industry.
Review Copy Source: Publisher
be brave". These statements have the unwitting effect of
I feel an amazing sensation;
Plump it Up: After you’ve applied your lip gloss or lipstick, use shimmery product like eye shadow or an eyebrow highlighter to make a small dot in the very center of your lips. Lightly blend to create natural looking shading that gives the illusion of fuller lips.
McGinniss is far from claiming sole responsibility. As he sees it, Palin faced two problems running for the Republican nomination this year: she didn’t have a hope of winning and any attempt would expose her to the sort of scrutiny that would put at risk her lucrative new career as a political celebrity.
This is still great reheated so pack up leftovers for lunch. It's also perfect for kids and non-vegans...you seriously can't tell there is no cheese and it's super creamy and yummy.
Before I left, I asked the Brain if he would like me to plan and shop for some dinners for while I was gone, or if I should just stock up on the makings for his all time favorite meal - peanut butter and grape jelly with ruffles chips. (Yes, it really is)
many in my extended family refuse to confront difficult issues?
Ideally in a dark, locked room,
“Everything costs money.”
Thanks for stopping by....the team has assembled some seriously
This morning I woke up, and looked around my bedroom and realized there are papers, books, magazines, and reciepts from clothes everywhere. I have been meaning to get around to cleaning the papers and what not up, but I've just been avoiding it...until today when I looked outside and saw the rain coming down! Gotta love Canada!
But when the God we worship shares a striking resemblance to us…there’s bound to be trouble.
After lunch and a much needed caffeine pick me up we were off to pick out our new tree! As soon as we got to our local store and hit the nursery Boog spotted the loveliest lilies. I LOVE Lilies so of course they were immediately added to our shopping cart. Soon we came upon a Hibiscus plant. When Littles saw it she started to grab for it and say "my, my" over and over again until I put it in our cart. So Littles picked out our "tree" ( I think it is really a bush) and Boog picked out some flowers to add to our yard.
1/4 cup of diced feta
Q Can entries be cancelled?
Team Home Runs: 145
In a question-and-answer session following her speech at Harding University here, Rice said she would not be Mitt Romney’s running mate. “Thank you for that enthusiastic response, but no,” she said. This will dispel all those Condi Veep Rumors! Until the next ones!
And by that I mean, they've accepted it knowingly or not. It probably takes some exposure to Buddhism or Taoism or some other Eastern -ism to understand radical acceptance on a cognitive level. But there are those who've never breathed an om in their life, and yet still manage to bring this air of, "I wouldn't change anything" wherever they go.
In conjunction with my upcoming show Trav S.D.’s American Vaudeville Theatre 15th Anniversary ExTRAVaganza, I’m doing a number of special posts to orient audiences and readers in the twin realms of my own vaudeville past (such as it is) and that of vaudeville in general.
Something that is not me being a nitpicky prick, though, is the fact that the acting in this film is, oftentimes, atrocious. I love Brian O’Halloran and Jeff Anderson(as Dante and Randal) but even they are often guilty of the overly dramatic, community theater style delivery that plagues this entire film. The performances of Marilyn Ghigliotti(yes, I had to look that up) and Lisa Spoonauer are slightly worse, but still among the best in the movie. It is the cast of extras that really bring the acting quality down. It feels, in many cases, as if they are reading their lines, which they have never seen before, off of cue cards that are just out of sight. As a former wannabe actor, this aspect of the film makes it painful to watch at times.
3) Those that solely focus on flashy techniques or “cool looking techniques” (Usually the younger guys).
When he was a year or so old, we had a very horrible winter. Off and on all winter long, Goliath would struggle with a couple days of fever and diarrhea. Then he would get better. All winter it went on. Finally, in April he got sick and wasn’t doing better. He had antibiotics, wormer, herbal wormer, Pepto-bismol, and I don’t know how many other things. Thank goodness, he was so easy to give medicine. Just put it in a syringe and stick it in his mouth. He’d eat it. The only hard part was getting the syringe back out of his mouth.
Black Star recently announced the acquisition of its future location at Crestview Station, with construction to begin next month.
"I found you a blouse today."
If you want to do something charitable, this is a great organization, so be sure and check out their site. These brave young men and women deserve a roof over their heads.
Keeping up with the trend, there are lots of glass in the new building, several gardens and viewing galleries.
Hi Paper Lovers...
I’m sorry but.. what the fuck?
> Other schools receiving awards this week—the first-ever U.S. Department of Education Green Ribbon Schools. The 78 schools make “science, environmental and outdoor education play a central role in providing children with a well-rounded education, helping prepare them for the jobs of the future,” according to Arne Duncan.
Although I've had this recipe forever, I have never actually made the pie before. Chocolate is not my favourite flavour, you know. But my family loves chocolate, so it was high time for me to give this a try. The filling is the same recipe that my great-grandmother used to make chocolate pudding. So I'm guessing this was probably my great-great-grandmother's recipe. It's OLD!
What have your kids done for 100th Day of School projects?
I met a man who lives in Tennessee
She stood there and watched, Tripti went to Revati and rudely woke her up, “It’s nine in the morning!” she guffawed. “Look at you! Sleeping like a sloth. Soon you will become a bump in the bed.”
4. God will take sickness away from you. “And I will take sickness away from the midst of you” (v. 25). –Divine health!
Okay guys, gotta go. Ellen, Reid and I will be on full baby alert. We’ll take care of ourselves; no need for you or Tim to cater to us. You have bigger – or make that smaller – matters to attend to.
Cindy Haffner is next on our technique challenge showcase. Cindy is using the Summer Blossoms set. For the technique challenge, Cindy stamped the leafy image in olive. Love the subtle variation of color with a more detailed fine image. For added visual effect and to give some definition, Cindy misted additional colors. Cindy combined embossing texture, piercing, and corner accent with ribbon detailing to finish her card. Gorgeous, Cindy!
With this last Golden Demon in Italy, the GD season of 2011 has come to an end. It has been a very good year regarding level and number of participants in practically every country. I would like to do a little summary of the Slayerswords we have seen this year, let's see:
So tell me! What kind of project would YOU attempt with these itty bitty things? Would you be tempted to save them and make them into a fun project? I think this is a fun way of repurposing something that most people would just throw away! I'm saving the world! Well, okay, maybe I'm giving myself too much credit but I am proud that I'm finding uses for these scraps! Give me more ideas!!
The urine is normally sterile. An infection occurs when bacteria get into the urine and begin to grow. The infection usually starts at the opening of the urethra where the urine leaves the body and moves upward into the urinary tract.
Wedding to take place from September 2009 - May 2010 (as long as it is an available date for the vendors)
Many of you already know this, but for those of you who do not here is why you might want to be able to do this, and how you can: First of all, if you live in an area that is prone to power outages like we have here in Florida, especially during the hurricane season, it would be truly great to have an alternative source of weather and world information; something better than an ordinary “Weather Radio.” Of course battery-operated television sets are on the market, but a set with a decent sized viewing screen is rather expensive, and even they won’t work in most locations without a good antenna system (cable, satellite, or dish). And what if you have to evacuate? Will the battery operated TV work in your car, RV, or shelter?
He would make up at 12 midnight and chant the entire Bhagavad Gita every day as well as all the entire Rg Veda in the course of every fortnight.
I have my fingers crossed, as well as my pedal phalanges, my eyes, and everything else that it’s possible to cross. The main reason is, of course, to piss off that Alien and send it away to an alternate universe. I’m tired. And I’m tired of being tired! It’s tiring being tired. But enough of that. I’m tired. Good night all! (It is still night somewhere….)
5 beets, scrubbed
Gemstones from stash
reform and change the way this country is administered. And I have no
Subway. McDonalds. Starbucks. Pizza Hut. Burger King. Dunkin’ Donuts. Wendy’s. Taco Bell. KFC. Domino’s Pizza.
I had so much fun making these paper bag tags and now I just want to recycle and use all of my future paper bags hehe.... I hope you enjoy them!!
But the last set of extras was successfully given away. Hopefully this next set will be too. I'm going to give my townhouse mates the first crack at it as I usually do. But if they still have too many greens in their fridge hopefully I'll find someone else that likes them. I've definitely hit over abundance.
"You're too addicted to that game," Jessica said. "It's not healthy."
Eight weeks, yes, eight weeks have already passed since the first time me and the boy spoke. We were betting on buying each other a drink if he'd able to guess which country I'm from. He lost and I got a tequilla shot.
Frederick John Cox, 27, New York, N.Y.
For example, in a spoken interaction it would be daft to assume that each speaker used the same degree of standard/non-standard language or to assume that a speaker was always being interactional rather than transactional, so the same is true to an extent for written texts: they may exhibit some features of one mode dimension at one point and then another aspect of that mode dimension at another point. A written text might start as a formal and transactional piece, but develop into something more informal and interactional. Look for shifts within texts, but also of course between them. Always provide evidence for your observations though, because you need to show the examiner that what you are saying is linked to actual examples of language in the texts, rather than vague generalities plucked from thin air.
The next two cards were for a Jelly Bean Scraps Challenge to use some Jigsaw Pieces we were sent on a card or cards the first card I stamped the pieces and the second I used them as a sort of mask and spritzed over them.
Whatever you do, don’t miss a tall glass of piping hot Russian tea, accompanied by a pot of thick cherry jam.
Marco loved Ella! He followed her around like this the whole time!
“Any problem on earth can be solved with the careful application of high explosives.” It’s from the movie “Valkyrie”. I don’t completely agree with the statement, but they were trying to assassinate Hitler, so I think they had a good point.
Obama asks for two years of service back to the country in exchange for college subsidies. Yes, he wants out of Iraq immediately (which I also question) but then wants to redouble efforts in Afghanistan and go after Al Qaeda. This isn’t your typical tax-and-spend Democrat peacenik. After 8 years of a Republican who never met a spending bill he couldn’t get behind, I’m not sure we’re going to be committing more federal funds.
Well...now that I've pissed you all off, let me take this opportunity to remind you that any comments left get screened first.
After all this is over with next Saturday night, try to come back here Saturday afternoon and we will be back with our "sneak peeks" if you can guess the challenge for next Sunday just from the sneak peeks, you could win a digi of choice from the store :)...
William then says he wants to throw a going-away party, and writes Lasher a $500 check. As Lasher is claiming the party will go down in "Hyde Park history," Jane comes in (unnoticed) and asks, "What party?"
I had the same impatient urge this time a year ago when I considered the 9 month wait between episodes.
She enjoyed all her gifts and made a lot of funny quips. Her humor hasn't left her, even though she often gets confused. For her birthday, she seemed fairly sharp which was good. By 2 PM, she was exhausted and had to be helped to bed for a nap.
Know the purpose of the relationship.
Her eyes flicked sideways, to Taslin, and she gave what might have been a hint of a cringe. "No... I mean, we need to work out what's happened."
Photography is art, and the word art is short for articulation -- the act of giving utterance or expression. Art is something we create and whether it is drawing, singing, dancing, painting or photography, it is our personal expression to the world.
Today, I would like to show you how to make some easy and useful topiary for indoor and table decorations.
LÄPPLE: Let’s remember that during the whole period of the war there had been no priestly ordinations. There was a great deal of work to do in the dioceses and parishes. One heard it said: first let’s think of pastoral work, then we’ll think about theology and scholarship. The bishops weren’t pleased when anybody asked to dedicate themselves to doing scholarly theology. But in Germany there is a law whereby if a professor is invited by a state university to teach theology, his bishop cannot veto the
Aspartame (NutraSweet, Equal), saccharin (Sweet’N Low, SugarTwin), and sucralose (Splenda) may be even harder on our metabolic systems than plain old sugar. These supposedly diet-friendly sweeteners may actually be doing more harm than good! Studies suggest that artificial sweeteners trick the brain into forgetting that sweetness means extra calories, making people more likely to keep eating sweet treats without abandon. Nip it in the bud. Scan ingredient labels and ban all artificial sweeteners from entering your mouth.
The Tea Party insurgency will not only cost Democrats dozens of seats in Congress, and likely their majority — it will define the coming GOP presidential nominating process, determine the direction of the GOP for years to come and threaten any remaining plans Obama has for sweeping reforms of education, energy policy or our immigration system. Last March, Republicans joined Democrats in calling on Sen. Jim Bunning (R-Ky.) to end his filibuster against the extension of unemployment benefits paid for by deficit spending, embarrassed he was blocking aid to the jobless. But it took just three months for the grassroots pressure to reach the Capitol — Bunning was a Tea Party hero. By the time the $30 billion expired on June 2, Senate Republicans had united behind a nearly two-month filibuster of the next round of $34 billion in “emergency spending” for unemployment insurance. They were joined by Sen. Ben Nelson (D-Neb.), and some House Democrats warned their own leaders at the time that the days of votes on “emergency spending” would soon have to come to an end. …The Tea Party candidates themselves — like O’Donnell, whom Karl Rove called “nutty,” — matter little. Only a few will actually get elected this fall. Yet the Tea Party has won without them. There are no tea leaves left to read. Democrats have been spooked and Republicans threatened, cajoled or cleansed. The results are already in.
SML—Maybe the hair was standing up not because he was scared but from the static electricity.
An investigation into the incident has commenced and police suspect the animal may have been attacked by a person or number of people.
When you walk through the fire of oppression,
6 For this reason let all godly people pray to you
09. Lovin´ Every Minute Of It
Add jetty util to your dependencies (in BuildConfig.groovy)
Fuller Smith & Turner PLC Fuller's ESB
In this note, I will supplement those notes by citing what Theos Sophia or divine wisdom said about them. Too many words said as a matter of fact. From the beginnings of the release of divine wisdom to the open public (see mahatmas’ letters) to the writing and release of the Secret Doctrine, the magnum opus on the wisdom, so many discourses on the Dark Chohans and the dugpas were elucidated.
I read this quote after my competitive rowing career had finished. Maybe I would not have understood it had I seen it when I was rowing anyway. Looking back on my days as an elite athlete, I think of how differently I would have approached many situations.
I have attached photographs of the beach where I stayed and the ferry terminal on the island.
So whether they've been a friend for 20 minutes or 20+ years,
Check with friends...if they have a forum they enjoy, maybe you will enjoy it as well!
It is ANZAC Day today. Our ANZAC Day ceremony at school was really good yesterday. The Senior Choir sang BEAUTIFULLY! Watching the videos, listening to the music, laying the wreaths and listening to current and ex-servicemen really brought it home to my littlies. Some Year 2s read a poem extremely well - they were getting compliments from everyone! My class was very solemn throughout - except for one who thought his shoes were WAY more interesting than what anyone else had to say....
As little-‘D’ democrats, we audience-folk sympathize more with the enraged workers than the lust-crazed socialites, but Metropolis doesn’t really take a side. Grot, the burly foreman who might have made a good mediator himself, calls the rioters fools for destroying the machine he maintains—the ‘Heart Machine’—because doing so will swamp their own workers’ city, and their children with it. No one hears him. Soon the machine is destroyed; the waters begin to rise around the workers’ drab apartment blocks, and lights of the spectacular world above wink out. Atop the very tallest tower, in the dark, it finally dawns on Joh Fredersen that his plan has gone awry, and his son’s life is threatened. “Tomorrow thousands will ask in fury and desperation: Joh Fredersen, where is my son—!” declares the Thin Man. And below, the workers, now dancing hand-locked circles around the ruins of Moloch, finally hear Grot’s message. They wail in grief, then congeal into a vengeful mob. Suddenly everyone, everywhere, gets it.
I just slipped home from spending the night at the home of my slightly over-whelmed daughter. She recently gave birth to her third baby-- a dark-haired, dark-eyed charmer named Wesley, who arrived slightly three years after the the births of his two "older" siblings, thus the reason she is slightly overwhelmed. Some people cast troubled glances at her as if she didn't understand how this phenomenon occurred. She knows. She just has a precarious health issue, and God knew her family should come quickly while she was enjoying great health.
"Karla was never confident like her older sister Beth. Karla was awkward. Shy. She felt out of place. Of the two, Beth was clearly the leader. And yet, for years, it was Karla we all followed. Every hair-raising step of her inadvertent journey, through bipolar disorder and addiction, carried her, and us along with her, like a balloon on the wind, rudderless from whim to whim, leaving collateral damage in her wake. And yet, with all the damage, the seeming disarray, there was always always a gift. Courage found at the last minute, when it was needed most. Resourcefulness against all odds. Steadfastness. And the journeys we took through the years. The stories. The adventures. The fury, the frustration. They call to mind Romans 5: "But we also glory in our sufferings, because we know that suffering produces perseverance; from perseverance, character; and from character hope. And hope does not disappoint."
We know when the truth
3 celery ribs, sliced
Education and awareness are very powerful tools in the fight against sexual violence. Everyone who purchases a sticker, wears jeans proudly and speaks out on Denim Day plays an integral role in helping to keep themselves and others safe.
I know I'm not a hopeless case
He has caused controversy when asked about welfare this month in Iowa, when unprompted he said “I don’t want to make black people’s lives better by giving them somebody else’s money. I want to give them the opportunity to go out and earn their money, and provide for themselves and their families.” Now only 9% of people on food stamps in Iowa are black and 84% are white. This has led to allegations of racism, particularly as he did not say anything about not giving white people money. It also ignores the fact that nationally there are more white people than black people receiving food stamps and 30 per cent have a job. According to Santorum the biggest cause of poverty in America is the breakup of the family.
cute she was I knew she was coming home with us.
Or does anybody even know she’s going down today?
1/4 teaspoon sugar
While they were still incredulous for joy and were amazed, he asked them, “Have you anything here to eat?”
For years I saved a bar of Pears soap sent to me by my mother one Christmas. She sent a few bars but I used the others, saving this last one for a special time. September 2011 blasted my brain, eroding trust in all relationships in my life from friends to family to people I had known since I was 19 years old. My skin reacted, as it did once when I was with a sister when the skin of bare forearms touched a shopping cart, if I remember correctly. I immediately broke out in hives and my sister couldn’t believe the reaction spreading up my arms from the wrist area. “I wouldn’t have believed it if I hadn’t seen it myself,” she said.
In a separate bowl, beat the eggs into the melted butter.
Dear EFS-Web Users:
To know how to set goals and accomplish them.
So how does one go about choosing the most appropriate doctrine for their new faux-religion?
We were at a beautiful place for the sunset on Saturday. We were high up over Seattle looking way down on the other tall buildings. We were all dressed up and enjoying the view. It's nice to be accustomed to getting dressed up now. Alan wore his summer jacket, and I got into some black lace. Earlier, we had washed off the Benz, so that it would look pretty for a twilight spin to the city. O.K. well, Alan washed it off.
I don't know how long these children will be in our home. I don't know if Jerome will be given his next breath. I don't know if I will step foot on another plane to Africa to see the orphans I love so much. I don't know, I don't know, I don't know.
I’ve also heard that you have to continue filing tax returns for ten years after giving up your citizenship.
about glassware and collecting it.
I have another friend that was starting to become a very good friend, but that friendship is stagnating. She started dating a man that we both know. He is a good man, but I don't want to be a third wheel and they are constantly together.
Finally, I assembled all of the pieces of my framed art and added some hemp for the banner to "hang" from and some ricrac along the bottom.
I've been busy putting together the programme for Louth county, on behalf of the Louth Arts Services (and Poetry Ireland, too) since the mid-summer and it's a real cracker this year.
There's an interesting link in this morning's Brownstoner (courtesy of a New York Post story) about crime rates in Brooklyn for the first half of 2007. Murder rates in the Brooklyn North borough command area are up 34 percent, with a chunk of that coming in places like Bushwick; even in the tonier areas of BN (i.e. Brooklyn Heights), robbery, assault, and grand larceny have spiked. Brooklyn South, which includes PLG, has seen an overall decline.
'No. But that's also a good guess. It shows me you know the Romans had graffiti in ancient times. Just as they still do today.'
We had issues with the chickens eating their eggs at first, yikes! I asked folks over on TBUH and decided to take the advice of putting fake eggs in the nesting boxes, and it worked thank goodness.
Princess Clara, one Friday during errands. Eating lunch at the carwash
God is good all the time. Let's celebrate!!
~Icewolf and characters
MCArthur MA, Simor AE, Campbell B, McGeer A. Influenza vaccination in long-term-care facilities: structuring programs for success. Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol 1999; 20: 499-503.
encroaches on some matters that these nice Globalists are hell-bent on
Read-alike Versus Battles - This idea will shake up the bracket system used in previous years. Instead, books will be nominated in read-alike pairs. Vampire Academy VS. House of Night, Hush Hush VS. Fallen, etc. You pick two very similar books to battle it out to see which is the best of the pair. One winner will be declared for each pair, so for this battle no ultimate winner will be chosen.
9. I really would rather like a banjo, and I'm not quite sure why.
1 here's
I asked "Out of everything you have written, what was your favorite?"
I have daffodils (in a vase, not to eat. Like I say, Tom isn’t here this year), and French toast with fresh strawberries and blueberries, plus orange juice and coffee in a cafetiere.
Chorus (35)
A week ago we mentioned the Kickstarter campaign that Glasgow's Team Girl Comic collective were running to finance the publication of TGC issue 5 and possibly reprint some of their sold-out back issues. It has been the most viewed blog piece on downthetubes over the last week even if the Kickstarter video, featuring TGC editor Gillian Hatcher and issue 5 cover artist Coleen Campbell, was incompatible with our Blogspot format. Our thanks to Gillian for pointing us towards the YouTube version.
Southern Baptist pastor Jerry Falwell (died in 2007) may have been the first leader to recognize the potential for linking dispensational Christianity with Zionism and harness its combined power into a political movement with loyalty to the state of Israel as its primary and passionate mission. In the early 1980s, Falwell called his fledgling army “The Moral Majority.” It was later referred to as the “Christian Right.” Today the millions of people who have made the present state of Israel the centerpiece of their Christian religion have been given the name “Christian Zionists.” (3)
The stitches go through half the thickness of the outsole then come up through the uppers. The insole is pasted in around the front, but stitched to the heel cover in back. Those tapered edges are trimmed and pushed up to blend into the upper latter.
I was blessed with one of those enjoyably busy days today, but as a result this blog has not seen much action. When I got time to myself I started reading the book of Numbers… I thought I better get a few more big books out of the way.
West Yorkshire brewery Saltaire scooped three awards at the Society of Independent Brewers (SIBA) National Beer Competition 2010.
Joking around with Michael Jackson one day about a talking Gecko lizard, inspired by the character name Gordon Gekko. He asked me what it would sound like and decided it would have an Australian accent. This was later changed to a cockney accent. He asked me what I would name the company and I started repeating…Geico the Gecko. The mascot lizard would be named “Martin” for Charlie Sheen’s dad.
Aloha Crafters and Friends,
This weekend’s full Moon will appear as such because it will actually be closer to the Earth. Astronomers refer to this event as a perigee moon.
BUT! Firstly I have to read and absolutely ginormous number of titles before I go on holiday mid-June (yes I know that's in three and a half weeks - eek! But I have been reading for weeks; it took rather a long time for the judges to be announced). Worse, for me is that my hands are tied when it comes to blogging about individual YA titles if they are on the list submitted by publishers.
964 D-IV/10/1987. “On the Platonism of Aristotle.” Panel on Plato and Aristotle, Annual Meeting, Midwest Political Science Association, Chicago, Illinois.
'Tolson.' Bartleby enigmatic as ever. Mac screwed up his brain to squeeze out the connection.
Hectic schedules, high levels of stress, a growing dependence on nutrient-deficient processed and fast foods, artificial food additives and preservatives, sedentary lifestyles, alcohol consumption, smoking, recreational and prescription drug use, thousands of toxic chemicals in every day household and industrial products, environmental pollution, soil depletion - these are some of the common contributing factors to a general decline in people's health, producing conditions ranging from a vague feeling of malaise to more serious chronic and degenerative disease states. Ultimately, the body is burdened by toxic overload as it is not designed to cope with these hazards in the excessive quantity and frequency to which it has become exposed.
I picked up these papers recently (must check who they are by!!) - i thought they were lovely and "fresh", i added a few Prima flowers, heart button by Little Yellow Bicycle and Making Memories ribbon.
My personal study time has been spent in reading selections about what it means to be an educated person. I'm not too far into my book, but I've enjoyed being "in the company" of the wise men whose writings fill its page. The "big idea" that I've noticed the most as I read has been the notion that each person has a responsibility to become the best possible version of himself, and that each of us is expected to be successful in our personal and public lives. Mediocrity and giving up are just not options that anyone should ever entertain.
Another common rattie misunderstanding is the basic lack of nutritional food. You’re thinking of wild rats, running rampant through the back alley McDonald’s dumpsters, their red eyes filled with manic glee as they triumphantly emerge with moldy burger patties clenched between their giant, gnawing front teeth. PSHH. This is an absurdity. My rats eat more healthy food than Richard Simmons in his heyday. They value their dietary supplements and will never turn away from a nice serving of broccoli or carrots. They indulge perhaps once or twice a day in a sweet treat, but then it’s right back to wholesome grains and goodness! For your edification, I’ve posted some pictures of my rats’ keen interest in diet, exercise, and nutrition.
Jam Bands:
Introduction from procrastin8or: I’m taking a week off from my regular feature and turning the blog over to a much-valued blog buddy of mine. tmso, author of a writer’s blog under pseudonym nilaewhite and The Atheist’s Quill has been very kind in offering to complete the trio of mobile media posts with this list of apps for Apple products (iphone, ipad etc). I hope you find them useful
Dear creationists, trust me, scientists do know what the hell's going on with the world. They kind of do this for a living. And just for the record, mind you assholes that I also believe in lots of things such as ghosts and stuff, but I'm a skeptic also and if science can explain it I tend to stick to it because....you know....science worked until now.
I’ve gone on and on about acting but I’m going to go on a bit more. A month ago, we organized an acting workshop in the theatre group that I’m in. It was supposed to be about comedy but we concentrated more on bodylanguage, expression and how you can express something in a very small and delicate way or make it big and noticeable.
I checked out the painfully long comments page on the World Nomads website which helped fill in the gaps, and others had questions on whether the essay could be posted to your blog. Turns out it can! Here is the final product of my labour, along with the personal essay on how cool I am and why I should win. Enjoy, and wish me luck!
a company researching synthetic hormones that encourage neuron regeneration in the central nervous system. Came up with hormone K.
I asked the Goddess Tarot one last question, a simple one, direct so it was easy to focus upon. Will America make me happy, will America still love me. I am of course thinking of him. It is a simple question, I am not asking too much of this simple phone application, am I?
Popped into the offices of advocat Stein & Stein Inc. today to see if I could set up a meeting. Got a business card and was told to give a call to the attorney on it.
Near the bridge is an ‘English Village’ which pays respect to our culture. It has Tudor style architecture, and the shops and restaurants create the atmosphere of old England, with tree-lined walkways and local breweries for hand-brewed ale. There is an English pub in San Francisco — but in England they are being replaced by continental café bars!
The winner was the Lychee, I usually hate lychee because it reminds me of gewurztraminer but this was nice and lightly fruity and tart. I hate to say it but the loser was the Bruin. Not my kind of brown and I wasn't a big fan of the dry-hopping. I'd love to try it without the hopalope.
I'm also practicing being more of a conscientious blogger/journal-er person. I have found a few of my old book journals from back before I met my husband... Some really fascinating stuff. Stuff that Id forgotten all about. Some I didn't really remember even after reading it! It was really fun reading (Not that I'm a writer mind you, it is the thoughts, ideas and threads of exploration that I tend to meander down that capture my imagination... and I realize I was not as "out of it" as I thought.) And let's face it, who doesn't like reading about themselves? But really, I just want to document some things along the way and most of it has to do with Harley.
Simon Nicol, Fairport's front man, said at the time that he'd been thinking about it but the point was lost on him.
With all thats been going on here lately we totally furgot a big event! Uncle puppy turned 2!!! Can you believe it? We sure can not. So pretend this is 3/1/12 and help us celebrate!!!
“Gentlemen,” he began, doing his best to avoid their sunken eyes. “I want to start by saying if there was any other way out of this situation, believe me, I would have chosen it. We’ve all gone well-above the call of duty in service of our country…our planet, and-”
Some know that I have my three little grandkidlets spending the whole summer with me here in Nova Scotia. They are veritable bundles of energy, with only two speeds..."Go nitro" (to quote the youngest) or stop! I'm having the most amazing time with these little guys...here are some pics (first one with their cousin) from our latest oceanside excursion:
Wants to share
In the psychiquazim past of Yuksom, Rinpoche’s wooden stick became the tree of life
The second one was brought in (my turn). She was calm. Haggard-looking. Started whining that it was the other girl who hit her first that her tooth became loose. She lifted her upper lip and started pushing the only 2 teeth remaining on the upper gum. One was swaying back and forth. I asked if she had a history of using illegal drugs. She admitted that she did. Heavily. I told the deputy that there were very minor scratches on her right wrist and left side of her nose. I wouldn’t consider the loose tooth as injury.
Naturalists get their kicks in interesting ways. Turns out the Nature Center staff was amusing themselves by blowing up the dry ice that comes in every shipment of rats for the raptors. Pete explained it all very matter-of-factly and I got the distinct impression it wasn't the first time the staff has enjoyed a late afternoon explosion.
worn
Now, I already have a billion favourite banana bread recipes, but of course I had the urge to try something new, something different. Let me tell you there are lots of variations on banana bread out there that look amazing. Peanut butter banana bread? That has my name written all over it. Lime coconut banana bread? Delicious! I will definitely be making those sometime soon since my banana pile doesn’t seem to be getting any smaller!
11 - Tex Ritter - Singing In The Saddle - 2:51
9) Ebony
I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to react to stimulus in a perfect programmed way exactly how I have accepted and allowed myself to program myself in the image and likeness of this world, a world of abuse, and thus exist as the perfect system robot through reacting to stimulus exactly how I am programmed to and making me so easily controllable to remain exactly in the image and likeness of the system of abuse and never go out of line and actually start to support life.
Staying in does not prevent renegotiation of the terms of membership, so option (iii) (if acted on by the government) merely adds a requirement to enter negotiations. What it cannot do is dictate the outcome of those negotiations because, by definition, negotiations only lead to a change if all parties to the discussion agree on a specific outcome. As I understand it an outcome in favour of option (iii) would not require the government to do anything, although it would be bad politics for them not to make at least a token gesture of trying to change the terms of EU membership. And even if they were constitutionally obliged to negotiate that would not guarantee any particular result.
Add the eggs and flour in two halves, beating well, until the mixture is light and fluffy.
There are a lot of things in life that probably technically matter which I don't often get done. But I feel pretty good about the choices I make thinking about the way my infant son already recognized me.
Houghton Mifflin
Easy-peasy.
never turned to see it was only your family.
Genuflex – Soul Love (Manimal Vinyl Records)
On the acura legend parts car new 2009 TSX loses 4 horses, 201 versus 205. However, the 1988 acura legend parts a package that includes one of the acura legend parts a Sequential SportShift mode and Grade Logic Control, allowing more dynamic ride, even at low speeds. The excellent handling of the 1987 acura legend parts and irritated after a few minutes, a soft female voice politely reminds me to do just that, and I comply...
Oh I forgot to put the pen in the photo, but there is one. I didn't have any RSVP pens which would have been my first choice. Luckily, I did find a brand spanking new pack of black Bic pens in my stash.
TO ROME WITH LOVE (June 22) – Woody Allen’s latest film takes place in yet another European country and stars Jesse Eisenberg, Alec Baldwin, Penelope Cruz and more in a series of different stories that take place in the city of Rome.
For initial clarification, Miike Snow is the collective name of the band and not one of the actual musicians on stage. The group started as an side project collaboration between two established Swedish producers and an American songwriter when they met between jobs. Their colorful, synth-laden songs on their eponymous 2010 debut album became a surprise hit and propelled the band to a lengthy, successful world tour right from the start of their existence. They just released their second album, Happy to You, last month, and Miike Snow is back on the road performing their highly danceable, rhythm heavy tunes, complemented by a remarkably visually engaging stage show.
But i digress, BBC Wales, ITV Wales and Western Mail have Business Editors that focus unsurprisingly on Business news rather than the wider economy, however we have been told BBC Wales is getting an economic correspondent and I welcome that others should follow suit.
They sent me a pair of circle lenses of my choice which was very kind of them. I figured this would be the best opportunity to try out some pink lenses. This time I picked out the Japan Barbie Eye Super Nudy (16 diameter)
While these do remind me of my childhood dress-up extravaganzas, I find these particular pieces very grown up and graceful. A more delicate and feminine way to add some color to your bridal ensemble or to compliment a retro garden theme, I can't imagine.
Thirty minutes earlier, in the study....
In the case of Paice LLC v. Toyota Motor Corporation, the E.D. Texas found that Toyota infringed Paice's patent. Since Ebay, permanent injunctions are no longer granted as a matter of course, and the district courts must use the four-factor test to determine a proper equitable remedy.
3. Roll It Over
I've got a few more things I'd like to write about, but, for right now, check out the video and tell me your thoughts.
When Hunter first started school in 2001, I kept school information in a file folder.
Just a real quick note to let my friends and followers know I have been out-of-town and out-of-state pretty much for the last 4 weeks. I even left my images and copics at home just for a little break and "down-time". I've missed some wonderful posting by fellow bloggers. There is no way to catch up on all the commenting on so many awesome creations. I apologize for not leaving comments even though I would sometimes grab a minute or two while away to check sites on my IPhone.
--the need for more affordable housing in Brooklyn
It is easy to think, when you start writing that you should describe your characters in detail as they arrive in the story for the first time. But why would you want to stop the story for a large wad of description, however beautiful it might be. It isn't a film, where the visual of the character often hits you before they utter a single word.
An ultra decked-out tree sits outside the house as well, brightly sparkling in Christmas cheer. The door is embossed with a plaid folder to somewhat mimic a carved wood design, while the frame is embossed with tiny dots for added texture. This entire base is the store from the Sweet Tooth Boxes cartridge, slightly altered to become a house. I cut off the bottom because Santa didn't leave cupcakes or treats as the Cricut cut is intended. Let's take a peek inside, shall we? Instead of sweets, Santa's gift is...
yin yang energy or chi
As we sink deeper into debt with the rest of the world, more of our productive assets such as dairy farms will be sold. Ironically, in seeking to own the expensive roofs over our heads we increase the risk of becoming tenants in our own country.
particular items or situations).
It's going to be a busy winter. I have my holiday concert on November 27th, and all the December harp events that I love, PLUS I'll be writing. Writing and writing and writing. I'm a little shy about sharing details of my story project, but maybe as it all forms and flows, I'll overcome my shyness and take you on part of the journey with me.
11. The Mojo - Crazy Midnight
I was going to name this post "Let's do it Again" but on second thought....I would rather not. I had a shitty night and day and it starts while I was making this card. Who knew that while I was happily creating a card similar to my 'Purple Valentine', that something sinister was happening behind my building. A dirty criminal smashed the window out of my car, stealing my beloved E-reader. I don't want sympathy, but I do want my loss to serve as a reminder. I normally don't leave my reader in my car but I left it yesterday knowing I was going out later and would need it. My parking spot is pretty secluded and I never though I would be a target of something like this. I have replaced my window, but I guess I will wait to replace my reader. Please let my misfortune serve as a lesson, dirty rotten, soulless swine, are everywhere, and don't care how good or nice of a person you are.
9) Do you agree with the advantages that he lists for the two types?
The latter pages of the book focus on the area’s institutions and neighborhood landmarks, such as BAM, Fort Greene Park and the Prison Ship Martyrs’ Monument, Wallabout Market, Pratt Institute, St. Joseph’s College, Brooklyn Technical High School, and even the Brooklyn Flea, a relatively recent addition to the neighborhood.
Welcome, and may God grant you wisdom and discernment as you consider all of these things.
Drain the broccoli & beans in a colander and then spread them out on a clean tea towel and leave to dry completely.
Brolinson, Per-Erik & Holger Larsen (1984) När rocken slog i Sverige. Svensk rockhistoria 1955-1965 (When rock hit Sweden. The history of Swedish rock 1955-65) Solna: Sweden Music.
Two-row (US) 2.000lb Grain 11.1%
You’re trying to be kind, baby it’s too late.
There’s a big difference between writing Teen fiction, and writing for teens.
For the Water Balloon Ice, we filled up small balloons up with water and froze them in my freezer. I didn't get the actual water balloons cause of their delicate nature to pop easily. Beware, they take up a lot of space in the freezer so make sure you have room.
That sounds way sick that you’re working on sustainability. it’s a good goal and it needs people to work on it. That’s cool that you found a way in through your current job to start working with it. I am really not sure what I am going to do after the mission. I have gotten kind of muddled here in the office. Too much time to think but maybe it was a good thing. Get all of my worrying out of the way. This is something I have been thinking about a lot. It started out by thinking about where I will apply after the mission. I started out thinking about the air force academy, now don’t worry I don’t think I’ll be applying there anytime soon. I emailed uncle Shane and Austin just to see what they thought. Austin as always was very optimistic, as he always is, but uncle Shane was a little more down to earth. He said the applications for the Academies (Air Force, Army, Navy) would be and I quote “painful”. Yet something he said hit me.he said the Coast guard academy he thought would be much more doable. The weird thing is I had been looking into that as well. I just wanted to keep you guys in the loop. I won’t have to worry about any applications until way later but just want to have a plan while I am here and can plan.
This nasty old thing is the rug that's been sitting under my dining room table for almost 5 years now. As you can see, it's positively DISGUSTING. It embarrasses me to no end. So what do I do when something embarasses me? Put it on the internet for the whole world to see, of course. Well, at least when it has a happy ending I do. I'll just take solice in the fact that I if I did a pop-in to your place right this second, I'm sure there would be something you would want to hide from me. Right? 'Fess up.
Here in Alaska, where wild salmon harvests are successfully managed, we don’t often worry about whether or not our salmon is wild caught–we assume it is. While there are a few farms in British Columbia that raise Pacific salmon, we can be assured that almost all Pacific salmon is wild caught.
Love-struck: (adjective) having a passionate or overwhelming feeling of love; smitten
So, getting back to the point. I was left with a mental journey I needed to go on to determine what appreciation was and how to give more of it;
Be gone from me, I can endure no more.
~As you prepare each ingredient, focus your energy on imbuing each with the energy of their desired purpose for your spell. Actually visualise the energy as a white, or appropriately colored light around the object. Then 'see' that light grow intensely bright, and then merge with the natural energy of the object. (This takes about 20-30 seconds for each.)
I have made 19 hats and 14 scarves, along with 3 pair of mittens from this yarn so far. (The low mitten total was because I needed to get some new needles. I had warn down my wooden double points that I had been using.
My vacation in St. Thomas was so excellent that I will have to break it into several blogs. St. Thomas is not known for its' diving, I realize that. I feel as if that reputation is undeserved. I saw many healthy corals, and thousands of juvenile fish. I love that macro stuff, and there was much of it. I saw several fish that I had not seen before,including a Redlipped Blenny and a Juvenile Dusky Damselfish. The Damselfish couldn't have been more that an inch long, but it was a little orange and indigo gem. I am starting a painting of him today, hope to have it available on my web shop soon.
September 1 Buffalo Athens $45 each
Then I realize, I wouldn't be happy doing that. I can't sit and be emotional and spiritual in front of my children. I have to be matter of fact, open and honest but matter of fact. Logical and straight from the hip. I also want my me time, which, I guess, for me, is to spend some time on the computer web surfing. I surf for information, often reading news articles and Wikipedia, for questions that come up. I relax by watching goofy SyFy shows and just letting my brain turn to mush. I don't want to spend every waking minute with my kids, I want them to find ways to entertain themselves. Maybe they need to see me doing more reading, like when I lost an hour just reading about Maui and suddenly realized I should shower and work on lunch.
This week there was some discussion of the ‘Writer Vs Planner’ approach to writing. Some people are writers, in that they just sit down and spill out their thoughts without any structural notes or plans, and let the story and characters form organically. Others are planners, those who methodically make notes and lists and charts about plot and characters and locations etc, so that it’s all laid out before them before they commit pen to paper for chapter one. The group seemed to have a slightly higher proportion of planners from what I could tell.
You can read the reviews there, and if after reading the reviews the reviewers have not convinced you to buy the book, I am going to demand that all the money I paid to those sons of bitches be returned.
Now’s concert crunch time. This year I’ve been remarkably calm. Perhaps the big, creative push of the fall and winter producing my video and my new recording have upped my adrenaline to a nice cruising altitude. Maybe it’s experience — having done this so many years in a row, I have things down to a science. I like to think we’ve settled into a Band nicely, and now music can just continue to flow.
The Lord will keep your going out and your coming in from this time forth and forevermore."
Yes, there have been protests, and the occasional voice raised in opposition. Osborne, most notably, together with the International Alliance for Women in Music, has led a long and valiant effort to bring attention to the situation.
Your book sales are made with the sophisticated marketing capabilities of my bestseller. You get your own shop, you can tie your fans, write blogs. We make widgets for you that you press a button on your social community sites like MySpace and Facebook, can post. Send press releases done in a jiffy, you can order your personalized promotional items, send newsletters. The right online audience reach, including niche sites related to the topic of your book, do through our affiliate marketing module.
So….I signed up for both a New Year’s Eve 4 mile race and a New Year’s Day 5k race earlier this week.
It has come to our attention that this website contains a number of comments about individual UKBA staff members (notably Mr Ian Sked) which are of an extremely aggressive and personal nature.
Add this to your email signature: Recipient, 2010 Hope Award for ______ from RESOLVE: The National Infertility Association. Consider how many emails you send daily and you’ll be impressed by the impact this simple act can produce.
Matthew 24:5-7 Many shall come in My name, saying, I am Christ; and shall deceive many. And ye shall hear of wars and rumours of wars: see that ye be not troubled: for all these things must come to pass, but the end is not yet. For nation shall rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom: and there shall be famines, and pestilences, and earthquakes, in divers places.
All he wanted was a few days off in Athens. On the heels of several difficult weeks teaching in the coastal cities of northern Greece, the man we’ve all come to know as St. Paul was strongly encouraged, nay, hastily sent on vacation. You see, Paul had stirred up several angry mobs because of the message he proclaimed, and Silas and Timothy decided to stay behind and extend some diplomacy.
What was used:
And watched them.
Brayden's teacher commented on how energetic he was ;) He is definitely an on-the-go guy. Every time I ask him if he had a good day at school, he just smiles so I think it was a happy day for him.
(until May 3rd, EST) to leave a comment or email me. My trunk show, however, will be open for three weeks, that way if you don’t win but still must have the Calliah Necklace, or some other stunning jewelry, you will have plenty of time to make a purchase. To visit my trunk show, click here to shop, and at checkout enter “Ashley White” as your hostess at the end of the order. Good luck to everyone and happy shopping!
Early in the week, Embudito Canyon turned up a couple of birds that have shown up recently, including a Rufous-crowned Sparrow
The main problem though is that the most affordable model is very, very expensive compared to say a netbook and the money for it is coming out of our pockets, not the House of Commons or the MP's.
Back at the hotel, my brother took about ten seconds to figure out how to work the TV, and about ten minutes to figure out that everything’s in Spanish. Who would have thought? Maybe he’s learning something. Now we’re watching The Lightning Thief in Spanish. It is the single most epic thing I have ever seen.
Maybe it is because this generation practice games were the victory depends a lot on tricking your opponent into conceding things you know will hurt them in order to benefit yourself and they call it negotiations.
There are two great things about that. First, when an officer comes to court to testify against you, he gets paid between $200-$300 extra. When he has to respond to a TWD request, he doesn't get paid anything extra. And since the last thing any officer wants is more paperwork, a high percentage of times they just blow it off entirely.
12. 3 row window seat left side
Eryana writes:
On the way back to the sister's home we noticed this lawn covered in tiny flowers.
Well the trend for Tiffany has finally abated. And in its place is a new school of colour thought. One inspired by the House of Hermés. Yes, that's right. We are all heading towards an Orange Horizon.
Danni dice:
Warm Welcome Nut Browned Ale
decorations: mini popcorn bag cakes, ticket stubs, sugar flowers, etc
Now for this weeks challenge, chosen by me, Mindy. I'm sure you all wont be surprised what I've chosen. I want to see Pink, Purple and Pearls on your creations! I just love the girly stuff!
Here’s why: Anything you offer in the world, must live within yourself first. Otherwise you cannot give to the ‘outer’. You might think you can but then its based on a need for yourself. A need that you subconsciously feel the ‘outer’ should fulfill through your own expectation. At the end, you will be the disappointed one.
Amplified by the cracks in the tile, my feet would be shocked by the change from gentle carpet to hollow tile in the foyer, racing through the house against the ghost of a brother, never winning, never losing.
Any how,Our Prime Minister disobey court order….this is not important(for Government)The important and interesting part of the story is,the Supreme court of Pakistan gave punishment to Our Prime Minister……The punishment was over after…….
AJ stayed home with a stuffy nose today, so I only had to make one bento. Ryan noticed the difference, saying "you make nicer lunches when you only have to make one! I like it when my lunch looks like an actual place." It's true...it's much easier to make just one bento.
Get on the download!
Level 12: MP Cost: 17, Attacks up to 4 enemies 3 times, Damage: 214%, 6% chance to stun the enemy for 3 seconds.
I wanted to tell her, that she could make it, but she needed to open her eyes, ears and senses.
Such natural grace; something pure of will.
After exploring Machu Picchu we headed down the mountain, had lunch in Aguas Calientes and enjoyed one or ten beers with the group before heading back to Cusco on the train. We were there for another day, then headed to Lima for our flight to Columbia. We are now in Bogota, where we are not having so much luck with the weather (there are constant torrential downpours), but we are enjoying the partying!
I took this picture of workmen's shoes airing on a window sill sometime back in the early summer. No big deal. I do the same thing when my kids come home with sneakers that are particularly ripe or wet.
Grad video meeting Tuesday after school until 4:30pm.
We are back where we were the first time Austin finished cancer treatment, when we assumed his kidney would keep chugging along until puberty when rapid growth and muscle development would put such stress on the little organ that it would stop working and finally need to be replaced. That scenario was thrown completely out the window during his relapse, as the kidney seemed to plunge deeper and deeper into distress, caused by the relentless onslaught of surgery, radiation and chemo. A year ago, we were hoping for a kidney that would work for weeks and months, not years and years.
Have I discussed these flaws aloud?
Here’s the first — and to me a shocker. Home care workers* are, at this point, exempt from federal minimum wage and overtime requirements.
That is one reason I am grateful for my lack of medical access. It is possible that if I were on the right insurance, I'd be encouraged, or even required, to get any number of tests.
Dr Kayser Enneking, head of the U of F department and Dr Carolina Haylock-Loor, president of the Sociedad Hondurea de Anestesiologia, Reanimacion y Dolor (SHARD) met at the WCA this week for the first time. In an English and Spanish medley, we put plans in motion for a training workshop later this year.
Cavemen. They didn't have toilets, so I'm guessing they just took a dump wherever they wanted. No issue.
NEXT UP: The Bride of Frankenstein (1935)
I’m going to do this by showing how the ranking relations distinctive of value concepts that can’t straightforwardly be understood as types of correctness can be understood in terms of the structure of practical reasoning, which is itself understood principally in deontic terms, and thus in terms of correctness. All of this is implicit in Brandom’s account of practical reasoning, which I endorse. I’ve explained some of this before (in section 4 of this post, though it’s not completely accurate), but I’ll rehearse it again in order to introduce the relevant features of the account. The important thing to understand is the difference Brandom introduces between theoretical (or doxastic) and practical commitments, which, intuitively speaking, is the same as that between the ordinary notions of belief and intention: in undertaking the former one takes a proposition to be true (e.g., that expressed by the claim ‘Pete has climbed Everest’), whereas in the latter one undertakes a responsibility to make a proposition true (e.g., the practical commitment ‘I shall climb Everest’ makes me responsible for making the former proposition true). This intuitive characterisation isn’t quite adequate, as Brandom thinks the the notion of truth plays no substantial explanatory role, but it will suffice for now.
We all have unfulfilled desires. Many spiritual environments become a feeding ground for these, where practitioners may be wearing flowing clothes and chanting prayers, but feeling inwardly tied in knots. Wanting is insidious and we must be aware of it - whether we are in the office, following our creative voice, practicing bendy poses on our yoga mats, or exploring sexuality in our bedrooms.
The Studio 490/Wendy Vecchi stamps that I've used are,
The victory of the Lamb and his followers
Last Friday, he called me at work to vent a little bit. He was a little frustrated at his new boss. Even though he accepted his RA position in February, his boss waited until last Friday to tell him that he needed to turn in his payroll documents the following Monday. In order for him to turn in his payroll documents, he needed to have his orginal social security card. Unfortunately, my fiance’s social security card was at his parents’ house, which was an hour and a half away. He could have gone home over the weekend to pick it up and visit his family, but he had three final exams on Monday and two on Tuesday. So, he called his parents to ask them to overnight his social security card and offered to pay them back. Overall, he spent $5 on postage. He checked the mail on Saturday; no social security card. He checked again on Monday and Tuesday, still no card. At this point it looks like it is lost in the mail. He made a few mistakes to save a little bit of money:
Populating their wooded cabin with veritable unknowns led by Kristen Connolly as the wouldbe final girl (the relatively untested soap opera actress more than holds her own in the role), the aforementioned Mr. Kranz (indeed a performance that could be used in any legalize pot ad) and bohunk Aussie Chris Hemsworth (during the nearly two year post-production hiatus this film suffered due to MGM's financial woes, then unknown Hemsworth has become the Mighty Thor and is these days basking in the glow of it-boy status) and popping in a few relative names (Bradley Whitford, Richard Jenkins, Sigourney Weaver), Whedon and Goddard have created a sturm und drang of cinema that does for the horror genre what Todd Haynes' equally audacious, cut and paste I'm Not There did for the biopic. I do not think I am being presumptuous in calling this the best American film of the year so far, and a sure bet for my eventual Best of the Year list. I do not think I would be wrong in calling this puzzle-cum-mindfuck of a motion picture, the most batshitcrazy of the year as well - even if many horror fans will not get or like it. In the end, when the gauntlet is almost literally thrown down, all we can do is wonder what could possibly follow this inevitable moment zero in the horror genre. I know that I for one am both frightened and titillated by the possibilities.
Recently I have been rereading Ascii Dreams a blog by the creator of Unangband and I ended up thinking quite a bit about some of what I read. As it pertains to this post I was thinking on what I had read in This article which is part 6 of 9 on how Unangband's dungeon is generated. Particularly I was interested in the idea of complex dungeon features being achieved by simple self contained states. An example from the post is that there is regular Water which when hit by something that can hurt water causes it to transition to another state, the crest of a way. The crest in turn hurts all adjacent water tiles and transitions into a wave then next turn into rough water which does nothing except transition into Water. combining this all together and you get dynamic waves that don't need to store any kind of information past what they are. While not that realistic of a water system it does a good enough job without all the hassle of trying to figure out stuff like how to combine flows and water pressure.
Streusel topping
This little sweetheart seems to be taking up lots of my time! I found that she is just impossible to put down! Seriously, I could just sit and hold her all day everyday!
'Smath
Me: And I know that, I can see that everyday if I look hard enough. Just pop onto Google and look at the amazing stories and pictures people share. But in fantasy, all impossible things are possible. Nothing is unimaginable.
If this is how GOP writers and their standard-bearer plan on contesting the election, “Obama” won’t need to steal it; he’ll win cleanly in a cakewalk.
Look out for more One Word Web Addresses coming soon.
DOUG HOLDER is the founder of the Ibbetson Street Press. He teaches writing at Endicott College in Beverly, MA and Bunker Hill Community College in Boston. His own poetry and prose have been in such journals as Rattle, Main Street Review, Houston Literary Review, Poesy, The Boston Globe, and many others. Holder is the Arts Editor of The Somerville News, and curator of the Newton Free Library Poetry Series. He holds an MA in Literature from Harvard University. One of his latest collections of poetry is "The Man in the Booth in the Midtown Tunnel" (Cervena Barva Press.)
87. Wanted someone but could never have them? - Actually, I've been very lucky that way. I've only ever really wanted three people. Boyfriend number one. Boyfriend number two. And my husband.
use in a family-oriented publication. But they
Mint Sprig, for garnish and flavor
6) What are the historical lessons of the New Deal employment programs in the United States and similar historic or contemporary programs and policies in other countries?
The Media Kidocracy Konference aims to establish critical awareness and understandings amongst young people by exposing youth to information and experiences that will enable them to identify issues they feel are relevant as well as explore the role of the media in creating an understanding of the social issue.
One day at a time, right?
*Bullous Ichthyosiform Erythroderma, in case you're wondering. (And no, she won't grow out of it. That's often the next question!)
It focuses on companies which have at least some of their executive board members based in the region, so whilst some of them are headquartered elsewhere in the world, you know that at least some of the major decision making is taking place within reach of Manchester.
Cash – $54.20
My epigraph I think. I'll have to write and ask his permission.
Once everything was mixed together, I baked the cake, chopped and toasted the macadamia nuts and prepared the topping, which I ended up doubling. A few online reviewers suggested doing so, and even though a move like that meant more calories, I followed suite. Hey, isn't breakfast supposed to be the biggest, most satisfying meal of the day? And I've yet to meet the man who doesn't consider butter, brown sugar and coconut to be satisfying.
The #CTWW Gang are those folks who share our challenges on twitter using the hashtag #CTWW. If you're a Twitter member, I highly recommend following them ... they have a lot of great things to say. Let's meet them:
6 sided perfection
Getting Started: To get started as a guerilla marketer, you first need to take your creativity and passion about your product or service up a notch or two. Finding multiple ways to get your message about your product or service out to potential clients is your path to success. Reading any one of Levinson’s books will give you a solid grounding in his techniques. However, this practice is more about mindset, energy and creativity than it is about a pre-defined, inflexible marketing methodology.
From Horizons United States History, published by Harcourt, page 600 in Unit 7:
If you're unlucky enough to get an offer from Dodgy Publisher (and just about anyone who submits does), the contract reveals that the 50% isn't quite what you may have expected. It's actually 50% of what's left over after printing costs have been deducted from "the sale price."
and they folded one on top of the other,
to live , to survive, to hold on.
Whenever they say ‘Czechoslovakia’, I would comment, “But they are two countries already!”
These muffins are perfect for breakfast or snacks on the go. They're moist, sweet, and dense with a golden crust. We had these everyday for breakfast this week, and had enough to send one for the school bus driver each day. I liked how long they lasted in the cookie jar, as my Banana Oat Mini Muffins need to be eaten within a few short days.
Sort of like Mean Girl's Mean.
Fixed down with about 250 clout-head galvanised nails.
Suuuuuuuuuuuuuch a painful end to a game. We did try to figure out if we had any chance of making it had I killed the centurion though, and it looked like we still would’ve lost, so that’s a bit of a consolation.
Most whiskey is distilled twice, three times at most. Vodka is often distilled many more times, and Clix vodka is distilled 159 times! More distillations has to be better, doesn't it? At $300 it's certainly more expensive than any of Buffalo Trace's whiskeys, and hopefully, it will stay that way. Now keep in mind that I don't drink vodka and don't really like it, but then again, who does?
The Staff is fronted by a very energetic female led vocalist by the name of Mary Ella, who is pictured on the front jacket. The Staff comprised of six members and came out of France…. This Out Of Bounds album provides fast paced electro new wave arrangements with some songs having edgy guitar riffs and a more intense vocal treatment. This is quite a fun listening experience in its totality, especially if you gravitate to the female new wave fronted bands….I believe they produced a video for “Goody Goody Bye Bye”, but I can’t find it…This vinyl should be available in the marketplace for modest prices. Out of print pressing.
so here is my list:
The train sound that resembles the rushing noise of a distant train could be ocean currents.
He gave and suffered more than most…
Ratner proposed a development that would have high-rise towers built by union labor. The promised quantity of jobs and amount of housing won him support from unions, advocacy organizations, and elected officials.
How has being published changed your life?
Unfortunately, not all scones are created equal. In fact, some scones are downright dry and flavorless or heavy and overly iced. So you can imagine the wave of disappointment I experience when the scone I've been saving stinks.
Some Odd Girl is offering all Stamp Something readers a 30% off coupon code. This offer is good from June 4th through the 18th. Please use the code SS30.
no justice in the justice system
Women of the world, we are clearly missing a trick! If, like me it annoys the crap out of you when you are asked to carry other people stuff in your handbag, buy a bum bag! Or better still; buy your boyfriend/husband/man- friend a bumbag all of their own.
Set aside eggs in medium mixing bowl. First, get or mise en place together. Give the mushrooms a good rinse, but be careful since mushrooms suck up a lot of water. Place them on a paper towel and rinse the parsley and peel onion. You’ll need a frying pan, or regular skillet. (Depending how much you’re making)
Saris is actually reimbursing any employee who pays the $25 entry fee for the event. Just another perk of working in the bike industry! Saris is a HUGE supporter of the Boys & Girls club here in Dane County, so I’m really proud to be riding on their team.
Do I know the person of Jesus?
Night owl, or early bird?
We had a great morning opening gifts at my mom's and enjoyed a fantastic breakfast of bacon, eggs, and homemade cinnamon rolls. The kids were in heaven! Thankfully, in the midst of all the house and plumbing craziness, I was able to get all my Christmas food prepped at mom's and ready to take to Jason's parents for the big meal later in the day.
In addition to maintaining her GlutenFreeBaking website, giving GF cooking classes and demonstrations, and writing a weekly Gluten Free Tuesday column at Serious Eats, Elizabeth has been working on her second cookbook, "How to Cook Gluten-Free: Over 150 Recipes That Really Work", (Lake Isle Press, $27.95) which will be published later this month. Elizabeth sent me an email to ask if I'd join some other bloggers in a Cook Along event featuring several of the recipes from this new book and my immediate response was a high-pitched yipping that startled my sweet Martha dog awake from her guard position snoozing at my feet.
What is clear is that third is the only guarantee of entering the Champions League next season; the squad and manager have spoken frequently that this is their target, how their destiny is in their own hands so now is the time to prove it. Nobody said it would be easy and true to Arsenal traditions, they are going about achieving their targets the hard way.
Something that you’re not even sure is real, but is enough to make you want to scream ENOUGH.
Boys ask “extra rice” while girls have left-over on their plates. This is not true in all cases. This is not a gender issue but I can attest on this. Reality check: Please observe.
Marston’s Oyster Stout – UK – 4.5% ABV
“I feel sad that he left because of differences over Bersih,” he said. “After all Tunku joined DAP because we offered a platform to promote integrity and fight corruption.”
I spent 32 years as a male being called "Faggot" by my own uncles - with a voice that I could never even ONCE pass as a male on the phone. This made it extremely difficult to conduct business, like banking, because no one ever believed I was a male named Ted, even when I tried. I was beat up and made fun of at school constantly - I was nicknamed Tinker bell in high school, and teased. I went to school every day in fear of going to the bath room because the boys singled me out as weak, and an easy mark. I always wore my gym clothes under my regular clothes because I didn't get pubic hair until I was age 19. And even then, it was minimal. I felt alone and feared talking to my parents about any of this... My father was dealing with his own addictions at the time, prostrate cancer, a troubled marriage, and a daughter that just came out of the closet as gay. The last thing i wanted to do was add to their pile. How could I...?
one more flower's scent
Hearing the words "head for the mountains" brings back awkward college memories of swilling cheap Busch beer in college back in the 80's. Thankfully in our more enlightened times, heading for California's Sierra Mountains won't lead you to a skunky brew, but the fine beers of Mammoth Brewing.
Looking on Google maps later on, it is clear. The future arrived in the shape of new apartment blocks. Efficient square blocks, with neat apartments tightly arranged around a central core, not a square metre wasted. They work to their own square and fair logic, and do not yield to the existing irregular pattern of streets and buildings.
Does this make sense to anyone else? Am I just talking out of my ass because I (gasp!) am childless and this makes it obviously easier for me to assign these kinds of loosely bound "rules" to the whole concept?
The police captain had actually disobeyed the orders of the mayor, who said, “The rally is peaceful. There’s no need to disperse it.” The police captain acted on his own, marched right up to the crowd and said, “You must disperse,” and the speaker said, “But we are peaceful.” And he said, “You must disperse anyway.” And as the speaker was coming down from the wagon, someone — and to this day, we don’t know who it was — threw a bomb that landed into the ranks of the police. One officer was killed immediately. Six others later died.
A familiar figure emerges next to me and clutches my arm. Young Master leans in towards my ear and whispers fervently, ‘Minerva, we must go. This place isn’t safe. We can talk more on the boat.’
We all have… “things” in our past that we’re not exactly proud of, right? Well I’ve just finished watching an episode of Louie that reminded me of one such thing from my past. It happened during one of the many, MANY, very lonely “dry spells” of my youth. I was working part-time at one of those “drive-up window” carry out stores when an older woman started coming on to me. The freaky thing is that her attraction to me was based on her belief that I was the “spitting image” of a painting of Christ she had on her wall!
(3) As far as saying before the High Priest is concerned, the view that Jesus was not speaking literally but was referring to some spiritual triumph is not a new one.
Sadako: "And the canine doing the most to perpetuate rape and sexual assault myths."
What does this have to do with taekwondo?
After I was finally done decorating the cupcakes, I still had a batch of goopy, runny, lumpy strawberry cream cheese frosting, unused and sitting in my fridge. I didn't want to throw it out - what could I turn this into? And then I remembered a recipe for Japanese-style cheesecake that I've been meaning to try out. I quickly checked the recipe - it called for cream cheese. Check. It also called for sugar and butter. Check, and check - all of those were already in the frosting. All I needed to add was flour, cornstarch, salt, and eggs!
When told Mr Methane was planning a book, Howard said: “Keep me out of that book!”
Hanging wires while you run through calf high water and jump over hay bales. I was using my hat to swat wires and missed on thy hit me on the forehead between the eyes and made my teeth chatter together!
There's nothing wrong with the video, but the thing is, when I shoot one of these, I use the transfer, compression and upload time to write down some thoughts that the beer evokes. But for some reason, this little snippet got stuck on my camera, and wouldn't download from the camera. So rather than note down a few Wilde-esque witticisms about the beer, I spent a couple of hours swearing and fiddling with setting on the camera and the computer.
..keeps the doctor away. I don't really like apples..the juice is alright though. I prefer durian,banana,watermelon,papaya and all the lovely seasonal tropical fruits. Hope that would also keep the doctors away .
Shes such a sweet doll, so much fun! She loves CINDERELLA right now, I love how she says, "Rella purtty Rella"
Stock Market (IBEX)
I hope the officials for Saturday’s game are better. They could not be worse.
A ScarbsF1 follower in the Melbourne pit lane sent me these exclusive pics. We can see the Ferrari stripped in the garage. There’s a huge amount of detail to take, but the key things are the exhaust routing for the EBD, the rear suspension and Rear Wing mechanism.
Tattoos on their cheeks, jasmines in their hair, some
All of these spoke to me, just resonated very strongly as I was not doing what I should have been doing, was questioning whether I can share what I’ve learned without having all the answers and then the last one just put me right back on track knowing I’ve just got to do what’s in my heart – that being sharing my experience, raising awareness of suicide and mental health issues and increasing prevention of suicide and of the stigma attached to it all.
It's off-white, with a blue suede collar, made in England and of very high quality. My father was not a large man, but he was certainly larger than I am; still, I put the coat on and it fit, in a way. It made me look quite blocky--it had no waist or belt--but my hands slipped easily into the pockets and if I wore a sweater under it, it would work. "I'll take this," I said.
full coats on about half of the shutters that day (I was doing a lot of maneuvering of junk in the garage to paint in there) and the other half got their third coat the next morning. I made sure to finish the porch shutters the night before so I could get those back on the house the next morning. Here’s
6. In what kinds of stories/articles that appear in newspapers is it not OK to give some sort of opinion? Name two kinds of writing in newspapers where the writer should give an opinion.
God given abilities)
And so we stood, champagne in hand, and watched god only knows how much of our taxes explode in a kaleidoscope of colours against the backdrop of the world's most famous landmark and the world's most beautiful city.
Heather O’Rourke - (Carol Ann) Died of Intestinal Stenosis 6 yrs after Poltergeist was released. She was 12yrs old.
During Easter Christians like to remember the crucifixion of an innocent man for his words, so it was entirely appropriate that John Derbyshire was sacked at this time from the National Review for innocently writing an article for another magazine that intruded on America’s central taboo of race. But there was more to it than that. This case also helped to reveal some of the “uncomfortable truths” (notice how these two words increasingly go together) about America and the decline of the national discourse once represented by the likes of the National Review.
Why should the taxpayer pick up the bill? All these talks of “cuts” (of which there aren’t any… – seen the debt clock recently?), do you really want to pay for vacuous bimbos to have their boobs mended over the poor orphans, hungry pensioners and one-legged lesbian basketball enthusiasts? Well?
5. The groom fainted
Clóset / closet / means someone is closeted. Use: Mira el clóset / one would think you’re telling someone to look at a closet, when in fact you’re telling them to look at the closet-case
To make your own sheep you need:
A portion of the trunk of a Norfolk pine by the beach.
The idea is that if you say something that's not that funny, say it again. Then again. Then again. At first you'll annoy people, but by the 37th time, they'll be rolling on the floor.
Goldstone has refused to disavow the report’s attempt to eliminate laws against terrorism from the international legal codex, and its refusal to acknowledge that Hamas is a terrorist organization. He has not renounced the preposterous characterization of Gaza as territory under Israeli occupation, or the report’s shocking claim that Israel’s limited economic sanctions against the Hamas government are an unlawful form of collective punishment. He continues to remain silent on the report labeling all Israelis liars to stamp Hamas’s anti-Israel libels with the imprimatur of truth. He has not yet expressed remorse about the report’s gratuitous inclusion of anti-Jewish slurs, such as its endorsement of the bigoted claim that Israeli Jews are dehumanized and paranoid.
Living so wicked year after year.
Our preacher actually inspired this blog post.
walked the earth, He had the consciousness of a king that distinguished Him
Is it our past that fuels us
I think we found the perfect medium!
“Ryan was hurting, saying he was going to end it all, stuff like that,” recalls his best friend, Steve Schaeffer, who served with him in Iraq and says he has likewise struggled with the V.A. to get mental health services. “Getting an appointment is like pulling teeth,” he said. “You get an appointment in six weeks when you need it today.”
Hola!
"No." The word came out as barely a whimper.
Stampin parliamentary seat is made up of three state constituencies — Batu Lintang, Kota Sentosa and Batu Kawah, which all fell to DAP in last year’s state election with a combined majority of 13,748 votes.
Next week is Stone Week here in the Show-Me state. There are set to be events all over to welcome Stone to Missouri. The statewide details are here. Sycamore and Uprise Bar are set to host two events on Saturday, April 23rd. You can find the full list at Stone's site. Details for Columbia's events are below.
This morning we sent nine goats upcountry, to an NGO project with whom I have collaborated in providing training. The does and one buck will be used to upgrade stock in an area in which the NGO is working:
Did I really spend money on cards and neglect my Roth IRA? I have to think about that one...
How can my words offend you? They weren’t even words!
The meteor have hit. Extinction spread,
Or I could just say “phooey” with the whole interpretation book and conclude this dream was about an unfulfilled need. The need for green things. The need for flowers. The need for days above 50 degrees Fahrenheit and nights above freezing. And mostly, the need for the lingering layer of unwholesome-looking, feces-, twig-, and gravel-ridden snow to finally melt. Even wet, brown grass would be an improvement.
The 1.5” white foam quickly disappears from the transparent, pale yellow liquid. At first draw, Lone Star brings strange aromas of processed canned chicken broth, corn adjuncts, and wet grain sack…better drink this from the bottle. When the fizzy brew hits the lips, alcohol is most prominent with a slight metallic tinge which allows flavors of purple grape peel, canned cream corn, and bran cereal to dominate - zero hop profile. Thin carbonation somewhat creamy from the adjuncts. If I was at a bar and they had $1 Lone Star (Thursday's at Pacesetter), I could drink a few of these – from the bottle.
From this record we can tell certain things about Lydia Lloyd – that she was repeatedly convicted on counts of larceny from 1867 – 1879, aged between twenty-five and thirty-six. Lydia Lloyd may not have even been her name – she had previously been convicted under the names Kate Howard, Emily Howard and Emily Cougdon. She had moved around the country. We can also tell that this offender worked as a ‘laundress’ in 1879, and sadly that no-one came to visit her during her ten year imprisonment. It seems that this offenders ‘mode of living’ for the majority of her life was what social investigators might term ‘irregular‘.
Week 17 of our 365 Photo Challenge.
Saturday, April 28, 2012
If you look around, many Catholics and priests, maybe 40%, maybe not as high in the older priests, deny the Real Presence. Inevitably, those who deny the Real Presence will also deny the divinity of Christ.
and admire the beautiful paint job you did on it.
secure himself a crisis loan from the brew today – so this weekend we'll be eating.
FUCKING THERAMORE.
Camping tomorrow and I feel rubbish. Damn germs. I'm dousing them in ginger shots and Dr Juice, which means I can at least keep going, but yeah I do yearn to just go to bed. Soon, not much more to do;
I’ve not written much of late. Between school, depression, raising a child, and playing the good daughter/sister/friend game with the hometown, I’ve just been too busy. That and I can’t access this account from their computers least I alert them to my dark side. *insert evil grin*
I'll be making more from this book for sure. I think next I'll explore the Chilies and BBQ-Inspired Dishes chapter. There's a Maple-Infused Sausage Chili that sounds delightful, and a Coffee'd Tempeh Chili (made with espresso!) that I cannot wait to put in my mouth.
Ok, I thought. This could work.
Breakfast: Slim-Fast shake
Final score: 23 out of 30 (the fifth-best Bone score), 3 1/2 stars out of 5, 80% out of 100%
Put a little bit of olive oil in a pan, put in the shallots and the garlic and strirfry untill soft (3-4 mins), then put all the peeled tomatoes in the pan and add a table spoon of vinegar, 2 tea spoons of sugar, all the basil and some salt and pepper to taste.
Twins Rebecca and Hepzibah have been brought up in near captivity by their domineering, over-strict parents.
Amit Bansal answers, Performance appraisals talk about not just an employee’s overall productivity at work however in many organizations professional interpersonal relationships hold a great importance in the KRAs. However do not mistake it for only maintaining cordial relationships with your boss. It’s about your inter departmental relationships and relationship with your team members as well.
I stayed there for approximately 3 years when because of work commitments I had to leave. When it was time for me to return there was no longer a place for me - a long story, upsetting, not worth sharing really! - so the then District Commissioner found me another Brownie Pack in a village about 5 miles away who were just starting up and needed experienced leaders to help them out. Off I trotted - 2 Brownie mums who were doing the daunting thing by starting up the pack - they thought I had been sent along to check up on them! After much reassurance, they welcomed me with open arms, we went on Pack Holiday and generally had a fantastic time.
There is an inevitable dilution that comes with eclectic practice. I’d argue that it’s harder to connect with deities if you’re jumping from pantheon to pantheon, especially when their archetypal portrayal is often so linked with other deities & their familial relationships. Sometimes I weigh up justing picking one and sticking to it, but I can’t deny where my inclincations lie, and they seem to link up with one another so often. One problem I see a lot of new pagans encounter is a reluctance to begin working with a specific deity because they feel obligated to simply pick from one culture and don’t wish to be disrespectful or scattered in their studies. I’ve talked with seekers who agonise over which Goddess to write a ritual for because they don’t want to commit to something they haven’t done enough research on. A fair quandrary. My advice has been to simply dive in and see what works, and to not worry too much as it’s your own experience, your own relationship that you establish that counts, but I find this pill hard to swallow every now and then. The network of deities and/or archetypes that I have sought to establish relationships with include Isis, Bastet, Sekhmet, Osiris, Eris, Artemis, Pan, Brigid, Thor, Freya, Tyr, Saraswati and Ganesha, to name a few. Some links have been lukewarm and others fire-hot, but they are never consistent and I wonder what it would be like to stick to one mythological framework and test the results. Stay tuned on this one.
Ok, it took me a while but I am finally in Patriots mode. I always loved the Pats but after years of working at the stadium my love affair with them faded, a lot. I don't know if it was the traffic, the parking, the traffic, the drunks, the traffic or maybe it was the traffic, but I was always annoyed whenever game day rolled around. Thankfully for me most of the games are on Sundays and since that is family day I managed to avoid working most of the worst of it. I did work two games this year (yeah thanks NFL for scheduling a home game on Christmas Eve, my kids loved that one) but with only one more home game this year (on a Sunday!!!) I know I am in the clear.
This post will be short because there is not very much that the Edmonton Oilers need to do to make their team better. They already have young pieces in place for success in the future, but they do need to complement their awesome talent up front with goaltending.
Of streaks of gold,
I spent a year or so finding things for the house, none of them were expensive, but I think all of them are lovely.
Many sites provide badges, little graphics that represent the site or some achievement, to supporters who then post them on their blogs or other sites. One example of this is on LinkedIn. When you join a LinkedIn group, you have the option to display the group’s badge on your profile so others see you’re a member. Badges are also given by sites like FourSquare to signify some achievement or status. It’s a good way to enable and encourage evangelists. There are also other types of badges that recognize achieve­ments of your supporters, such as “Top Blogger” or “Most Valuable Evangelist.”
Neighbour to other international brands such as Abercrombie & Fitch and Marks & Spencer, both of which recently opened Parisian flagships on the Champs Elysees, Banana Republic completes the set of big-name high street giants on the famous avenue. The grand 1500m2 store, with its Hamptons-esque refined luxury, is spread over two floors and features the whole gamut of its men's and women's collections including Weekend (casual separates) and Monogram (high end evening wear), and with shoes, costume jewellery, bags and belts thrown in to the mix. Classics such as the trench coat, white shirt, chinos and little black dress are Banana Republic staples, but seasonal trends such as taffeta ball gown skirts and beaded clutches are also on sale, and a personal shopper is available in store to help you choose the perfect combination of affordable American luxury to suit your body, lifestyle and budget.
(4) Ambrose Joshua Smith
Deciding on the marketing strategy
1,722: Number Of Waivers Granted To Unions And Businesses So That ObamaCare Would Not Outlaw Their Health Care Plans. (HHS.gov, Accessed 4/10/12)
I know I could have done better but am very happy with my numbers it being the holidays and all the traveling I have done.
“You’re an asshole.” She pivoted and got into her car.
KNIT ON!!!
I've never been called for a survey...until a few minutes ago.
Missiles on rooftops and heaths are not reassuring, they are ludicrous and give the impression that the government has not only lost the plot, but lost control. If we get to the stage where we are blowing things up ourselves in the name of safety, then God help us all.
I depended myself to people all throughout my years of living.
Kids Ride 8 years to 13 years 3 km
The best part once the Red Sox got the lead though was watching Shyanne enjoying the game. She was clapping along with cheers that other fans had started. She learned about the wave and watched very carefully for when it was our turn to participate.She also just sat there taking in the sights and sounds.
*Strap a teddy bear on your foot, shove a pillow under your top (or if you are pregnant, this would be fantastic)…. Bear foot and pregnant.
I find myself engaged in a game. Kind of like a game of poker, only unlike any I’ve ever played before. The cards in play don’t come from a 52 count deck; the game is played with the cards that life has handed us. I can’t see the other players, nor am I sure how many are involved. I don’t think any of that matters. Ultimately, as always, it will boil down only to how I play.
I am a barefoot enthusiast, and have practically given up wearing shoes all together! For many years I described my brand of spiritual connectedness as standing barefoot on a sun-warmed stone in the middle of a cold rushing stream. I have done just that in many streams and places in the northern hemisphere. If I knew then what I know now, the four months I spent hiking along the Appalachian Trail would have been done barefoot. No doubt the voyage of Simplicity to the southern latitudes will be shoeless.
Will your child fall flat if you *do*? It's possible. You can do damage with pushing and expectations.
Since I will not have any any pretty photos to post for some time, I guess I will be forced to do the year-end photo recap of last year’s garden. I was kind of thinking if I procrastinated long enough no one would notice that I hadn’t done one, but nature has conspired to make me do it. I also didn’t do an anniversary post. Gee, now that I think about, it’s generally not a good thing to forget one’s anniversary. Well, Happy Anniversary If only sweat were irrigation. You appeared on the scene one year ago on December 28th with fear and trembling. Fortunately, the fear only lasted for a little while, but the fun has persisted to this very day. Thanks, everyone, for adding to my fun and for being so friendly. You’re the best!!
Weekdays I’m a SAHM and weekends I work night shift at the local hospital.
Of course it’s just a nightmare and she wakes up soon after. Then we get her talking to her friend Romy while babysitting, and because Romy is black, she knows all about dream interpretations, voodoo, the supernatural and everything else that will play prominently in the film’s flimsy plot. Because being black automatically equates to being African, which means knowing all about superstitions and magic spells and other stuff like that. How racially sensitive!
So what do you think? And I promise, if you disagree, I'm not going to be like, "RAWR!" I'd like to have someone that can logically and reasonably explain to me (without the use of morals and religion) why this is a good idea. Because last time I checked, government wasn't supposed to do things because of religion. And they certainly don't care about morality.
In other words, it's time to talk "turkey".
HUNTSVILLE, Texas – Anthony Bartee, slated to be put to death this evening, filed a civil rights lawsuit today against the Bexar County District Attorney in U.S. District Court in San Antonio, a spokesman for Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott said.
I went into my session with Rem yesterday with this in mind. I started off by spending some time with him, grooming and scratching, just enjoying his company. I hadn't intended to ride, but it's been a while and I really wanted to, so took him up to the school.
If he has spare brainpower to be able to think about the scary corner, he isn't thinking hard enough about what I'm asking of him.
The million dollar question is when will we see it in production. It’s no secret that Toyota’s CEO, Akio Toyoda, known sports car addict and driving force behind bringing the extravagant LFA to market, is enthusiastic about a Supra successor. The project has not be officially approved but if Toyoda had his way and the economy continues to show signs of recovery, the new coupe could be on showroom floors by late 2015.
And so we emerged into the Paris sunshine, devoid of dead skin cells and polished head to toe. Was it relaxing? Mmm, not so much. Entertaining and enlightening? Ah oui, bien sur.
Mercedes AMG (MBHPE as it was known then) developed their first KERS for 2009 in house. At the time McLaren were the primary customer for the system, although Force India and at the last minute Brawn GP were also customer teams that year. Force India had a chassis prepared to run KERS, but chose not to during the season. Brawn had a chassis designed before their switch to Mercedes engines, so their car was not designed to accept the Mercedes KERS.
my aim was to show only her expressions with the balloons around…. and leave everything else….. for that, I chose the Sigma 150mm macro, one of the sharpest lenses I have, and placed a Simpex 120cm x 50cm softbox on Elinchrom Ranger unit…. I was shooting at f11 to give enough depth to the image and to make sure that I don’t miss focus with all that balloon around…. and I also switched to manual focus… Lamisa was playing with the balloons, so the balloons were anything but stable…. for a big portion of the time, the balloons were between her and the light, putting her in shadows…… and she was also preferring to hide behind the balloons most of the time!….. so, I had to look for the slightest of opportunities to shoot between the balloons…. the Elinchrom Ranger provided the fast recycle I needed…. a speedlite would probably not have done the job; definitely not at f11….. the 120cm x 50cm softbox helped me to control the exposure on the subject as well as on the backdrop…. I’m kinda loving this cheap tool….. and not to forget that it fits the Elinchrom mount!!
That is about it for today. Have fun and I will try to be back soon.
This week it's the third of our First Friday of the Month Colour Combo Challenges and this time it's Kathy's turn to choose the colours:
3. He loved green pastures.
More recent studies described evidence on pain relief and sedation for surgical and medical purposes traced in literary medical treatises from the Roman and Byzantine times (2nd century BC to 7th AD). Roman and Byzantine scientists, such as Dioscorides Pedanios, Gaius Plinius Secundus, Galen, Orivasios from Pergamum, Themistios, Aetios of Amida, Ioannes Damascenos and others, referred to Mandragora officinarum, Hyoscyamos niger and Atropa belladonna as the most important herbs, besides the opium poppy, to be used for producing pain relief and sedation.
This was a hard one, folks. I've spent my entire life telling myself that I can do things, and struggling to prove that I could, to myself... now, I had to prove to someone else, who was backing me, and with strong confidence... that I could do this thing. The pressure became almost unbearable to withstand. I spent an entire day riding around in circles, not quite knowing what to do. I tried to visit friends, but couldn't seem to get there. I tried to call friends, but couldn't quite get in touch. My chest was nearly bursting, and the tears were beginning to flow.
SHORT TERM: rally continues, DOW+114
There are 8 registers but just one cashier on station. There are several other personnel in the logo shirt not stocking or inventorying or working in any visible way. What they are not doing is manning a register. It becomes apparent the one cashier is new. Also slow. But very cheerful giving her full attention to each customer and concentrating on the process of each checkout. When I am the next one up another cashier opens a register and those behind me flee to that line. I was boxed in and could not possibly have responded when she called out "I can help the next person !".
9 oz of snow peas (or 12 oz depending on what you can find in your grocery store)
Since it often so offends you, we'll keep our history, our name and our flag.
I wanted attitude, some sex appeal, and in your face expression teamed with a post processing to bring the almost caricature/cartoonish aesthetic I was after.
- See demonstrations and network with industry experts
he was still a member of Hawkwind. When interviewed on this
Suzie Katayama - cello
for three consecutive birthday parties,
For the layered elements under the ticket border, I cut out pieces from one of the pieces of pattern paper & then edged them in a little bit of black ink to make them stand out. This is the full sheet of pattern paper that I used ~ and I still have more elements I can use on other pages. I used the full sheet as is on one of my earlier pages & now I've cut it apart ~ super fun options!
Because writing style is revealing.
Are you not drying and straightening your hair now since so many people complimented you on it?
Schlafly Bottleworks (7260 Schlafly Plaza, Maplewood) While technically, the Schlafly Bottleworks is a brewpub, so it could fall into the list below, it’s also the location of most of their production. They do tours on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday from Noon-5PM on the hour. Their tour guides are all beer nerds, so they love talking about beer.
Tomorrow night is our parent meeting with our chosen pediatrician, which I'm excited about. I need to upload pictures of the completed crib (with bedding!) and recent Morgan-themed purchases. Sunday is our last Shower, so after that we'll need to outline the final necessities we need to purchase and get down to business. Right now, I know that Breast Pump and Bottles top the list- I'm sure there are other things but I can't think of them right now.
3. I was so happy to hear Franz Ferdinand’s song “Burn This City” at the club – how apt. When is their next album coming out?
Shinobu means to persevere or endure - the original name for ninjutsu is the techniques of perseverence. Oshi means pressure. Together, the phrase would mean something like "to endure under pressure". The contraction of these two terms becomes Osu, or Os as it is pronounced. The way that my Sensei described it, it has a deeper meaning than to continue despite hardship.
Are you spontaneous or do you like to plan ahead?
You want a one-sentence summary that immediately gives
* What inspired you to write Monster Baby?
a) say “ew,” and walk back to wherever you came from,
The second comment betrays a complete failure to grapple with what is "fair". I think it is fair that those who earn the money should keep it. His Grace has obviously not thought of that! Or maybe he is just too limited a thinker to grapple with it.
This book was the perfect balance between mystery, social issues and relationship. This is the best book in a very good series.
and the AC is off
Release the healings and see great change
Important Notice: After six years Master Baiter´s has changed its location. We are still in Marina Vallarta, only now we´re located in front of Dock D. Our phone number is the same (011 52 1) 322 779 7571, this is my cell if you are roaming. My shop number is still (011 52 322) 209 1128 if you are local then my cell is (044) 322 779 75 71 or shop is at (322) 209 1128. We still are waiting for the new business license so my doors have been closed but you can still come by and say hello and get anything you need.
evidential material to support their case.
We are ruled by brief encounters,
Thank you for taking the time to read this!
I just love. Though do you think the look is a bit too twee, not very grown up like. I shall certainly have fun picking out my colours as would like a different colour for each chair. I found a lovely pine dresser on freecycle too, but more about that another day. Do you like freecycle, would love to know your most favourite freecycle item....
This is the kind of movie that thinks people mistaking “pentagram” for “Pentagon” is the epitome of political humor. It’s also the kind of movie that takes on the hard issues, like racism. The Attorney General blames a black man for a crime he could not have committed! Even after said black man is mauled by the perpetrator! This is high comedy, folks, and we got front row seats. The Attorney General demands that a popular television show be taken off the air due to its anti-government slant. “We’re going to win back the hearts and minds of the American people,” he says. High-minded hilarity! “I’m worried about national anarchy,” says the president. Ha ha, just like the real president! The Attorney General wants to declare martial law! This is bonkers! Bananas!
I enjoyed Polaris, but find that the books get better with time.* Seeker, with its discussion of the role of history in contemporary life, captivated me. McDevitt seasons the plot with questions on government and politics. The place of religion in a cosmos where man has spread out among the stars is a major theme in all of the books, particular in Firebird, but I think my favorite so far has been the Devil’s Eye. It has everything I love in Science Fiction: the big idea, a terrible secret buried by authority, remote stellar outposts, and even an appearance by McDevitt’s one alien species, the telepathic mutes. The Devil’s Eye delves into the tensions we all face with our governments and our place in things. All of the books use quotes to start new chapters, usually these are from future books McDevitt has created. The Devil’s Eye draws heavily on a series of horror novels, and McDevitt uses them to inject some commentary on the art of writing into things.
The Landmarks Preservation Commission met on Tuesday, Oct. 30, to vote on a mess of proposed landmarks and, when the dust had settled, eight NYC buildings were untouchable.
That was just in the introduction, but it totally resonated with me. There are so many days where I think to myself "the laundry can wait, the dusting can wait..." and it seems that I am not valuing my home, or my "job" of being home raising a family. It makes me wonder how many other wives and moms are doing the same thing- probably many! Yes, doing the same chores day in, day out, all the time gets very, very boring. But if I shift my perspective to it being my "job", it helps me stay focused. I want to provide a clean, loving, secure place for my family to reconnect at the end of the day. And I don't mean this to sound condescending to working moms- I believe that no matter what your occupation is, we ALL want to come home to a place that is like our sanctuary.
Dennis Hopper and John Saxon are the recognizable faces amidst the astronauts, who in the ALIEN-prefiguring plot are sent to Mars where a delegate from another galaxy has crash landed. Get the picture? Do I need to draw you a map to Mars' orbiting moon, the Island of Phobos? Why not ask the ancient remains of Basil Rathbone, still sharp as a tack and nutty as an heir of Frankenstein, as the lead scientist of earth?
I couldn't find any of them on my hard drive
Thank you for visiting and have a germ-free day. Hugs, Mette
We revealed that viewers in Malaysia saw 30 seconds less of the report than people watching the same news bulletin across the rest of the world.
I also changed “pour hot wax” to “drip hot wax,” as it sounds less aggressive and more playful.
Ok, maybe if you had your own personal, hot looking chef to cook and serve you dinner when you walked in the door from your busy day, but then again, who's spouse would really allow that?
watchers are. We watched and worried together----did each
Because YES... our last month was CRAZY. And I mean, CRAZY.
So when poor old Joe takes a southerly gaze upon a co-worker he is performing a perfunctory duty of all men to take a look at the (Insert favorite breast name here) Not knowing that the advertisements he is the target of are not real. Silly Joe, Silly Joe.
We're off to start our own personal blogs!
Still embattled with depression, and needing a change; hoping for something that was empty to be filled, he leaned on the mercy-seat of God. He knew who God was, but did not have a one on one relationship with him, prior to these three significant events all relating to life and death.
Preconfigured setups:
One of the things that took me years to learn is that while we are waiting on God to reveal his will for us, we should be doing the things we already know pleases Him. God’s word tells us what His will is for every Christian believer. What does the Scriptures say we must do? Abstain from those habits that are bad and sinful, such as smoking, drugs, nightclubs, rock music, skin magazines, gambling, etc. To stay away from everything that has the appearance of evil. (1 Thessalonians 5:22) Jesus said if you love me you will obey me.
Remember the Ten Ways For Schools To Confuse a Child? Well, I'm pretty sure someone from the federal government read it and took my suggestions seriously. Because they are planning on taking one of the items on the list and running with it. Here it is:
I added extra reflection on his nose and the flower with a dab of Copic Opaque White.
national geographic 1972
It’s a way of sidelining critics of liturgical tat
“The latest weekly animal hygiene report of the Ministry of Agriculture Forestry and Fisheries introduces cases in which sterilizing work has not been properly carried out after vaccinations have been performed. If that’s true, there may be a connection with the latest infections. There’s a need to provide thorough sterilization once again,” Hiroomi Akashi, a professor of veterinary virology at the University of Tokyo said.
Remove batter from fridge, add the eau de vie or Armagnac, and whisk it lightly to reblend, then rap the pitcher against the counter to break the top bubbles. Pour batter slowly and gently into the pan, trying not to incorporate more air, and then drop in the prunes, distributing them evenly.
I must attribute Jayden for inspiration for this post. Thank you, Jayden!
dreams could be held through TV
The funny thing is my cardio has gotten strong again and I could go faster or further, but my feet legs and muscles are telling me to take it easy!
But, I could not sleep, I tell you, until I posted a link to the best video game of ALL TIME.
Well, that's about it. If you have any questions, I'll try to answer them if I can. I hope you can use some of this information to make your own cards.
Why do we discriminate in our salutations? What is wrong with addressing Suranjit Sengupta as Janab? In India, all officials, irrespective of religion, are addressed formally as Sri. Why not do a Bangladeshi equivalent?
d) wire it up to a plug until the electrical can be officially connected properly. I was impatient. And a plug worked. I'll show you that technique in another post soon.
Every. single. problem that one could encounter with an adoption homestudy and dossier...we have encountered. It has been an agonizing process. My heart feels like a cold angry little stone. I can't even cry over each new obstacle. I have to remind myself daily that God has a plan for us and for Mr. Dimple. And I hope that plan is that we get to be together.
Burgers, veggie burgers, fries and floats make up the menu. The place has more beers than it does types of burgers (counting all types of cheese and the option to add in bacon, I think that number is somewhere around 5). Hamburgers cost $3.25, cheese burgers $3.75 and beer is $2 to $4. Basically, you can get your “burger and a brew” in a fast-food type setting.
It shall guarantee the rights of all workers to self-organization, collective bargaining and negotiations, and peaceful concerted activities, including the right to strike in accordance with law. They shall be entitled to security of tenure, humane conditions of work, and a living wage. They shall also participate in policy and decision-making processes affecting their rights and benefits as may be provided by law.
Why is the media getting this wrong?
Business Lists
gledwood
I've just looped hair elastics through the button holes and these then hook over the buttons! Luckily I have some 'fair' coloured hair elastics which were bought for my husband (he's only used one or two out of the packet) as they look much better than my dark brown ones would have.
The other best thing about HH at Katsuya Glendale? It's on EVERY DAY - Monday-Friday 5-7pm, Saturday & Sunday 11am-4pm.
We are often running on fumes, spiritually, but we must know where the fuel station is, and even more important, that it exists. After trying all kinds of other things, Christians have learned that the worship of God with the whole heart in the assurance of his love through the work of Jesus Christ is the thing their souls were meant to ‘run on.’ That is what gets all the heart’s cylinders to fire. If this is not understood, then we will not have the resources to be good spouses. If we look to our spouses to fill up our tanks in a way that only God can do, we are demanding an impossibility” (Keller, 52).
Next I looked at the one-loss teams and tried to determine the best teams from that group. Georgia was easy, their one loss was to Alabama and they never gave up in that contest. USC, despite their loss to Oregon State is a solid football team. Florida’s loss to Ole Miss hurts them but I believe that they could beat any of the teams I had chosen and I am certain they would beat any of the unbeaten non-BCS guys (really, their schedules are abhorrent) and the same could be said for Ohio State, so I included them (their victory over Wisconsin helped them). After including those four I was left with one spot for twenty-three candidates. I watched Utah’s come-from-behind win last Thursday and I gave them the nod.
This awesome kit...
Meanwhile, I hope you enjoy these...
5. Your sister is going to have a life of her own. Don’t you want that for her? Who are you to try and control her life?
The program gives participants the opportunity to create and support local green economy projects while acquiring skills and strategies that empower them as agents of Solutionary change wherever they go
(I bet they'd have better music after dinner...)
I had to research the color of paint we chose! It was tweaked a bit after seeing it in the different shades of light, but the color we bought was 'Woodland Hills Green' from Benjamin Moore.
In some towns, at any rate, they receive a capitation fee of fifty centimes -- a fluctuating sevenpence-halfpenny according to the exchange -- for every man they arrest. Fortunately, living is cheap, so that when hunger bears too hardly upon them the remedy of a timely prisoner is easily come by. There need be no superfluous scruples, such as waiting until a man commits an offence against the law. Pick a quarrel with any stray passer-by or pounce down upon him unawares.
O’Reilly said that Mitchell crossed the line by disparaging an entire political party (the GOP) when her job is to be an objective reporter, to which Quinn disagreed.
I think there are a few things that we have to be ready to do when there is that moment of stupidity with our kids. First, remember they are young and will do stupid stuff. My line to my wife is "he's only _____ years old." We have to keep that in mind because sometimes our kids seem like they are very mature and then they act like a kid again and we don't understand what happened. We have to be ready for them to act like kids.
we don’t feel tired, nor think it’s strained, do you know why? Because we have all of you loving us!
Now, I have my OWN window frame that I see every day and LOVE LOVE LOVE.
Azad praised the speech of King Abdullah, Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques, in which, he said, four points have been outlined for maintaining order in the society.
Once the flower is complete, I used Glossy Accents as another adhesive. Place the nozzle down in the center and give a little squeeze, and maybe a few small squirts inside any of the other loose petals. It doesn't take long to dry, and once they are all finished they will be nice and stable.
I must admit I was a little concerned being on the 5th floor of a very old building at home”.
I got the recipe from The Biggest Loser Prevention Magazine.
His bedtime ritual had not changed. He had poured himself a nightcap around 10:00 p.m. local time, slipped into his silk pajamas and retired to his room to read for half an hour or so while he drank his brandy.
image: debspoons/freedigitalphotos.net
The ontological argument from reason
Step 4: Repeat the unpacking boxes part of Step 3. Continue for two days - or more, as needed.
About to cry.
Enter the Punky Monkey, created by Joaquin Simo of New York’s Death & Company, to shake me out of our cocktail doldrums. Jeff Berry laid out the drink in his Beachbum Berry Remixed. At the bar, Berry reports that it’s on the menu as the Kerala. Regardless of the name, it’s a great little cocktail that relies on not just bourbon, but — in an uncommon and, in some quarters, controversial move — bourbon and rum in the same glass.
My mom called me from Wyoming,
So I ordered some chicken dish and it tasted like crap. Not that I've ever tasted crap, of course, but it wasn't very good. I really didn't care for it. Everyone talked me into sending it back to the kitchen. I've never done this before. I apologized over and over to the waitress and told her that I was sure it was fine, but I just didn't like it and could I please get something else? She was very nice about it. I'm pretty sure the cook was offended and spit in my new dish, however. Then a manager came out and demanded to know what was wrong with my chicken and why exactly did I send it back, and what was wrong with me. OK, so maybe it wasn't that bad, but I felt so embarrassed. Next time, I'll just eat the funky tasting chicken.
It took me a while to get to the mall because the summer heat was really making me feel lazy and icky, even if I had already taken a bath after waking up soaked in my own sweat. (I think I hate summer, btw) I got there and we had about an hour left before showing, so we had a nice chat to catch up on things. I thought it was funny that he got a new job at the same call center company I was in some couple of years ago, but in a different branch/location and a different account. And I was really happy about it, since he got to treat me because payday was just a couple of days ago, muhahaha.
10. band intros
Discard any stone and bad beans before soaking. After soaking rinse the bean with several changes of water. Place the bean into deep pot, covered with water and boil until soft using medium heat. If the water dried up before the bean turns soft, add more water.
* Transfer 375ml of the water to a large jam pan.
"In order to prove or disprove Mr. Black's contention that the first settlers on the American continent were from Atlantis, it was necessary that a genuine Indian take part in the experiment," he explained. "Of course, in order to be really scientific, we should have an Egyptian as well; but none was procurable. However, Mr. Black is convinced that his earliest forebears were Atlanteans; so that will have to suffice.
Stephen Fry, a huge twit, all round mouth and super luvvie, recently argued that Britain should “redress a great wrong” by returning the Elgin Marbles to Greece, as a gesture to mark the London Olympics.
Phil Beesley on his discovery that the novelist once lived in the Leicester suburb of Aylestone and set his novel The Right to an Answer there.
Once again I’m struck by how young these folks are. The oldest of them might be in his mid-30s. Are these truly the leaders of a coup that seems to have toppled what had been one of West Africa’s most stable regimes? Or are there more senior figures somewhere pulling the strings? It’s also noteworthy that these troops are rank-and-file, not from special units like the parachute regiment or presidential guard. I wonder how and whether they will be able to command the loyalty of their peers in other military units.
Wrestle love; the God of love
I will drink Eggnog , eat cookies and sing a Carol or two. Oh and I must not forget to buy carrots, I must be ready when Dasher and Dancer and Prancer and Vixen, Comet and Cupid and Donner and Blitzen come. Oh no, I forgot to recall the most famous reindeer of all Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer. An extra big carrot for him.
For the sake of simplicity, I have decided to use this same layout sketch for both albums. Only 29 more layouts to go!
I had a very rough night sleep.
The first three songs were all outside material. We now come to the first of five songs Vern co-wrote. Jukeboxes were, at one time, a frequent topic of country songs. The year 1993 saw two such songs chart in Doug Supernaw’s excellent “Honky Tonkin’ Fool” (a song that deserved better than being marooned at #50) and Joe Diffie’s “Prop Me Up Beside The Jukebox” (it reached #3). Vern’s nice medium-tempo ballad , “Bury Me In A Jukebox”, would have made a good single release as it is a better song than either the Diffie or Supernaw songs.
And what about that financial insecurity? This is another dreaded thing I hear about from clients, friends and, of course, all over the news. How can financial insecurity possibly be a good thing? Again, as Shakespeare’s Hamlet said, “…there is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so.” What did I learn from radical financial insecurity? That my true security comes from some place else. True security doesn’t come from money, a career, what kind of car I drive (or even if I drive). True security comes from knowing that I can seek and find whatever I need at any given moment in my life.
So in order to break this thought process, I'm going to give you a little assignment. I want you to go to dinner sometime this week, and order nothing but healthy items. No bread basket, no deep fried mozzerella sticks, and no "death by chocolate" cake. Eat healthily and only until you're full, then pay your tab and leave. Don't rush, but don't linger. As soon as you leave, write down how you feel. Stuffed? Guilty? Disgusting? Tired? Doubtful. How about empowered? Healthy? Energetic? Probably. Try it, see what happens. Keep that list of emotions with you and the next time you meet your buddies for dinner take a look at it.
*IMPORTANT NOTE: Some of the details of this event have been altered to maintain patient confidentiality. Also, this blog post was not meant to be accurate in regards to proper first aid procedures. Please visit www.redcross.ca or your local provider for more information on how to become certified in First Aid, CPR, and/or AED.*
Black Pudding stepped even closer to the light and gave Moon a nod and a wink.
When Sandy could glibly dismiss $60m being spent to house 7000 people in a facility for 1 month and then release them, you think we not smelling eau de corruption? Now Volney saying the government looking to buy the facility???
And now that we have that amazingness out of the way, I promised you guys a contest, didn't I?
to release my 2 new patterns that have been
My book is set in a near-future Moscow with the main male character named Artyom and a segment of the very poor populace living underground in the abandoned metro system.
* divestiture and the fruits doctrine under Article 32;
Click on the link below to go to my account to download the PNG file, and leave some love if you like my work.
POLS 340 - Intro to Public Administration
hit the floor (whom to blame the cats or the boys?)
While she has some wonderful skills in a variety of job placements, the reality of her working for longer than two hours seems to be a distant hope. One that I will fight until the end to preserve, but the reality of what her days will look like is very much present.
Lulu was stamped on Neenah cardstock with Memento Ink and coloured with Copics. Her dress and hat were paper pieced with the Cosmo Cricket papers. Shading was added with Copics. Her boa was covered in Polar White Flower Soft and then sprinkled with Glamour Dust. I had originally coloured the pearl necklace with my Copics, but then thought it would be fun to give her some "real" pearls with a Viva Decor Pearl Pen. However, I should have made the pearls a little larger than the ones drawn on the image as my pearls all ended up running into each other and lost their definition. I think making each pearl a little larger would have helped to maintain the "pearl" shape better. Oh well...lesson learned. :)
In the amalgam of all these different people lie the cultural treasures of Coorg–the customs, the dresses and the Peechekati (traditional dagger).
I read this 700 pager in a week at age 13, a week that is largely a fog because I was so completely absorbed in Gedge's gripping tale of early Britain's invasion by Imperial Rome. Celtic leader Caradoc who united the tribes of Wales only to face defeat and be marched to Rome in chains, and red-haired Boudicca who continued his fight – they were far more real than algebra homework and pimply classmates. I yearned to pick up a spear and march on Rome.
I assured him, "That's really ok! Do you need to remember pain? There's always time to make new, positive memories that you will remember."
guard, since that’s the intersection in front of the school. And ALL
Green demon
Dissident gets life for murder of two soldiers Republican Colin Duffy has walked free from five murder charges since 1993 Making sense of that Boston College mess Colin Duffy says ‘DNA’ planted in get-away car Sapper Mark Quinsey’s sister: We will never see justice Patrick Azimkar’s parents say part of him lives on with them
Sarah Kapeli is the Marketing Manager of Naturebee Healthfoods. Sarah is passionate about good health and wellbeing and has gained considerable knowledge of natural healthfoods and the affects on the body through her work.
Indeed, the 28th of February, we’ll both have 20 years.
We had tea and toasted tea cakes at The Labworth cafe and restaurant, a curious building squeezed in between the sea wall and the sea. The atmosphere was pleasant and the staff friendly.
4.) I eat yummy fats like ghee (clarified butter), avocado, bacon fat, duck fat, olive oil, and coconut oil. Also raw cheddar cheese. And full fat greek yogurt from Trader Joe's. That shit is so good, y'all.
Oh, and John "on the ball" McNeill ripped out the nasty, musty smelling carpet on Thursday afternoon. He's so great at jumping on the "to-do" list and getting it done pronto. I'll be sharing some pictures and some of his tips in case you may be planning to rip up your own old carpet anytime soon.
4 chicken breasts, dark meat if you prefer, or mixture
I use Splenda and the 8 teas. measure is based on this use of this product
and how the something
In response, angry MPs accused the police management of lying to them during previous meetings.
With everything that has happened over the past two days or so, Shannon has become disheartened. This causes her to not want to do much of anything, so she just stares out the window. She wants to see some familiar faces; Marc, Penn, even her grandparents who’ve she’s been thinking a lot about lately. But because of her current status with the Marshals service and the witness protection program, she doubts that the Marshals will allow anyone to visit her because that could pose a security risk, due to the fact that the New World Power could use these guests as a way to figure out where Shannon is and finish what they started. With those who are entered into the witness protection program, they are essentially removed from their old lives, meaning that they can’t meet up with old friends, family, or associates. She doubts that the Marshals even contacted anyone regarding her health or what is going on with her. If they did contact anyone, it’ll either be her grandparents because they are her only known relatives or Marc, who she uses as an emergency contact while she stays in L.A. As she thinks of this, she hopes that Marc is alright.
30My skin is black and dropping off me; and my bones are burning with the heat of my disease.
And I did it, he thinks, as a very thief:
Let me now if you try it out.
Total: 2 servings, 500 cal, 250 cal / serving
Two Boatloads of Immigrants Land in Lampedusa
This is my submission for Flourishes Noon Time Challenge : The Round Challenge. We are being challenged to use a circle as the base of our cards and the rest of the design is up to us. If you would like to join us and be in the running to win some of Flourishes great stamps, you can find out all the details HERE.
Cinema 90 - In Ultra Violet
PROS
This post, then, is about the boundaries that women live with, and what happens when they break out of them. Some of these boundaries are imposed by society, while others arise from the dynamics of a particular relationship. Historically, women have been restricted much more than men by these forces, as well as by religion and even law. In the United States, home of the free, women could not own property at first, and it took even longer for them to get the right to vote. But the songs I am presenting here are not feminist tracts, or even political songs as such. Rather, they are personal statements by five eloquent songwriters.
Since her appointment in 2002 by Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg, Ms. Burden has played a powerful behind-the-scenes role in shaping plans at ground zero, in limiting the size of the Atlantic Yards development near Downtown Brooklyn, and in helping push through the High Line project, which will transform a disused rail bed into a linear park linking the West Village to the Far West Side.
The 208 page full colour book is edited by Queensland food writer Natascha Mirosch. She has dispatched more than 25 reviewers all over Brisbane and up to Port Douglas and down to Coolangatta to seek the best places to dine in Queensland. Find out which dining establishments were dished up a coveted Good Food Guide Award chef hat.
* Michael Jackson: Come on.
My son Chef Zeph is going to be cooking at the James Beard House in NYC in Feb with his boss, Chef Salmon from the Hartstone Inn in Camden Maine.They have cooking classes at the inn regularly (and the best food...simply divine) and are traveling to Italy in November to give a two week cooking class at a beautiful Villa in Tuscany. Wouldn't I love to be a little birdy sitting on his shoulder for that trip!
I didn’t realize just how serious my brother-in-law is about this morel business until he sat down at his laptop and clicked onto morels.com, an online community bulletin board/information center for “Morel Madness 2012.” Here you can see photos of the latest morel finds and, surprisingly, even find out where to find morels. Or you can inquire about buying and selling.
So what am I saying to me and to you with this particular bit of stream of consiousness blogging? Perhaps only this: write and have fun and worry about the rest later.
Are you ready for our first monthly challenge?? We already announced that the theme is SOUL. I have made an example, which is the first one linked. Your art can be any media, any size, as long as it has the theme of SOUL. Submit your link by January 31. After that date, we will post all of the entries, along with a poll for you to vote for your favorite. The one with the most votes will be the winner and that person will receive a special prize. The prize is BlackPumpkin's doodled calendar! So go ahead and link your artworks!
1/2 to 1 cup of cheese (I used feta and parmesan) (amount to taste and dictated by what you have on hand - goat cheese would be fun too I think, but feta and parmesan were a great combination)
She stopped the car in her driveway, and froze with her hands on the wheel. She should turn around and take him back to his bus. She wasn’t going to make herself a one-night stand, a moment of weakness, a mistake, just another cheap groupie looking for someone to brag about. But he was honest with her, and she appreciated him all the more for it. He placed his hand on hers. She turned her head, looked deep into his eyes. Satisfied, she took the keys out of the ignition, and opened her car door, walking up to the house without looking back…..
I go straight to my room to take off my bathing suit. I pull on the shorts my mom laid out for me, but I choose a different t-shirt. The one she picked has a picture of a pink cartoon elephant on the front. Once she put it in my soccer bag and I had to wear it to practice. That woman is on a mission to make me a laughing stock.
Percvial (1) states that the Canterbury Whitebine, Farnham Whitebine and Mathon Whitebine are so closely related in botanical character that the cannot be distinguished form one another and are, no doubt, one and the same variety. The Farnham White Bine was originally selected from a cutting by Peckham Williams around 1750 as I have detailed earlier. Though it has long been sold as a Golding variety this plant pre-dates Mr Golding’s famous selection as it is, in fact, the parent plant he took his renowned cutting from.
Every week these cats hook up each other with hot hits and big phazed cookies to peruse and then vote on their individual fancy catchers.
Today’s example just falls under the category of “Really?”
If Mr. Palm thinks otherwise, he needs to find us a statement after 1943 on full biblical inerrancy, or find a Catholic institution today that teaches it. He won’t be able to.
In the below illustration, both fabrics to be connected are knit in stockinette, and the knit side of the fabric is meant to be seen when the garment is worn. Accordingly, both fabrics are being held with their purl sides facing outwards, which means that their knit sides are rubbing against one another as the fabrics are being held front-to-front.
Sad isn't it.
“We may need more ammunition than this,” Pete stated flatly.
How can green tea or water compete with that? Why don't they just GIVE IT AWAY... and continue the downward spiral of health and vitality in our country? Why? Because they don't have to. They make it up in volume... millions are ADDICTED to Coke and Diet Coke, Mountain Dew and Dr. Pepper.. and it won't stop.
Nutrients
As with European empires in the past, the modern Western imperial countries have relied on retrograde religious parties and leaders to collaborate and serve their economic and military interests and to provide mercenaries for imperial armies to savage any anti-imperialist social revolutionaries. In that sense US and European rulers are neither ‘pro nor anti’ Islam, it all depends on their national and class position. Islamists who collaborate with Empire are “moderate” allies and if they attack an anti-imperialist regime, they become ‘freedom fighters’. On the other hand, they become “terrorists” or “fundamentalists” when they oppose imperial occupation, pillage or colonial settlements.
It was only a short time ago that we posted about the progress of the Fulton Business Improvement District (see here: http://teamtish.blogspot.com/2008/12/fulton-business-improvement-district.html)
“Hi,” I say, “I’m Kate and it is really nice to meet you. My colleague is waiting downstairs if you want to follow me.”
-It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves.
“Why don’t we follow each subject as she goes about her daily life? That way our readers get to come along with us and get a behind- the-scenes look at what happens to them. Instead of just a boring interview, we—and our readers—get to hang around with these women, see them in their natural habitat, and even see how other people treat them.”
- 1/2 teaspoon of ground ginger (didnt use this at the 1st time)
Dr Susan Limber says "Children and youth who are bullied are more likely than other children to be depressed, lonely, anxious; have low self-esteem; feel unwell; and think about suicide"
Here's what we celebrated this past weekend:
Press the pie crust into the bottom of a 9 inch tart pan or pie dish. Set aside.
ME sufferers and their families hit back after Sun columnist Rod Liddle described the condition as 'a newly invented illness which makes you a bit peaky'
6. Bathroom Etiquette II: His Razor is His
This is my 7th year teaching (GASP! Really?! I've already been teaching that long?!). I've been super lucky enough to have taught first grade for all of those years!
I just wanted to tell you
I realized she did not want me
It wouldn’t surprise me to see Fiesta move in at the former Albertson’s by my current house at Ohlen and Research. Someone mentioned the possibility of a “Hispanic grocery store” moving in there at one of my neighborhood association meetings a few months back.
The 1830 Greek Revival townhouse at 23 Washington Square North has not been available for sale for half a century. It can be yours, however, the asking price is $25 million dollars. The size is 8,528 square feet or a cost of $2,931 per square foot. There are only 7 apartments on 5 floors. Do the math and you will see the problem - if this building were converted to units for sale, the cost per apartment including carrying charges would be stratospheric. Many buildings like this will often sell to one individual who will convert it to a single family home.
To the Umphenours and many among the more than 1,000 onlookers Saturday, the word “redneck” bears neither shame nor negativity.
Not every dish that I make turned out edible like any of the above, I must note. And embarrassingly, I still haven’t been able to grasp the fundamentals of cooking plain white rice. Desserts? I’m definitely a goner. In my last attempt at something sweet, I’d wasted a few eggs, cubes of cheddar, sugar, dried longan flesh, beancurd skin and some wolfberries. Among other memorable sweet failures include a carrot cake that ended up dark brown lumps of carrot shreds, crushed walnuts and pineapple cubes that resemble...I shall not elaborate further. I did consider restarting with simpler desserts like a trifle or crepe. But I’m not really interested in either, so why waste time and effort constructing such dishes, right? I’d decided that I should just stick to what I enjoy making the most – savouries. :D
Remember, I’m all for “living it up” when the time is right, just choose your battles wisely and infrequently. For example, while visiting Chicago, you and your family are looking over the menu at the infamous Giordano’s Pizza. Do you pass on the pizza with the delicious, one-of-a-kind, buttery crust and opt for the dinner salad with chicken breast instead? Hell to the naw. Cheat and retreat. Do your thing and get right back on track the rest of the weekend.
*She also keeps you distracted in all kinds of inventive ways while the actual tattooing is going on, including a soft shoe routine that I can’t possibly describe.
The Open Mind- Magic Potion
In the evening I went to the singing while Mrs Tootlepedal stayed at home as she has lost her voice. We had a guest conductor and we spent our time trying to get into the spirit of singing very old Bahamian funeral songs. It was surprisingly cheerful.
I'm surprised at how nasty some of the posts on Facebook have been about Madonna's halftime performance. Not from my real friends--you know how you accumulate those Facebook friends that you don't really know? To them I say... what exactly is your talent again?
Paul was going to learn more of this as this trip to Rome unfolded. Are you experiencing the hand of God at work in your life? Are you in the place God wants you to be at this point of time? Or are you still trying to work things out in your own strength? You cannot claim the blessings of God and answered prayer unless you are doing His work in His way.
Restaurant also serving clear soup to accompany with their dish, 2 types per day, duck with lemon is an everyday basis. Bitter cucumber with rip soup on Mon, Tue, Thu, Fri, and Sat. Hog’s maw with Chinese Preserved mustard green soup on Wed and Sun.
Superfund designations at Newtown Creek on the Queens/ Brooklyn border in October and at the Gowanus Canal last March incited panicked waves among developers and city administrators worried over the impact the label could have on growth in the city's most populous borough.
Yep! It's the night before my birthday, and Linette is my date!
before any of you get up in arms about the title (peoples gettin’ mighty sensitive lately) please know:
To be clear, none of this is to say that much of the emotion and solidarity was not genuine; most often, it was very much so. However, protests for Palestine or against Israel were also instances of populations of Arab countries projecting their own dissatisfaction in a politically “safe” way in light of the repressive nature of the regimes under which they lived.
First thing I did was check the Three Word Wednesday site. Much to my delight the words were—bloody and kinky—words that both end in a long “e” sound.
Inchcape Rock
easily condenses down to only one Law: do unto others as you would
At such times, you’re so humble you go on your knees or
Any duplicate entries that are not of a different craft will be removed from the draw.
Specialist Rodriguez
When evaluating his live performances based solely upon
Now serves- silently in stillness, but not I, I cry
It all three blog posts the request and the need is clear. The need is for greater clarity. Greater clarity in writing, greater clarity in banking policies and tools, and greater clarity of purpose in ones online presentation of themselves.
There’s a reason this film won the Golden Bear at the Berlin Film Festival and was such a critical favorite. But sadly, there’s also a reason that this film didn’t find more acclaim with mainstream audiences. I will avoid the general cynicism that is so often used when discussing American audiences and just say that I think if people viewed this not as a foreign film, not as something “snobbish” or “elitist” or “difficult”, they would enjoy it. So often we find ourselves settling for pure entertainment that we forget what it means to go to the movies. We forget how transcendent, how personal, how moving films like this can be. This film contains an emotional depth that is little seen in American cinema as of late, and it is an emotional depth I think is needed in our lives. Yes, this film may be emotionally challenging, but it is worth every tear.
That seems less likely than the pin
And his companion Roland above all men.
Leon Greco has an accident, with a brain injury as a result. A new treatment has a side effect. It increases his intelligence exponentially. So much so that he becomes of interest to the CIA, who would like him to work for them.
With beautiful pictures throughout the author invokes the sound of the seaside and I felt the hot sun on my back and could smell the salt in the air. A very atmospheric book that will have older readers remembering seaside holidays of their own childhood.
As part of the mega birthday party each year, loads of folks bring their second hand goods to the city parks, and sidewalks.
If you would like to purchase the instructions for this set, you will find the details in the right hand column. The instructions will be emailed to you as a PDF document within 48 hours.
* 1 tablespoon minced peeled fresh ginger
I hope to finish the bottom pink ruffle today after I take my grandmother to her eye doctor.
8 - Rex Griffin - The Last Letter - 3:05
My little garden has been going CRAZY lately. We've been going out for months, picking tomatoes and strawberries every 3-4 days...but just a few at a time. In my head I was adding up what I paid to plant the garden thinking, "wow. what a great deal. so far we are at about 5 bucks per strawberry."
from a distance faraway
After further abuse and inappropriate attentions from the slimy Ranjeet, Seeta finally escapes from the house and Kaushalya reports her as missing to the police. However Geeta happens to be at the local police station where she is ‘recognised’ as the missing Seeta and picked up by her ‘aunt’ and ‘uncle’.
Clearly Ronan was not going to be part of BGT in 2009 and nothing from this was ever televised.
Rant time, the second! (I really should be doing homework right now, but whatevs)
Intercom: “Welcome to McDonald’s would you like to try a Shamrock Shake?”
The Power of Knowing
in the Groom we must put our faith.
The designer unveiled hundreds of pairs of shoes that he had created over the years, saying the journey had been “emotional” for him.
Second Mountain, not far west of Hawk Mountain, has counted on 3 days of the new season so far, finding 7 birds, 3 of them Red-tailed Hawks. The other sites have all reported counts on just one day so far. Four sites reported for August 10, making it the best day of the season, both for the number of sites covered and the number of raptors seen. A total of 26 raptors were counted, of which 9 were kestrels, 6 broadwings and 4 bald eagles (all at Waggoner’s Gap).
2 tsp butter
In addition to being a miserable experience for anyone who attends, the Sampler is an embarrassment to the industry. American whiskey is an important international product and its premier events are being presented by people who would be over-matched organizing a high school prom.
I am currently dyeing half the silk and cotton fabric yardage with coffee grounds, and will be dyeing the other half with madder root later this week. Although I’ve been getting some fabulous results with the Jaquard acid dyes, I’m feeling pulled towards experimenting with plant dyes (and kitchen waste dyes) again, and hope to be able to go out and harvest fresh flowers and leaves for the dye pot too now that the weather is finally getting warmer and the rain is tapering off. The bright acid dye colors are really pretty, but the softer effects of the plant dyes are more “me,” more aligned with my personal aesthetic, I think.
2. You'll save $65.00 on registration which equals two mango mojitos, a nice Cuban dinner, and Cuban dessert at a great South Beach restaurant.
A great language student will strive to replicate this environment as completely as possible. To learn from many different sources will help you to maximize the amount of neural connections you make and retain every single day. The Japanese words and phrases that feel the most natural for me are the ones that I picked up by watching a Studio Ghibli movie or hearing in a song I really liked shortly after learning a new word.
I balance, I weave, I dodge, I frolic, and my bills are all paid. On weekends, to let off steam, I participate in full-contact origami. Years ago I discovered the meaning of life but forgot to write it down. I have made extraordinary four course meals using only a spoon and a toaster oven. I breed prizewinning clams. I have won bullfights in San Juan, cliff-diving competitions in Sri Lanka, and spelling bees at the Kremlin. I have played Hamlet, I have performed open-heart surgery, and I have spoken with Elvis. Although you shouldn’t judge me until you have taken a few steps in my flip-flops.
But then something weird happened.
Goodluck to everyone!! To see our November Release Scroll Down..
Costs of printing * £ 3.72 £ 8.02
Just a quick post today before I take my lil' girl to gymnastic.
For the past 3 years I have had the amazing opportunity to work with Jerry’s Habima Theatre in Atlanta. This is Georgia’s only theatrical company directed and produced by professionals featuring actors (aged 18 and up) with developmental disabilities. Each year, the cast presents a full-scale adaptation of a Broadway musical to sell-out audiences. Last year I assistant directed and choreographed. Several people in the cast have Asperger’s. I am not an expert on any of the developmental disabilities represented among the cast. However, what I can tell you about the actors/actresses (regardless of what they are diagnosed with) is this:
So, our fall has looked something like this:
Here follows an account of Mehrgarh by pioneer French archeologist who explored the area from time to time, and was first to excavate the Mehrgarh site. Let us now see what does world’s top most researcher on Mehrgarh say about the archeological excavations at Mehrgarh — a breakthrough that bestows a totally singular position to Indus Valley Civilisation — the first civilized, urban settlement on face of this earth.
“But–” Natalie tried to protest before Mom raised a silencing hand.
I ask Geoffrey Alderman about the evidence for his statement about declining standards. We also discuss plagiarism, cheating and the rise of essay writing services. For anyone involved in legal or other education, Professor Alderman’s discussion with me is well worth listening to. His views are robust, direct and to the point – refreshingly so.
In order to promote this dress across the SL, we will be advertising it in some of the best SL magazines. For this purpose, we are organizing a contest and the winner will be a model wearing the dress with her name on the ad.
However there are properties and then there are properties. I stated at the beginning of the book that I don’t like a lot of loose talk about “properties” and that ultimately I think that physical properties are the only kind of properties that there are. If I am going to qualify that at all (and at the end of this discussion you will be left with your own judgment to decide how far I have gone in that direction, and if too far), then I had better try to be a good deal more precise about what I mean by “formal properties.”
I actually video taped all my stash and will try to get it edited so you can see my space clean and orderly. These pictures are as it looks today... I was down in my space scrounging around and trying to put some order to it all..... =)
Yes, the paradox with which I continue to struggle as an adopted twin is this: I have spent my entire life denying biology, telling myself and others that it doesn’t matter, that my family is my family no matter what our genes reveal, or don’t reveal, on top of our skin or under it. For me, family transcends biology. I still believe that. Family transcends biology, and so do I. What I have done, what I have become, what I will do: I will myself free from the tethers of DNA. Yet, behind my confidence, my identity, my sure sense of self, is my twin, my biological other. Behind me, with me, in me, is my blood twin. Here I am, still trying to rid myself of this notion of biology, while clinging to it as if it is my lifeline, as if, without it, I would surely sink.
I still vividly recall Azim Premji, addressing us on our convocation at IIM Bangalore, two decades ago. Today, Deep is on the campus to address you. Azim, was heading Wipro, then known for consumer goods and not as much for technology. Perhaps Wipro was just of the size of MakeMyTrip today, that Deep has founded and anchored.
Reilly cut the call, sighed and placed his beer back in the fridge.
Who says I’m lonely when I’m alone?
R - I didn't set it in stone; the stars have dictated that our book must be out by Easter, prior to the end of the world. Talking of which, what was all that nonsense clip art you put on my perfectly good John Barleycorn Christmas card two weeks ago?
Not very inspiring, I know, but that’s what the iPod says.
Meal 9 – English muffin Hamburger Pizzas
In the meantime, if you do not already have your own 'heirloom' pineapple tart recipe, I welcome you to start here.
So, making fun of what I am doing with my life is, without a doubt, one of the easiest ways to piss me off.
Who didn't think twice about adding those 120 to the 100 that she already has to find sponsors for? This sister.
While I was away, my middle son Tim has completed his college courses at UNCW and has moved home in between starting his internship in Washington DC mid-January. He graduates in May with his degree in Recreation Therapy. He had a nice surprise waiting for me when I pulled into the driveway at 11PM two days before Christmas. The lighted deer and Christmas tree were in the front yard set up and glowing, attached to the Christmas lights lining the front porch my oldest son, Kerry Lee, had helped me put up during the warm spell right after Thanksgiving. Then when I came into the house I saw that Tim had set up and decorated the Christmas tree, hung the Christmas stockings for everyone including the dogs and cats, and had decorated the rest of the house as well! What a blessing!
So now, Pim, Oriana, Felix and some other characters I never mentioned because who cares, amIrite? are a rag-tag team of escapees when hark! Hark! A dragon comes out of nowhere and a horribly dubbed voice over says, “Stella. Stella. I could’ve been somebody.”
I am about as Southern as it gets. Off the boat Southern. A good 300 years of heritage in Virginia and Georgia. I am of the first generation on either side of my family to move out of the south and stay out on purpose. There are plenty of reasons I did this, and one of them is certainly the institutional racism that infects the culture down there, so much so that racist notions were casually brought up by teachers in my high school to African American students during class time and no one, not even the African American students, batted an eye. If a teacher asks you “Why do black people like grapes so much?” in a Georgia class room, it’s really not that unusual.
My parents always cooked our meals with our favorites in mind too, although at the same time they were strict in ensuring we kids got a balanced diet.
I admit, i am forever fascinated with Pappano's music and his talent for communication :-)
I don’t really know that much about Shuppet otherwise; I’ve never owned one nor encountered one in the wild…
They fit perfect in the Kitchen pass through that I like to disguise as a window and the panel is perfect for covering up the shelf beneath the microwave which is something I always wanted to do!!
John: Welcome to Twenty Four Frames, Chrystopher. Can you tell us a little about yourself professionally, your back ground?
Brock Lesnar vs. John Cena
5. The increased trend for enormous advances and bidding wars between large publishers for the most sought after writers.
● Coach travel throughout
"C'mon, Farsi? Thai? in Alabama?"
As the animal started dragging Miller into the water, Miller prayed for a miracle. He got one. “He let me go,” Miller said. “I was three feet from my life. He had me submerged up to my belt buckle. That was my miracle of the month.”
While all these examples did indeed constitute online communities, they may not quite fit the modern definition of social networking for a variety of reasons, including the limited number of social features and their integration into the communities. However, they did fulfill our three requirements for a social network: They enabled, encouraged, and facilitated User Generated Content; they were online communities; and although sharing opinions and ratings with others was not usually formalized, commenting was generally fully supported.
NV_WA0028 Word Art ~ Travel (Coming Soon)
I have been really busy with painting and creating a new web site that I have had very little tile to update the blog. I wanted to share my most recent Orientalist painting of the Zulu bride.
I set the fruit out to thaw on Friday night an on Saturday it was ready to process. After making 4 batches of peach, I set out peach juice and cherries to thaw overnight.
But musically it would have been better to think of playing a different piano part or changing the guitar part. At the time I was learning to play it I had no idea this was going to be a problem.
Anyway, today I thought I would share some crocheting and knitting today. It was my lovely friends Kim’s birthday the other week and I decided to make something, LOL. …..well I made two things actually……the first being a vintage style brooch.
I had originally wanted to make another top ten post, but these are these six blogs are the ones I find myself going to most often, and actually taking the time to read their older posts that I have missed etc. These 6 blogs have been super encouraging to me this year, and I'm sure they will be again next year. If you have the time, jump on over and check some (or all) of them out. I think you will be glad you did.
A driving school is offering its novice drivers the chance to take to the road in a Ferrari.
4.Salt - as per taste
***Three hours of beginner basics for $55.00 using your machine.
I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to use knowledge in trying to solve my resistance instead of realizing that I can only be clear when no thoughts are running in my mind and I slow down to see where I am and what has to be corrected
The baby may be named o­n the day of it's birth or later o­n the seventh day or past the seventh day, as this is what is clear after study of all the evidences from the sunnah.
Because everything has its place,
I’ll give him the best present any writer can ask for – a re-read of all his books. I’ll be celebrating another birthday at the same time, as my prized Dickens Centenary edition is 100 years old today…’
He puts his glasses back on, stares at Racine.
If you check the "funny credits" (a trademark of AEM) above, you'll see it reads "Stan Lee, Jim Shooter & Mark Gruenwald All On The West Coast", and Larry "Bud" Melman is credited for inspiration.
Google’s rivals in the field of patent and trademark publishing complained in writing about the contract. The USPTO then opened the contract to bidding ‐‐ on the condition the service be provided for free. USPTO CIO John Owens continued to push for approval of Google telling company officials in an email in December 2009, “I have quite a bit of pressure to get this deal signed.” Owens didn't explain from where that pressure was coming.
Being Human's fascination with Mitchell, and its determination to shape itself around him and his stories, was in its first two seasons the show's greatest flaw. The tormented vampire who tries to stop killing is, after all, a rather familiar and even worn trope, and unlike Angel, his obvious template, Mitchell has no mission or life goal to distract either him or us from the monotony of his core dilemma. He spends his time struggling manfully against his desire for human blood, occasionally giving in to that desire, and then beating himself up over his lapse and vowing never to fall off the wagon again (the addiction metaphor is deliberate and made quite explicit over the course of the series, but like True Blood's paralleling of vampires with homosexuals, and especially in light of how Mitchell's story concludes, the analogy is quite problematic). After the third or fourth iteration of this story the audience might be forgiven not only for feeling bored, but for wondering just why such a character--who is either an unrepentant murderer or an irredeemable monster--was still being portrayed as sympathetic and deserving of our affection.
In search of help, Marlin bumps into Dory, a naïve but good-hearted and optimistic Regal tang with short-term memory loss. While meeting self-declared vegetarian sharks Bruce, a great white shark; Anchor, a hammerhead shark; and Chum, a mako shark, Marlin discovers the diver’s mask that was dropped from the boat and notices an address written on it. However, he struggles with Dory and the mask snaps against Dory’s nose, causing a nosebleed. The scent of blood causes Bruce to lose control of himself, and he attempts to eat Marlin and Dory. Shortly after the two escape from Bruce, the mask is dropped into a trench in the deep sea. During a hazardous struggle with an anglerfish in the trench, Dory realizes she is able to read the address written on the mask, which leads to Sydney, Australia, and manages to remember it despite her short-term memory loss. After receiving directions from a large school of moonfish, Marlin and Dory set out to find Sydney. After a struggle with jellyfish that nearly sting Dory and him to death, Marlin is recovered by a surf-cultured sea turtle named Crush, who takes Dory and him on the East Australian Current. Marlin thinks Dory is dead and blames himself, but she makes a full recovery as well. In the current, Marlin reluctantly shares the details of his journey with a group of young sea turtles, and his story spreads rapidly across the ocean through word of mouth and eventually reaches Nemo in Sydney.
She refused to eat more than a few bites a day. She left food all over the house That She Didn't Eat.
The image is from Pretty Vintage.
When I watch hockey, I knit. The two go together like peanut butter and jelly, like vanilla ice cream and Hershey’s chocolate syrup, like hamburgers and French fries. Why am I suddenly hungry? LOL But knitting while watching hockey requires the knitting to be of the mindless sort, something that doesn’t require concentration or much attention. The action in hockey is pretty non-stop, which is very different from, say, football in which a play is run, then there is a break in the action before the next play. In hockey, the action stops only if the puck goes out of play, a goal is scored, a penalty occurs, the goalie loses his mask, the net is knock off its moorings, or a fight breaks out. And for those of you who think that there is a lot of fighting in hockey, um, NO. The number of fights in NHL games has been dropping dramatically and will probably continue to do so. The teams are so competitive now that they don’t have room on their rosters for fighting specialists. I am hopeful that the NHL is moving toward banning fighting. Oh, I enjoy a good hockey fight as much as the next fan, but I really don’t think fighting belongs in the sport. The “benefits” of fighting are far outweighed by the detriments, in my opinion.
General Orders 66, W.D., 1919
Wind fluttered outside the now-hidden bower,
4 commands
Hip hip hooray! or When’s it gonna die?
When I look at other people’s pages and see 300+ “friends” I wonder if I am a misfit in today’s society. It wouldn’t surprise me you see I’ve always been some sort of misfit! I had a tough time in school, I was not a “smoker”, a “jock” or “didn’t date a jock”, was over-weight and got fairly decent grades. I still feel that my best attributes are honesty and integrity.
I know, I know! More flowers? haha Well, they are popular in the Adkins house. ;-) There happens to be one silly little 2 year old that loves these ones! And I've been getting asked a lot how I make them.
Sunday's first Texas Barbecue Festival turned out to be a victim of its own success. Owing to good promotion and beautiful weather, the normally-docile Farmer's Market was jam-packed. Meanwhile, the surrounding streets were crawling with gas-sucking land yachts clumsiliy trying to navigate their way around pedestrians.
FG=1.010@74F
Just like his brother, Trammel turns out to be only too happy to rub Dominique's face in her failures. Pointing the finger of blame at her for her shady past, her abusive marriage and the current problems with her children, he challenges Dominique to remain the calm, evolved person she desperately wants to be.
Of course everyone knows about Aztecs and Incas, the Iriquois and the Mayans. But not many of us fully realize just how advanced, and how “civilized” in the European sense, these and many other vanished cultures were.
More true crime on campus
The next morning I’m a little better again, but Libriumia has relapsed. She has also had a spider bite on her hand, and three fingers have blown up like balloons. We get the doctor out. She says we are probably run down. She sends off some samples as well. Keep going is her only advice. At least the baby seems OK, but she is so skinny, and I still feel I’m having to force down the feeds.
NYC Assembly and Senate Delegations
But for now..I will be here when you call
I think this is exactly what applies to having a character be “universal.” In other words–you can just say “I’m going to write a universal character!” but rather that what you have to do is write a character that is so true to him- or herself and so realistic that people will then recognize themselves (or at least aspects of themselves) in that character–thereby creating the universality.
We serve a truly faithful God. There is none like Him; none so patient, so unchanging, so holy. He is all-knowing and all-seeing; He knows every thought and every motive of the heart…He sees our wickedness for what it truly is, and He loves us enough to walk through our transformation with us…for just as in breaking any addiction, do we struggle.
Take breaks
Margarett Manlick 19
The bill will require Barack Obama, or any candidate seeking to be on the Arizona ballot, to certify eligibility for the office they are seeking. This will essentially require Barack Obama to certify his eligibility if he wants to be on the ballot this year in Arizona. This could potentially be a game-changing piece of legislation.
Eric Bompard's silk polka-dot shirt (E95) will be perfect with navy pants, my denim pencil skirt, or even jeans. Pretty and polite; if you have good legs, wear it with shorts.
So it was that WACAP contacted "Debbie", the adoptive mother of one of the "Journey of Hope" girls, and asked if they would be agreeable to a visit by their daughter's biological Uncle in their home. Of course this came as a huge shock to Debbie and her husband, who could not understand how the people described in their daughter's adoption paperwork as being too poor to care for their daughter were now suddenly able to afford to fly to the U.S. and tour around with their daughter's orphanage director. They were angry, confused and very frustrated as the realization came to them that they had been deceived by the orphanage to begin with. They informed WACAP that they felt very uncomfortable with the situation, and WACAP informed Director Pei that Debbie and the other families were not welcoming of his proposal.
I’ve been a keen photographer for many years, but until recently I had never had any success in photographing lightning. I also very rarely see lightning storms, so I hadn’t had much opportunity. Recently though, a storm was floating around Lyme Bay that I managed to capture. I thought I might share a few tips with you to help you capture some lightning for yourself.
"Black is back-Her Majesty's favorite spy is off to Scotland in this new adventure to ensure the Queen doesn't end up getting killed. When Queen Victoria attends a séance, the spirit of her departed husband, Prince Albert, insists she spend Christmas at their Scottish home in Balmoral. Prime Minister Disraeli suspects the Scottish nationalists plan to assassinate the Queen-and sends the ever resourceful India and the handsome British spy, French, to the Scottish highlands. French will take the high road, looking for a traitor among the guests-and India will take the low road, disguised as a servant in case an assassin is hiding among the household staff. India is certain that someone at Balmoral is determined to make this Her Majesty's last Christmas..."
The Thornbury Theatre is the venue for the show with dinner and show or show only deals available. This is a beautiful venue perfectly suited to The Beer Diva’s relaxed and intimate style and should provide a stylish backdrop to what is a fun and engaging evening billed by its creator as ‘part theatre, part sensory indulgence’.
But I guess these are the questions:
Ballast Point actually started out as a homebrew shop in 1992, and only fours years later they installed major scale brewing equipment. The homebrew shop is still open, and they have opened another brewing location to try and keep up with thirsty consumers. I am pretty happy to finally have acquired a bottle this beer after a very long wait. Their last release was just a few weeks ago, and they only released 30 cases of this beer.
2. It takes approximately 45 seconds to assemble.
I’ve been so sick lately…anybody else dealing with miserable allergies this year? It’s impossible! Does global warming cause pollen counts to rise?
And last, but never least, this little freckled boy (he has the cutest little freckles over his nose) finally had a 'big tooth' break through. He will not be toothless much longer (and, ironically, the orthodontist called me out of the blue yesterday and asked me if he had stopped sucking his thumb yet - - it's like they KNOW. HAHA!). :)
“The Anabaptists spoke of corporate discipleship, but they emphasized Christ. Christ was the centerpiece. The Anabaptists were loyal only to Christ, and out of that naturally grew corporate discipleship and loyalty to one another. The Anabaptists did not write about loyalty to the church, loyalty to the brotherhood, or loyalty to God-ordained leaders. They did not make two commitments, one to the head and one to the body. Their unconditional commitment to Christ made all other commitments conditional.”*
04 Surfin' Safari
Membranes in between the lobes of a succenturiate placenta can be torn during delivery resulting to massive blood loss. The small lobes can be retained in the uterus after delivery that could lead to severe maternal hemorrhage. This can be detected on inspection of the placenta at birth, where it appears torn at the edge. The remaining lobes must be removed from the uterus manually to prevent bleeding.
Let me now read to you from page 16 of the Housing Handbook given to us by my wife’s employer…
Martin DeMeo, 47, Farmingville, N.Y.
but don't write that
Apparently even childless people can have wicked awesome parental instincts.
Just shy of 14, while at a mission’s retreat, I was encouraged to seek God for His direction of the future. God whispered into my uncertain spirit “Africa,” with the focus on a country that started with a specific letter, “Z.”
If you have never been in a serious spiritual friendship before, and your own sense of spiritual life and experience seems thin, then you probably have little spiritual self-confidence and much vulnerability in approaching such a relationship.
They're awesome because you can dress them up or keep them casual.
I'm sure you all have seen all of the Altered Paper Shoes out there! I love them! If you haven't~ Google "Paper Shoes"~ there are even tons of video tutorials. I got my inspiration through thumbing through Stampington & Company's Marie's publication from April 2009. I loved Sherry Murphy, Rebecca Stohlman & Connie Stuart's altered paper shoes!
*2 cloves garlic
Another whimper from Dora served only to underline their plight. Not much chance of any support from that quarter, then. At least Taslin was distracted for a moment; some of the uncanny warmth came back to her voice as she said, "Are you alright?"
Indeed, it might be asked whether he was a hero at all.
If you've been making Halloween cards with a black cat and you've been coloring in your cats solid black and they just don't look right then this may help. The secret is to color it with grays, not black. To understand the difference between shades of gray you might want to look at this older post about coloring black things.
I have been thinking about this a lot this week.
I really love the Muppets and it’s always a happy time when there is a movie with them.
* “Stand firm against him, and be strong in your faith.” (1 Peter 5:9 NLT)
In the 26th century, the expanding Draconian Empire came into contact with the Earth Empire. A misunderstanding during first contact led to the destruction of a Draconian vessel and a brief but devastating war, which ended with the signing of a peace treaty.
The Hebrew writer cited seven passages to bolster his argument that Jesus is superior to the angels. He began the polemic by citing Ps. 2:7, “For to which of the angels did God ever say, ‘You are my Son; today I have begotten you’?” (Heb. 1:5a). Perhaps the author intended a bit of irony since angels were collectively referred to as “sons of God” on a number of occasions.[24] The argument, however, is that while the angels (plural) may have been referred to as sons, no angel (singular) was ever referred to as Son. That position is reserved for Jesus alone.
Davis has a point. He and Beason have been top-notch linebackers in the past. Edwards was brought in as a free agent last year and the hope was he would solidify the middle of the defensive line. That didn’t work out as Edwards was injured early in the preseason. Davis and Beason went down early in the regular season.
What is of significance is how those who should have known better, those who's job it is to protect, teach or inform society dealt with her allegations, and what their motives were for doing so. To those people, the ones who exploited the lies of a mad woman for their own ends and for the sake of a political ideology, I will not extend the same right of anonymity.
We had some great down time.
-brogue kick is teased but Bryan is in the ropes to avoid.
02
The reason this prayer, which we term “The Our Father”, is so important is because it is foundational to establishing the appropriate spiritual attitude of faith which underlies our ability to serve Him as His Children and fully committed disciples. That is why many have stated that this prayer really ought to have been named “The Disciples Prayer”.
I hope everyone will embrace the change (i know switching URLs is such a pain - sorry!), and I appreciate those who stop by to read Dress, Design & Decor daily (which will remain online so you can look back whenever you want). I will try to make the switch for Google Reader subscribers easy with no effort on your part, and the same for those subscribed by email. I kindly ask those who have my blog linked on their sites to update the name and URL when you get a chance. It's much appreciated! I will be switching everything over within the next few days, so please excuse any technical mishaps.
September 14 DC 9 - Washington, DC
Wunderlist: This is a TO DO app. There are a lot on the market, but here is WHY I like it. I’ll list my needs and how this app helps me with them.
They're great. They're huge--Vincent at six weeks of age, if he's still growing like he was a few days ago now weighs 13 pounds. That's the same weight an "average" Borzoi pup weighs at 8. Apparently we're growing monsters here. Or moose. Moosi. Mooses. Moice. Whatever.
I have been looking forward to Boulevard's Rye on Rye coming out since I first saw the barrels marked "Rye" in the barrel room at the brewery. As regular readers here know, I love rye beers and I really wish every brewery made one. Having the hometown brewery make a rye beer is just the sort of thing that makes me happy. Having the hometown brewery give me a bottle before they release it was reason enough to dust off the Lido Deck bar deep in the bowels of la manse du Vard and invite people over.
Give you one guess.
Another way the museum provides opportunities to Wisconsin residents is by giving them the chance to see Wisconsin artists represented in the collections. Panczenko talks of Milwaukee-born artist John Wilde’s contributions to magic realism, an important artistic style of the 1940s. Many works from this movement are found in one gallery.
In a bowl, mix together ricotta cheese and chopped basil. Set aside.
by Vivian Arend
Crazy – I am a little bit silly and have strange ideas… my fiance thinks I should write down all my dreams and nightmares because they would make for an amazing movie.
Third Phase "Adjustment or at-ease Phase."
The last 200 hours have witnessed a tumultuous turn of events in the case.
One adviser whispered into his ears. King Ajit smiled. “Okay then, we shall do what you have suggested.”
The Road to Christmas (Not for Children)... LMN ... 10 PM
I think my rating was a 5 or a 6.
OK - My projects in no particular order!! I think I may just have more than 6 I can't narrow it down rofl!
Only $4,800. (Ugh)
2. What is your dream job?
The fifth Marquess of Salisbury wrote to Viscount Swinton in 1954: “I should not be satisfied with the legislation which you suggest. I feel that it would only be tinkering with what is really becoming a fundamental problem for us all, though it is only beginning to push its ugly head above the surface of politics. The figures which we have been given make it clear that we are faced with a problem which, though at present it may be only a cloud the size of a man’s hand, may easily come to fill the whole political horizon …With each year that passes, and with the general improvement with methods of transportation, the flow increases. Indeed, if something is not done to check it now, I should not be at all surprised if the problem became quite unmanageable in twenty or thirty-years time. We might well be faced with very much the same type of appalling issue that is now causing such great difficulties for the United States.”
Shoes: Naturalizer
and God’s Sovereignty seems like a foe
We always make it a point to visit Antoine’s on St. Louis Street. The grace & elegance, impeccable service, incredible food… a welcome respite from the chaos & crowds of the Quarter any evening of the week. The oldest family-run restaurant in the U.S., established in 1840, Antoine’s does require gentlemen to dress in coat & tie. Thank you, Antoine’s!
Oh, Lord, please don't let me be misunderstood.
Melt the butter in a large heavy pot (I use my Dutch oven) over medium heat. Add the squash, apple, sweet potatoes, onion, shallot, and celery and cook over medium heat for about 5 minutes, stirring frequently. When the onions are softened, add enough stock to cover all of the vegetables. Put the lid on, but make sure it's vented -- I put mine on diagonally to allow steam to escape. Lower the heat a bit and simmer until all the vegetables are tender -- 30 to 40 minutes.
This is a Buell, the engine has it roots in the Harley but the rest is sport bike. I think it's a lot like buying a spinning wheel or even a car. You need to feel comfortable and it needs to fit you. This fits me and it very comfortable with my body size. I know what you are thinking, they're so dangerous and if this was a BB gun it would be "you'll shoot your eye out".
I’ve also picked up motorbiking. And I love it. I adapted to Hanoi traffic quite quick, and even made it to the city center where there are as much motorbikes as there are bikes in Amsterdam. It is more fun outside the cities though, through paddy-rice fields and along the rivers.
Church with my in-laws followed by a gift from our childrens group and a bouquet of flowers from a Scarlet sister.
So next week, we’ll have a winner! Who do you think it’ll be?
Kerri Healy King for bringing me some beach camp sand!
As for how I danced, from what I felt like, there was a 50/50 good-bad ratio through out what seemed to be endless heats. The early heats were rough for me, fear, nerves and sheer terror, took its tool. My legs were shaking so much I stumbled on the easiest of moves. I was taking my victories where I could, remembering the saying about when you go on the competition floor you only keep half of the dance you have in practice and thinking I’d only kept about 25%.
1. They’re called Cinemas
Today I'm especially grateful for spring. It is and always has been my favorite season. Even though we had an unusually warm winter, it was still brown and colorless. I love, love, love the colors and smells of spring, and the way everything comes back to life. It's hard to stay depressed when everywhere you look is color and life.
Here is Bronson and Eric playing in the water at the Gateway. At first Bronson didn't want anything to do with the water (that was after he looked in a hole and the water got his eye) but when it was time to go, he was really enjoying himself.
I will say I've been experimenting with my coloring a bit more and had a lot of fun with both these images this week. If your mojo isn't chomping at the bit to get started yet, click on over to the SAS4K blog and see what my teamies were up to and get your creative juices flowin'!
(The Beatles)
I've dreamed about this since I was a little girl - Chanel
first place!
Obviously, all of the pain and joint stiffness has impacted my ability to create art and blog about it - so I've sort of just been doing the bare minimum...meeting my obligations and other than that, just taking time off to take care of myself, because I haven't really been able to do much more than that. I won't sugar-coat it...it's been very disheartening and downright depressing at times, not being able to do the things I want to be able to do or feel I should be able to do.
Notice the gnarly looking area where the clouds at the right being pushed and the dark to light are more contrast into vertical up and down. Well this is a satellite image of exactly the direct result of a ARM site in the far south Indian Ocean with cloud movement away from the blast site. Now what happens with incoming cloud formations? We see them stacking moving away, seems just as likely as the stacking will take place when cloud water vapor is moving towards the radar microwave sites causing mega storms to appear out of thin air. Mega storms with highly excited atoms of H2O2, with updrafts, downdrafts, rotation all easily made into the clouds!http://naturalrain.wordpress.com/2012/04/01/antipodesorographicallyglobal-atmosphere-watch/
Maybe I just feel bad for Death, because everyone is scared of the Death card, but all it really represents is an ending, and a beginning. Things have to end before new things can begin, and for some reason we seem to forget that in order to start over, you have to end. You have to die, if we are taking the analogy all the way. We need Death.
I expect a lot of solitude at the residency too, which I love. I'm taking my big camera, my flip video and a laptop and expect that those things will keep me entertained. That along with painting and writing. I live in my colors and wordplay.
Scarlet Spider/Spider-Clone- It sucked, people hated it, it went away.
And then, there’s international growth. Ghosn, who’s French-Brazilian and grew up in Japan, hopes to take Levo League global. “I think we’re going to have massive opportunity, and I’m really excited to do that,” she says.
'That's because I have always known about your flaw, so I planted flower seeds on your side of the path, and every day while we walk back, you water them.'
I just sprayed two sheets of phyllo with canola oil, put on about 2 T of the same filling I make for Lasagna (including the carrot and greens), and folded them up, occasionally spraying with oil as I folded.
Africa has also given celebrities and politicians power based on their confessed concern for the continent. Sir Bob Geldof, ex-singer with the Boomtown Rats and Bono, the lead singer of U2, are the self-proclaimed champions of Africa. Geldolf has described himself as “Mr Africa”.
“If you remain in my word, you will truly be my disciples,
It has been almost 3 months (lets see, I hurt ol zombie foot in May, it is now August) so my foot is warped back and twisted so it won’t sit flat and I roll a little to the right, but what the hell, I wanted to go over in that direction anyways, I swear. No specialist yet. Not for another month or so but at least I am walking. Watch me go!
One of the main advantages of The O technology, is that you don't experience those shuffling lines along the walls that you would normally get in galleries, as everyone lines up to read the (tiny) information card and then shuffles on past the artwork itself. At MONA, people tend to roam organically, reading information on The O in the middle of the galleries and then wandering over for a closer look at the artwork itself.
This was my first major purchase in forever and it felt so good to play with new stamps today!
I wrote some lines once on a time
In regards to the script, there were a few nice turns that I didn’t expect and it moved the story forward nicely. For a fun action you should check it out and here are a few more reasons:
And then to top it all off....I burned all of the curl out of my hair!
Starting in the late 1600s & throughout the 1700s significant numbers of the poorer proto Afrikaans speaking members of the Cape began to trek out of the Western Cape & inland becoming pastoralists in an attempt at escaping the autocratic rule of the VOC & to find better grazing land. The term Trekboer was used to describe these nomadic frontier folk as they were essentially migrating or trekking farmers who began occupying the northern & eastern Cape frontiers & were already quite distinct from the urbane inhabitants of the Western Cape who were often referred to as the Cape Dutch. Over time the term Trekboer was shortened to Boer to describe the frontier folk who were markedly independence oriented & would later have their first freedom struggle against the Dutch power in 1795.
“Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.” –Martin Luther King, Jr.
Plus, I kinda think I caught Khartoum. The other day I was all vomitey and hurtey, but they still made me workey because I'm still poorey....So naturally I assumed I had spinal menengitis (because what else could it be!?) But then I remembered that I was on yet another "lose weight and be healthy kick" that included doing this workout video from that snotty biatch who trains Madonna and Gweneth Paltrow and she made me do what appeared to be 2,368 crunches with your hands behind your neck (which in Michel's exercise world means your neck is gonna hurt) -- SOOO, I figured that maybe it might not be menengitis.
And I just want to take this moment to point out that these ‘little things in life’ tidbits aren’t about the lovely things in general, but more so the small things that sometimes peope don’t stop to notice.
Oscar Wilde said that a cynic is a man who knows the price of everything, and the value of nothing. With this cynicism-free act, you've demonstrated that a gesture can be worth tenfold the value of any goods that it contains. I'm drinking the Racer 5 now, and am happy to report that it's bringing me a huge amount of pleasure, not just by being a good beer, but also in the spirit in which it was given.
The good thing about having your own car is, if I am out and I have an attack of the mentals or anxiety or whatever I can get in my safe little car and drive home, when ever I like.
Lifespan: 9+ months
2 T extra virgin olive oil
Joseph doesn’t try to be like anyone, nor does he compare himself to anyone who may have died for the faith, or one who prays more hours a day than he did. Nowhere does it say he asked God to show him his plan for his life. Nor did Joseph aspire to be a politician so he could save his nation from communism. He did not run off to attend a seminary to earn degrees so he could be called reverend.
So Pat got offered to guest post here. But that is not going to come due I fear. For Pat is too boring and would have you all snoring. He wanted to talk about taxes which would probably make you want to murder him with pitchforks and axes. So the cat will save the human once more and
I met both of these men at a time when I had just ended a bad relationship with the man who was my first. At the time, I was broken. I foolishly thought that I would “play these guys like they play us”; that I would teach them lessons. Yet, I’m the one who’s learned the most from them. Today, I can say that I’m not the same girl I was at 21 (in many ways). I’ve been down, up, down, and up again… but I’m not the same. And it’s in part because of what these men have taught me – good and bad. They’ve shaped my thoughts on men and they’ve made it harder for the next guy – not because he has to compete with them (clearly I’m not with either man for a reason) – but because they both showed me that I deserve, want, and need so much more.
and let the world come flooding in
Let's see you play with:
Slice or separate chevre into 24 portions.
In spite of rain falling and a slight negative wind, Bolt did just that, as at the gun Bolt took off as if he was running 100 meters! He made up the stagger on US 200 champion Shawn Crawford, and ran through the line a la Beijing. The result - 19.59, just behind Tyson Gay's world leading 19.58. The first time in history that two men have had 19.5 clockings! This of course has sent message boards crazy! With calls of Bolt being alien; ready for 19.1; and Tyson Gay having no chance against the Olympic champion - in short the type of talk that precludes a showdown that the sport sorely needs!
They then drove him to the town center where he was made to wear a sign naming him as a thief. He was paraded in front of startled shoppers before being taking 350 yards to the police station, where he was arrested on suspicion of theft.
Siobhan Harvey / Paula Green: Crosswinds & Sonja Yelich: Clung / 117-18
I am complying with yesterday’s request from Miss G for a van for V week at preschool. It didn’t seem all that exciting to me, but if she’ll eat it I’m in. She gets a Rudi’s whole grain van with Veggy brand vegan cheese VAN letters and a window. Below the van is a road made of what my mom used to call “ants on a log”, celery with Justin’s Almond Butter and raisins on top. Above the van are cashews and homegrown cherry tomatoes. At the top right are watermelon flowers and on the bottom right are mango flowers in her Easy Lunch Box.
But I digress. What I wanted to say was that there was no stress at all in sitting side by side with the man who fathered my children and it was lovely to be able to both be there with no anxiety or anger so our son could enjoy his night with both of us. It was the first of many occasions where we'll need to share space for our children's best interests so it's nice to know that we can not only do it but actually enjoy the moment together. But the conversation with Sidekick and the way he behaved showed me that whilst I didn't go about it so well, I certainly made the right choice in leaving. Life's glass will always be half empty for him and I could no longer live with someone like that. It dragged me down.
coriander powder 1 tbsp
"I have a Vita-Mix blender and use it to make a 'liquid salad' for lunch and dinner. I wash, cut and toss into the Vita-Mix: half an apple, a carrot and greens of choice (usually a big handful of broccoli florets, parsley and cilantro) and maybe also spinach, Brussels sprouts, celery and kale. Add a little water and blend it up."
February 23, 2012
Firstly, I was really irritated by the language and style. There were, strewn very haphazardly, such infantile words straight from teenage “slang” like craptacular, etc.. Happened maybe 4-5 times and pulled me straight out of the book, because none of the people had that age, and the terms were without good effect either. Really enervating was the “queer/queeny” talk between the two men who at times sounded either like two tattling teenager girls (!) or like two old female cronies, but not like men and if anyone called me ookie-snookums etc. as often as these people called themselves totally idiotic endearments (practically once every sentence) I’d pull a machine gun at one point and let rip, just to shut this up…
Step 1: find a onesie or t-shirt to use
Master said this could take a while, since He was going to give me my age with the toys, I suggested that maybe each decade might be better for some of time, that gave Him a chuckle.
Saturday July 16 from 10am - Noon.
This is not the only fall beer released by Brooklyn Brewery as Post Road Pumpkin Ale is also released during this season. I didn’t want to overdose on pumpkin so I decided to stick with only the two that I had. This beer had a small white head that dissipated quickly. It pours a very pretty reddish brown. The aroma was faintly malty and hop-like but pretty basic. There wasn’t a ton of flavor and I found this beer to be a bit too simple. There was a slight lingering hop taste but nothing too special.
6. Take one day a week as a complete recovery day, to refuel and regenerate (that means no email, no phone calls and zero work). You need full recovery one day a week otherwise you’ll start depleting your capabilities.
So we started taking the younger one to day care first, and then crossing
The apostle had just delivered the message from the Lord to all those on that ill-fated vessel and reported that none of them would die but that they would be cast upon a designated island, that of God’s own choice. Now look at verse 27: “But when the fourteenth night was come, as we were driven up and down the Adria, about midnight the shipmen deemed that they drew near to some country.”
This was going to be an epic blow-up.
In short, it’s focused entirely and exclusively on the “collision point” (to steal a phrase from Ralph Lauren – more on that later) of the two worlds in which I work; fashion and technology.
I just scored major books from the Barnes and Noble
interests.
Well there are a number of contributing factors as to why I’m keeping a blog. I love sharing things that I love with people and love learning about what other people love. I truly believe that taking a piece of someone’s unique life that you particularly find interesting and being able to incorporate it in some twisted way into your own life is what makes for super awesome people. That’s just my philosophy. Another reason is a dear friend of mine, and fellow blogger Taylor suggested I do so. I love her. We will be roomies again pretty soon (Lord willing). Hopefully in a few short months I’ll be picking up and moving to Nashville, Tennessee. Granted I find a job. But that is a whole other pile of glitter to jump into.
"Morning"
My topic I’ve researched the most right now? Rationing and blackouts and the air war. You would think rationing wouldn’t be so intriguing, but I’m a foodie. So anything to do with recipes and its like Doug from Up. Research, research, SQUIRREL!
Yesterday I went to the Student Involvement Center to get my wristband and check out what’s happening at UND. I was particularly interested in what the graduate students could get involved in. Greek life seems to be a big thing at UND, as it should be. Other opportunities that caught my eye were all of the interest-based organizations ranging from cycling to knitting. I had no idea the extent of organizations in Grand Forks. I am looking forward to getting more involved with the judicial branch of Student Government, as well as the Young Professional group in Grand Forks. This was an enjoyable wristband to obtain!
Secondly, the Not For Sale Academy World Tour will be in London, Ontario on March 25th. This event includes a main workshop and three training sessions highlighting Free2work, Social Enterprises, and Faith Based Activism. Information on attending is on the Hope For The Sold website: Cost is $20/person in advance or $25/person at the door. For tickets contact Jennelle or Ziggy Duerksen at 905-685-4062 or duerksensigried@aol.com. Half an hour will be allotted for BYO supper. The rating for this event is G – suitable for all.
I received a phone call from the realtor on Saturday about the house. What she had to say was very positive. We had a great conversation, and I said I would be more than willing to work with her. I tried to explain I am not a bad guy I just wasn't being told anything by Angela, so I was left to assume.
The candles too dear to waste in burning
THE conscious and intelligent manipulation of the organized habits and opinions of the masses is an important element in democratic society. Those who manipulate this unseen mechanism of society constitute an invisible government which is the true ruling power of our country. We are governed, our minds are molded, our tastes formed, our ideas suggested, largely by men we have never heard of. This is a logical result of the way in which our democratic society is organized. Vast numbers of human beings must cooperate in this manner if they are to live together as a smoothly functioning society. Our invisible governors are, in many cases, unaware of the identity of their fellow members in the inner cabinet. They govern us by their qualities of natural leadership, their ability to supply needed ideas and by their key position in the social structure. Whatever attitude one chooses to take toward this condition, it remains a fact that in almost every act of our daily lives, whether in the sphere of politics or business, in our social conduct or our ethical thinking, we are dominated by the relatively small number of persons—a trifling fraction of our hundred and twenty million—who understand the mental processes and social patterns of the masses. It is they who pull the wires which control the public mind, who harness old social forces and contrive new ways to bind and guide the world. It is not usually realized how necessary these invisible governors are to the orderly functioning of our group life. In theory, every citizen may vote for whom he pleases. Our Constitution does not envisage political parties as part of the mechanism of government, and its framers seem not to have pictured to themselves the existence in our national politics of anything like the modern political machine. But the American voters soon found that without organization and direction their individual votes, cast, perhaps, for dozens or hundreds of candidates, would produce nothing but confusion. Invisible government, in the shape of rudimentary political parties, arose almost overnight. Ever since then we have agreed, for the sake of simplicity and practicality, that party machines should narrow down the field of choice to two candidates, or at most three or four. In theory, every citizen makes up his mind on public questions and matters of private conduct. In practice, if all men had to study for themselves the abstruse economic, political, and ethical data involved in every question, they would find it impossible to come to a conclusion about anything. We have voluntarily agreed to let an invisible government sift the data and high-spot the outstanding issues so that our field of choice shall be narrowed to practical proportions. From our leaders and the media they use to reach the public, we accept the evidence and the demarcation of issues bearing upon public questions; from some ethical teacher, be it a minister, a favorite essayist, or merely prevailing opinion, we accept a standardized code of social conduct to which we conform most of the time. In theory, everybody buys the best and cheapest commodities offered him on the market. In practice, if every one went around pricing, and chemically testing before purchasing, the dozens of soaps or fabrics or brands of bread which are for sale, economic life would become hopelessly jammed. To avoid such confusion, society consents to have its choice narrowed to ideas and objects brought to its attention through propaganda of all kinds. There is consequently a vast and continuous effort going on to capture our minds in the interest of some policy or commodity or idea. It might be better to have, instead of propaganda and special pleading, committees of wise men who would choose our rulers, dictate our conduct, private and public, and decide upon the best types of clothes for us to wear and the best kinds of food for us to eat. But we have chosen the opposite method, that of open competition. We must find a way to make free competition function with reasonable smoothness. To achieve this society has consented to permit free competition to be organized by leadership and propaganda. Some of the phenomena of this process are criticized—the manipulation of news, the inflation of personality, and the general ballyhoo by which politicians and commercial products and social ideas are brought to the consciousness of the masses. The instruments by which public opinion is organized and focused may be misused. But such organization and focusing are necessary to orderly life. As civilization has become more complex, and as the need for invisible government has been increas ingly demonstrated, the technical means have been invented and developed by which opinion may be regimented. With the printing press and the newspaper, the railroad, the telephone, telegraph, radio and airplanes, ideas can be spread rapidly and even instantaneously over the whole of America. H. G. Wells senses the vast potentialities of these inventions when he writes in the New York Times:
So, as you seek to complicate your hero’s life in Act Two, ensure that everything you throw at them arises from and relates to their innermost desire, and you’ll build a stronger and more focused story.
To High Command of Army Group B, Ia
Here's the quote:
New tennis balls? Because on his morning walk he chased balls I hit with my tennis racket. Binned along with the tennis racket. And the dog walking shoes and the poop scoop and plastic bag collection. Because there will be no more morning walks.
Love that spring is closing up,
Apart from the ghostly testimony, there was plenty of circumstantial evidence to convict the murderers. Clerk’s wife had been seen wearing Davies’ ring; after the murder Clerk had become suddenly rich. And a number of the Camerons later claimed to have witnessed the murder itself, at sunset, from a hollow on top of the hill: they never volunteered an explanation of what they themselves had been doing up there – doubtless engaged in the illicit business of smuggling gold from Cluny to the Prince.
The Give It Away Challenge. I think perhaps I'll participate and try to find a way to give something away without replacing it. Go ahead, leave me a compliment in the comment section. Perhaps I'll be generous! :)
We live in a small fishing village and every year we have a "Blessing of the Fleet" festival. When we had had them about a year, the kids school (I know, they went to school back in the day) had a "Blessing of the Pets" day and Father gave our guinea pigs the shower of a higher spirit.
- Herman Marqui: saxophone alto
Everyone waves to the workers
Sunday morning I got up at about 6:30, got coffee from the lobby, and ate my English muffin with AB and jam in my bed. The race didn't start until 9. Around 8:15 I headed out to do my warm-up, stopping back at the hotel for a final potty stop before going to my corral (yellow). It was extremely crowded, as always. The weather was cool but not very, so it was easy to ditch my Goodwill sweatshirt.
“Just fuck off Tony, OK?”
That’s It! Creative Services is proud to announce our FREE LOGO contest! We will design a professional logo for the small business of your choice at no charge. Certainly you know a small business that deserves to win a FREE LOGO right?
They also ran this poem about the Madison Square tree:
I have chosen this adorable little image by Lili of the Valley called Bunny Cupcakes given to me by my love friend Elaine, thank you sweetie, I adore these little bunnies, well actually I adore most of the lili of the valley stamps, haha.
I read a prayer a few Sundays ago in church which sums it up for me:
He wakes up really early on fun days, like today. He jumps out of bed ready to go, and ready to talk. He's a party waiting to happen on any given day, but his birthday is definitely the best day of the year for him. This kid loves to celebrate! (He comes by that honestly.)
But today I had a bad day. It started out well, but went downhill when Pierce only napped for an hour instead of two this afternoon. This boy needs a lot of sleep and when he doesn't get it, it makes him cranky. He wouldn't go back down, and I thought he would, so after I got him calmed down, I went to bed myself, only to be woken up not much after I went to bed. He was whiney and I was exhausted, which is a bad mixture for me.
"The War of the Roses".
This fun design by JADa Vision Store of coloring pencils creates a wonderful abstract pattern. This would be great for a school bag or just to carry your stuff around!
Because I was recovering so well, my doctor was able to release both Sariah and I within 24 hours after delivery. We were anxious to be able to get home and be with our family. Hospitals are just not that comfortable to stay in. My mom was able to meet us at the hospital just before we were released. She was able to help us pack things up and get ready to go home. We dressed Sariah in a pink sleeper that said "LOVE" and left her purple bow in that Dad picked out. I forgot how little newborns are! She looked so darn cute in her outfit and we couldn't wait to bring her home!
Of course the people objecting most loudly wish the Assembly didn't employ anyone at all, and contracted the work out to private companies in which they own shares, the fact that this will cost us taxpayers more is neither here nor there.
You were there through it all
It’s no wonder the man has the reputation I didn’t know he had—or that the quote at the top of this post belongs to him.
I keep hearing that one part
Stamps: Laura Flower Girl (Elphine House Australia)
I achieved the hot air balloon on the paper by reloading the patterned paper into the printer and then printing the digi on top, I really love this method because it means less colouring and it fits your project perfectly!
Before the potential amendment makes it to a statewide ballot, the Colorado Progressive Coalition, the body heading up its support, must collect a minimum of 87,000 signatures — which could cost $200,000 or more, CPC economic justice director Corrine Fowler says. Now that the effort’s language has been cemented, the coalition is gathering volunteers and paid representatives to launch its signature drive.
And I am still not quite finished with prizes, because as this is a special month for us, this months Top 3 challenge entrants will also receive a little prize rather like this which I have put together...........
Noah is not really a fan of the Boppy. A lot of this has to do with the fact that our bed is a queen and the Boppy takes up a good chunk of the middle. You know, that part of the bed that if you are bed hoggers, is a very coveted part of the bed. Well, both Noah and I are bed hogs but since Boppy has joined us, Noah’s section of the bed has drastically decreased in size.
Thank you Sara for these precious moments back in the art room. I never would have gone there without you.
at ease in the moment
ELF Complexion Perfection Powder
I hate bad courier drivers. I had a parcel ‘delivered’ to my mailbox today. It was actually left on top of my mailbox, in plain sight of everyone – addressed to somewhere two streets away, and didn’t even have the same street number as me! The signature sticker had also been ripped out. The only conclusion I can draw from that is that some Fastway courier driver, lost or just plain couldn’t be fucked, decided to leave the parcel on top of a stranger’s mailbox, and pretend that it had delivered and signed for.
Numbers are up significantly from this time last year. There are 116 in the undergrad course (compared to 65 last year), 9 in the postgrad community engagement course (compared to 2 last year) and 41 in the postgrad capacity building course (compared to 23 last year).
So. Much. Joy.
6) Pour the mixture into the rice. Stir well.
But occasionally, especially when I'm on the go, book in one hand, mp3 player in my pocket, I don't mind tunes with words in them. In fact, sometimes the phrases on the page complement the lyrics in my ears. That's what happened with that Gil Scott-Heron song. I've listened to it many times; it's one of my favourite tracks by the so-called grandfather of rap. And yet, on that train journey from Gatwick to London, I was moved by it more than at any other time. Mathematically speaking, it was the combination of both 'neutral' and real elements that did it for me: non-fiction book about religion+electronic gadget churning out high-quality pop+my mother's return to Cuba=reflection about the end of polytheism and the start of monotheism in the world and the consequences of this transition.
1 sheet gelatin
It was a great morning. Landon zoomed around from exhibit to exhibit, excitedly calling out everything he was seeing. At nearly 5 he definitely pushes a few more buttons than he used to, and we've had some actual rebellion in the last two months, but I do just adore his sweetness, especially when we're doing something special. He noted a snow cone truck with the same excitement he noted everything- from real live lions to a common bush with a pretty white flower. I happen to have a weakness for snowcones, so I told him we could get one, and he turned to look at me with eyes aglow and said very seriously, "mommy, this is my most favorite day ever."
“Men, brethren, and fathers, hear ye my defense which I now make unto you.”
A French meringue is the simplest meringue; it is made by beating sugar into egg whites until stiff and fluffy.
In the space of just a week, Daniel Wideman, Senior Product Manager of Lulu had appeared twice as the source of persuasion; this time for Dan Gillmor. Whatever about the discussions and negotiations Daniel Wideman had with his Dad, while not a Luddite, but certainly more comfortable with the ballpoint pen and notepad; on the other hand, Gillmor’s finely honed ideas on the media industry and the publication, availability and licensing of his book would have presented its own unique challenges to Wideman Junior and Lulu.
- Andy's (128 Montague Street): C, 51 violation points
Me: Good point
B wants to show the animals a trick
2) Settling is much different than compromising.
In a time when ELO and Queen ruled the jukeboxes of our local Windsor Terrace and Kensington bars, we had the F-Express to Manhattan. It was our own European “Bullet Train”, and it stopped right here, at Church Avenue. And I took it every day to The High School of Art and Design in NYC on Second Avenue and 57th street.
Then again...so is my health, right?
Raise only what you need to get of the ground. Optimize for people not for valuation, if you have a great idea it will do well and it will most likely get a great valuation anyway. Seek out the people you want to work with, don’t just hire people on their resumes. Raising VC, is like hiring people to be on your team, find people who believe in what you are doing. Do not assume you need a lot of money to get going, Instagram raised only $60k to launch their first version. Focus on the prototype and gaining traction do not waste time on a fancy pitch deck. Bringing a prototype into a meeting speaks louder than graphs predicting future earnings. Prototypes are tangible and something that people can understand and talk about.
Placing bounties on opposing players threatens the NFL as a whole, directly. The NFL is in a constant back-and-forth with former players over player safety. I do think that the NFL has done the best that they can when it comes to player safety. There is no way that they could let the Saints off with a minimal punishment for intentionally injuring players, and look former and current players in the eye and say “We’re looking out for your safety”. If they would have let the Saints off with a fine and a strongly worded letter, it would send a crystal-clear message to the rest of the NFL: Bounties are all right. The NFL and Goodell decided to scorch the Earth that surrounds the Superdome to send a very different message: We will not tolerate placing any kind of an incentive on injuring another player.
The Lord is your keeper,
While i did a another pink and green look just a few posts ago, I feel that this one looks better, and feels much cleaner in my opinion. Also i thought I'd show you guys a simple way to wear bright colour as eyeliner. Since bright colours are very popular on the runway, if you decide to wear a bright pink top, you can also try to match it with a bright eyeliner. The key to bright eyeliner is that, in my opinion, not over do it. While we need the pop of colour, it needs to be minimal and neat, but still noticeable.
NADA SURF - The Stars Are Indifferent To Astronomy
The toy is a bath time toy and is recommended for 9+ months. Jaelyn is only 6 months old but she had a lot of fun with Scrubble! She was immediately drawn to the toys when I put them into the bath with her and LOVED it when I squeezed the water out of the toys. The product was a little smaller than I expected, but they are made for babies so they really are the perfect size.
What type of concealer do you use? Would love some recommendations, or what products I should steer clear of.
But now, at last, Obama has done the right thing. And I am, despite my obvious penchant for sarcasm and overall crankiness, in my heart an optimist about the ability of humanity to strive toward a better world. And I think sometimes we need th
9:30 – American Dad! (Fox): Roger’s alter ego “Ricky Spanish,” the most hated man in town, resurfaces. Meanwhile, Stan and Francine get a surprise visit from the African child they sponsor. No thanks.
Yes, 2009 was a very bad year but 2010 is really turning out to be a winner so far. We look forward to the spring and flower planting and in addition, I want to try and get my pen back into action very soon.
They hold no quarter,
+ The brief. It's a creative person's bane, but also their best friend. It's a document that provides creative marching orders. And the better it is, the better the creative. You'll find a variety of briefs used at different agencies. Most times the agencies try to have their briefs fit their business philosophies.
Eventually the conversation dwindles, and it's time to say goodbye. The children lean in and kiss our images on the computer screen. I kiss the camera lens, and then make a funny face. The last thing we hear is Mommy saying, "Augie, you can turn it off now, Just click h...." Click.
In the right door, has the cheese holder, full of cheese (except slices, which are in the sandwich stuff drawer) the misc drinks, and tall condiments/salad dressings (we plan to eat more salads) on the bottom.
Post Script: This is my final EMUs Debuts Monday post. I”ll post once more on a Wednesday and then, in developing tradition, will phase out, making room for newer members, who are already moving our collective blog into wonderful new terrain. And, I’ll definitely return for the book launches of The Original EMUs, who did so much to help me launch We’ve Got a Job. Thank you, all!
Yesterday I took two of my nephews to see The Addams Family. I LOVE musicals (Christina Bainbridge, you and I need to hang out!) but I knew nothing about the Addams Family. Yeah, I've heard of them but I've never seen the show, movie, etc. I was kinda roped into it by accident, thanks to a mistake by my MIL and I wasn't really that interested. However, I ended up being pleasantly surprised! I didn't think the music was great, but it was really funny. And it probably wasn't the most appropriate show for a 7-year old. It wasn't my idea to take him though, so you can't blame me! We did have a great time though.
Fox – Fox is in a good place. They aren’t dominating, but they have a lot of solid shows. That is probably the reason why they have so few shows on the bubble.
T.D. Jakes’ seven reasons why many people (me included) are unforgiving:
Created by Iva Wilcox
it's meant to yearn
3 T creamy peanut butter
Top skirt pattern (shown in the lower right of the photo)
Steinbeck says:
In fairness to Ruberto’s Mancini and his star-ridden squad they have grafted passed my expectation of them as a team. I didn’t believed they could scrap their way back into the title race after a disappointing run at the end of the season. Maybe I was blinded by my own bias or listened too much to the over emphasis of the media surrounding the disharmony of the Ballotelli and Tevez debacle. Either way I didn’t think they would have enough experience and drive to get this far. Despite his fair share of controversy Carlos Tevez has played a blinder after his return to the team after a six month sabbatical. Scoring a hat-rick against Norwich as he reignited his scoring partnership with his Argentinean countryman Sergio Augero as both seemed to be singing of the same hymn sheet.
It's all relative, isn't it?
the smoking area at the hospital was specifically constructed to be a place of peace. it was almost disgusting how cliche and corny it was. there were two picnic tables that had a giant oak tree in between them, providing a shady shelter that made it appear to be either dusk or dawn in the morning and afternoon. against the side of the wall were some stone structures that might have been relaxation waterfalls or something at some point, but were now just a bunch of ugly, stacked rocks. somebody apparently had stopped giving a fuck about keeping up with the place, and now – when you add in all the sad people roaming around with permanent clouds of smoke surrounding their heads – it was just as depressing as a morgue.
Slowly whisk in the hot milk mixture into the cream cheese until smooth. Add puree mango and buttermilk - mix until well blended. Pour into ziplock bag - seal it. Submerge the sealed bag into ice water bath, add more ice if necessary. Leave it in the bowl for about 30 minutes or until completely cold.
can see at a glance if he is on the correct road.
An article really caught my attention today. Brandy had an eating disorder?! OMG I idolized her growing up and had no idea!! Judging by what I read a lot of people had no idea. Everyone thought she had the perfect life but she said she was miserable. It’s so sad, no matter what you have in life, your status or size or age or wealth, it just doesn’t matter. I then clicked on the link and knew some of the names of stars that have battled bulimia but some shocked me. Heres the list: Candace Cameron, Snooki, Wynona Judd, Demi Lovato, Jamie Lynn Siegler, Bethany Frankel, Thandie Newton, Justine Bateman, Kelly Clarkson, Stephanie Pratt, Lilly Allen, Portia De Rossi and Gerri Halliwell. Some of them are fully recovered and some still struggle. The one that touched me the most was Sharon Osbourne. She made a quote saying “I’m a conqueror. I conquered breast cancer! Yet the one thing in my life I can’t seem to over come is my battle with bulimia.”. That made me wanna cry. Shes such an amazing woman and to think of her having such a hard time with food and shoving her head down a toilet all the time. It sucks!
“Storm coming,” Anne Hathaway (as Catwoman) says to Christian Bale (as Bruce Wayne) while they’re dancing at some terribly important black tie affair. Is she warning him or taunting him? It’s not entirely clear though it seems at some point Catwoman becomes, at least, concerned for Batman when she says, “You don’t owe these people anymore. You’ve given them everything.” Also, at the end, she catches a ride with him, on seemingly amicable terms. (BONUS: A related question that struck our bat brains is this—Does Catwoman know Bruce Wayne is Batman? Unclear.)
glass votive when burning candles in this holder. You can use these outside
I admit, I used to trash romance too. Because it was easy. Easier to giggle at Fabio (who's supposed to be pretty cool in real life) and lump a literary phenomenon into a National Enquirer-esque category of fluff. Easier to judge a book by its (sometimes admittedly silly) cover.
*The olive branch would have assured Noah natural and spiritual healing, and prayer.*
G.R. No. L-3055
Coming to Joyce after fearing the specter of his stream of consciousness fiction for so long, I was pleasantly taken aback by the efficiency of his prose here. There are some beautiful turns of phrase, to be sure—in “An Encounter”, the narrator describes his taste for the “unkempt fierce and beautiful girls” of American detective fiction (9), and a woman in “Two Gallants” is described as having “Frank rude health” (37). But for the most part, it’s spare and, to be totally honest, unflattering. Even the most beautiful women have problems; unable to break a promise even as it eats away at her, or completely unaware that the narrator is madly in love with her. (I do enjoy the way Joyce writes about love, although its possessive qualities in “The Dead” can be a little frightening. But then again, I hear Joyce’s personal writings on love are downright horrifying, so I think I’m getting off easy here.)
- The Franklin Avenue storefront boom continues to hurtle along - at this point, I count over 20 new shops and restaurants on or just off Franklin that have opened (or are in the process of opening) since the first post. There's a lot to be excited about, but the question of displacement looms large over the process - with so many competing claims on space (the Daily News just picked up the co-naming story), can Franklin accommodate everyone?
During my talk, I touched on how some unschooling newbies are looking for guarantees. "Do unschoolers go to college?" many ask. My personal question back in my own newbie days was "What if I ruin their lives?????" (Who's a drama queen, me? Naaah.) The answer to my question was, "What if you leave your kids in school and that ruins their lives?" My answer to the college question is, "Do high school kids go to college?" Some do, some don't. Unschooling is no different and offers no guarantees (except that your kids will know a lot more about what they want and enjoy than your average high school grad).
you are Love embodied
I don’t know exactly what a prayer is.
As far as the social structure of the family goes, it is headed by the eldest sister and her husband (the husbands in the story are what one would call adoptive husbands as they came from lower stations in life and took their wives' family name) who do their best to keep their once good name out of the muck. She is run afoul by the third sister's refusal to marry any of the train of prospective husbands brought in front of her and the youngest sister's wild ways (smoking, adopting western style of dress, working for a living, sleeping around), as well as the second sister's attempt at usurping control of the family (not for any nefarious soap opera reasons, but for what she thinks is the good of her sisters). The story, with all of its traditions and rituals, plays out like an Ozu film, though without Ozu's sense of subtle style, but there is more than just this going on here.
korean women imitating black women in a VERY rude way.
She left lonely for ever
According to EIA weekly report crude inventories grew by 2.8 million barrels to 375.9 million barrels vs. estimated increase of 2.5 million barrels for the week end 27 April.
But in the end–as they would always find out in the drill simulations–their number always would come up sooner or later.
By the time my father started cavorting with women—say when he was around
And he talked about Saint Hill Size Orgs, where expansion was judged on delivery of Scientology, not on square footage. When was the last time you heard that term?
-I'm soooo confused..twittered Miss Moussie with a sigh....I'm ever so confused....
Authorities said they were forced take action after the creature's attacks on terrified river users intensified over the past three weeks.
Through writing down your goals, using the power of visualization and keeping your focus on your new paradigm, you can achieve amazing results. Visualization help you to shift your beliefs, assumptions, and opinions about the most important person in your life — YOU! They allow you to harness the 20 billion brain cells in your brain and get them all working in a singular and purposeful direction. Give it a try and allow your subconscious to become engaged in a process that helps you see the end results you intend to achieve, and feel what it’s like to produce the reality of those results coming true. It’s a power that comes from within and every athlete knows that it’s a vital key to their success. The process is invisible and doesn’t take a lot of time, and the payoff is immeasurable.
Usually, during a taste test, I take a good mouthful of the beer in front of me, gulp it down, and take another mouthful immediately afterwards. It's not massively scientific (as you can clearly see) but it's a pretty decent way of exposing the drink to as many regions of myself that might wish to offer-up some initial feedback. This is also usually a point where I stop drinking for a moment whilst I scribble some of that early feedback down.
4 cups peeled, cubed (1 inch) sweet potato (approximately 2 medium potatoes)
1/2 c. mayonnaise
We also had a potato & cheese casserole, asparagus with mushrooms in a vinaigrette sauce, carrots with a brown sugar glaze and a fresh fruit salad.
I have to seriously consider my Mother’s Day and Father’s Day gifts this year. Those two have done so much for me this past year. Gotta make this one count. Anyone have ideas for me? They’d be much appreciated!
said to me if only . . ., I nodded in
If you live in the UK you can purchase Sandbells from EXF Perform better (www.exf-fitness.com) they are the official distributors of the product. For training, demonstrations or certified education – We are you port of call. The Fitness Retreat will be the international training team. Covering The UK and Europe.
Once again, an unpleasant sleep gave way to an unpleasant rise. There were millions of them around this time, a sea of different shades, each walking erect and deliberate. There were small and large, black and white skinned, but wearing cloth of various colors. He stood up, aware of the surveillance of these bizarre animals, and went to relieve himself. A chatter of laughter erupted and he spun around, alert but was met with a rampage of blinding lights flashing. This is when there was a sense of danger.
I know what you’re saying, like if you closed your eyes?
Teeange Luke comes round from a coma and finds he has synaesthesia - his senses are muddled so that he hears colours and smells sounds, etc. There's a demon lurking in his brain which makes him do bad things; there's also a beautiful girl with cinnamon skin and 'hair as long as the sound of honey' who may or may not be a figment of Luke's imagination. He wants nothing more than to regain his strength, particularly in his bad leg, so he can run in school sports day. The demon has other ideas. Luke's sister is in trouble - stalked in Luke's head by a sinister man in a metal mask, then captured for real by a perverted man who stalks the nearby woods. Luke has to battle both real and imagined foes to save her.
50. Education of Harriet Hatfield, The: May Sarton
After an hour has passed, you drain the mushrooms and use paper towels to remove the excess marinade. Then you add more Cajun seasoning on both sides of the fillets, and cook them in a single layer. (You’re supposed to use a cast-iron skillet, but I don’t have that. And yet, the portobellos turned out just fine…)
In the meantime, pineapples had spread to tropical Asia, where they could grow naturally, and so were also becoming associated with the East.
- Friends
Jenni has to try to figure out a way to go back in time and change what happened
“Our van-load of laughing, colorful beaded hippies was an unlikely sight to be seen driving through the gates of the Forest Hills Country Club, but, then, we were arriving for a rather extraordinary happening — an event billed as “The First International Psychedelic Exposition.”
The sectoral breakdown of
Cope
I'm going to try and sleep now, pictures to follow tomorrow.
Gay men get to have all the fun. I mean, where is my fag hag? Sure, there was a time when my sexuality was straddling both sides of the fence and maybe I was even considered one – but truly – now that I’m in a stable lesbiana relationship, I want my stable (or unstable even) MALE, fag hag! Where is he?
So now you can see how I have had little time to get caught up on my blogging duties! I also have really focused on keeping up on my goals for 2012 which has taken up allot of my focus but in a good way! I really wish I had more time to do everything, don't we all?
Yeah, I finished the science test and had nothing better to do, so I finished the hat. hee. I’ll take a picture when I finish the cat ears.
Who is to judge if a food culture is good or bad? Is it fair to compare food cultures? Setting one culture up against another? I don’t believe so. Because every distinguishable food culture has its origins and is driven by certain factors. The main factors being the people and the ingredients available. I’ll start my culinary thought journey with a culture that has developed in just 500 years, and ending it in a country which still enjoys a bright star all around the culinary interested world – France.
Chamblee is the best big sister (aside from my own, of course). She is in a phase where she wants to help. And I mean, help with ev.ery.thing. It's very sweet and it's often funny. I love to hear her talking in the next room, "I helping mama". Only to find her unloading the trash can- just so she can put all the trash back in. Or to hear a giant squeal coming from the bouncy seat that Jake is sleeping in- and finding that she has yanked out his pacifier... just so she can give it back to him. "I helping mama." She has the sweetest heart. She understands the concept of sharing already, kind of, and will steal a toy right out of your hand- just so she can give it right back and share it with you. I love that girl. And she loves her brother.
Three posts in the past two months. I rule.
For me, in town because of the Sommerakademie residency, every night is a social function of some sort with artists, curators and academics from around the world. People like to say how awful such things are. And receptions are indeed socially awkward but I also think they are great fun. And honestly, as an eager young artist, it’s quite exciting. It’s always fun because what starts as passed champagne and a few speeches always leads to a dinner that ends up a low-key dance party. Maybe Pipilotti Rist is on the dance floor shaking her bottom like a feisty child. And then later maybe Jan Verwoert ends the night playing his Sponge Bob guitar and singing “There Is A Light That Will Never Go Out.” After the annual dinner that marks the finale of the Sommerakademie, evening becomes night and a group of people winding around the quiet downtown looking for a bar open past 1am.
Diesel and Fritz were stronger than me, but they weren’t faster. Besides, not many feel like running after a night of drinking. They didn’t and that gave me a head start.
I write about being a good dad, I talk about being a good dad, and I speak at conferences about being a good dad. And sometimes, I'm just not that good. Why should anyone listen to what I have to say if I'm not walking the talk?
Mystery solved. Still, I was curious about the broader question: would the same SQLSTATE warning code be returned for other aggregate functions applied to a UNION ALL with an empty-set leg (and keep in mind: the 01003 SQLSTATE is FYI information -- not an indication of an error -- and the result set returned from the query generating this code is as it should be)? And what if the aggregate function were applied to a UNION DISTINCT with an empty-set leg (and DISTINCT, of course, is the default for UNION, and is in effect unless UNION ALL is specified)? On DB2 9 and DB2 10 systems, I checked this out and found that the 01003 SQLSTATE warning code (along with the correct result) was returned when MAX, AVG, SUM, STDDEV, and VARIANCE were applied to a UNION ALL with an empty-set leg. The 01003 was not received when the COUNT, COUNT_BIG, CORRELATION, and COVARIANCE aggregate functions were applied to the UNION ALL with the empty-set leg. When any of these aggregate functions were applied to a UNION DISTINCT view, the 01003 SQLSTATE warning code was not received (I did not test this with the XMLAGG aggregate function).
Down with Tyranny describes it as Lewis "shaming" Broun into withdrawing, and that's the biggest takeaway here: What repugs are doing - not just on gay rights, but on women's rights, on global warming, on the budget, on helping the poor, on saving the middle class, on growing the economy - everything, repugs are shameful.
Unfortunately, there have been times when America has taken advantage of its privileged position, and this creates negative karma. The recent economic crisis, although global in nature, definitely bears the mark of national karma. The actions we are taking now will determine whether we, as a nation, have learned the karmic lessons that these economic challenges have presented to us.
By now you will have assembled the bias skirt and the lace bodice, so it is time to sew them together! Place the bodice inside the skirt with their right sides together - you will notice a double notch at the centre backs, so line them up:
Someone else made fudge, but not just a few squares, they made hundreds of (complete exaggeration) beautiful hand tied bags of fudge! I have made fudge several times before and lost 2 pans and many wooden spoons in the process. Only once have I triumphed, and in triumphed I mean it held together JUST and sort of tasted like fudge (if you closed your eyes). You have to have the patience of a saint to make this (or several glasses of wine to chill you out!).
As the police approached the house, said Opperman, the couple's white Land Cruiser came reversing from the garage at high speed, its headlights off.
and so I apologize for my disappearance off the inter-web-verse for the last while. it won't be ending anytime soon, either. I'll gain motivation someday soon to buy the very expensive parts necessary to fix our computer, but for now I'm content doing everything from my beloved iPhone.
Within about a week, I had potato sprouts shooting up out of the ground, and boy did they grow fast once they were out. Using the information I had learned over the past several mistakes, I began to hill the mulch next to the stem as the potatoes grew. This way the mulch provided a clean, light proof area for the potatoes to develop, and the soil was there for the roots. Several weeks went by and the potatoes were growing nicely.
is perfect for “Listen to Reading”. They have a huge selection of books
In this run I learned to read the altimeter. In all other runs I did so far, the question was: How long until…? Here the question was: How high until…? We started in Davos Platz at 1538 m ASL (above sea level). Until Frevgias (km 32) we lost 519 meter; Frevgias is the lowest point in the race with 1019 m ASL. That was the easy part of the race.
“A GOOD MAN GOES TO WAR” – Series 6, Episode 7, Story 218a – Written by Steven Moffat; Directed by Peter Hoar – The Eleventh Doctor and Rory raise a … well, it’s not an army as much as it is a collection of costumes, but together they all go storm Demon’s Run in order to save Amy and her baby. And they do. Sort of. And then River shows up and finally tells us her real identity, and it turns out we would have all known this a long time ago except for a silly translation error. Because River Song Is Gamma Forest For Arpeggio Ocean.
Jae nudges me.
Also, I've tried to finish my pictures up a little more, I don't know if that makes it too busy or what. And I realize the font there might not be all that readable. I have to find a font I like. All in due time.
The truth is….I really don’t know what I’m doing, and I hope that you guys know that. I am just like any of you. I am on the same journey. I research my own disorder because it’s the only way I know to deal with it. I write about it because I want others to know we (as a population) are not crazy, and it helps give me insight into my own stuff. I feel like if I understand it, if I can make sense of it, I can handle it/manage it better. I help others out of complete genuine care and concern. I share what has worked for me because I want to. Occasionally I hear the comforting words I can offer to others, and I think to myself, “I would be wise to listen to my own self.” I am a hypocrite, but it is not intentional.
Austin-based marketing agency nFusion is proud to sponsor the Marketing Executive Group’s (MEG) spring conference, “Rock the Status Quo,” in Chicago May 2 – 4. MEG, a study group of the National Restaurant Association, hosts the conference where industry leaders gather to learn from, challenge, inspire and connect with each other as they explore the newest big ideas in the industry. Over the three-day conference attendees will gather to gain insights on new trends across consumer behavior, branding, social media and more.
Hope you all are well rested! :) Does that even exist in parenthood with a little one??
"You seem to be blaming everyone Robin." Correct.
With 30 years in the retail Automotive Industry, from a Salesperson to a Dealer, I have a vast amount of experience in all areas of an automotive environment. You can follow me on my website, www.JimKristoff.com on twitter @jimkristoff
Our bed frame, from Ikea, was the first thing Boo bought when he got the apartment in Toronto. Since we got together 2 years after that, he's actually been sleeping with her longer than he's been sleeping with me.
From what I've seen, prices range from $2.50 to $2.99 per tube, with an entire box of eight going for about $16.00. The price seemed a bit hefty to me at first, but they're a unique novelty that will surely be a hit at my next get-together or function. With no dirty glasses to worry about, and minimal effort to prepare.. these margarita's would fit the bill perfectly for any barbecue, pool party, or picnic.
Once you figure out how to attach the ruffler foot to your machine, it’s actually relatively simple. The up-and-down motion of the needle drives a sharp bit of metal back and forth, causing fabric threaded through a particular part of the foot to bunch up. How much it bunches per stitch is controlled by a little screw; another little lever adjusts whether the gathering takes place on every stitch, or only once per so many stitches. This means you can technically use the foot for making pleats as well, and control your gathering ratio quite precisely. Fabric tension and stitch length also play a role.
Think I might have a soak in the bath first in the hope of "livening my ideas up"!! LOL!!! That is something Mum said to us as kids if we weren't moving quickly enough. She would say "for goodness sake liven your ideas up". Tee hee!!
And it’s looking more and more like Solyndra executives didn’t just suffer from bad business sense. It appears they deliberately misled the administration about the state of the company’s finances as recently as July of this year.
Try letterboxing in your own backyard by setting up a mini course.
And since mommy sucks, and didn't do a 6 or 7 month post or pictures for buddy, here is the abbreviated version. He's been super sick since we returned from Birmingham (ear infection, HORRIBLE cough and cold), and I know he weighs almost 20 pounds. He weighed 19.8 last week. Dude is huge. He is in 9 month clothes and a size 3, sometimes 4 diaper. He is sleeping unswaddled and without a positioner. He wakes up more often (:like 1-2 times per night) and a little bit earlier, but I guess he's just getting used to his sleeping freedom.
“Okay. Well how long have you been, um, working for Sal?”
29/3/2011 I installed Seesmic Desktop 2 on my Windows 7 computer and it took all of 2 minutes. Windows installed most of the common apps and plug ins so I was up and running on Twitter in record time. I really like Seesmic Desktop 2. The interface is great, the ease of use is exemplary and it is just a really helpful piece of software. My next challenge is to get it onto my iPod Touch.
BJWRQ Blog (bjwrqblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
- Yeah. Rachel is a bike messenger, Jeff teaches at a Jewish school, Al works at a kitchen store and I work in child care. I also run a graphic design company called Twin Cuts (twincuts.net) with Jeff from Bomb the Music Industry and Dave from If You Make It (ifyoumakeit.com).
This year I had hoped with the extremely favorable weather, with all the flora blooming early that maybe I would get to see some plants alive and growing. And, we did! There were not a lot of the pitchers themselves, but the blooms! I had no idea what to expect, but, I did not expect these large (4 inches across minimum) dark red balls with pedals. (Yes, I am fully aware that is not a biologically correct description, just my poor descriptive powers at work here.)
2nd name submitted: Karlovy Vary (approved)
She also rejected allegations that Tshabalala-Msimang would be a personal chef for President Motlanthe.
For those interested in developing their palates, I recommend tasting a Torrontés against aromatic wine varieties of a parallel character. Try varieties that contain the same (low) level of sweetness so that the sugar content does not interfere with the way you perceive the sweetness of the nose, the acid levels, or the texture of the wine.
Surprisingly few of James’s works have been filmed for the big screen, but in 1957 the French-American director Jacques Tourneur (him of the very stylish RKO B features Cat People and I Walked with a Zombie) crossed the Atlantic to film the story Casting the Runes. Moving the story on from 1911 to the 1950s Night of the Demon was remarkably faithful to the orignal story.
John Cougar Mellancamp. I’ve lost track, what does he officially go by these days?
Back to today: twenty years later, Monkey and I are about to celebrate our 14th wedding anniversary and have two lovely children. Yesterday, I was out with Dash, the adorable six-year-old, at his karate practice. There was one other mom also watching her son and between poking on our iPhones, we started chatting. Her son was one of the two Jacks—the light-haired one, not the dark-haired one—an eight-year-old with a yellow belt. We'd smile at each other when one of our kids screwed up and got yelled at by the sensei. I learned Jack was an only child, but was born in the same year/month as Rosie, my gorgeous and talented older child. She lived nearby and had been in the DC area for a while, but was from Connecticut (where my family is originally from).
1. God views Israel’s association to the land as a fact of profound importance
Always start with the slowest flowing teat your baby can take to reduce choking from drinking too fast and too much. However, if your baby finds it too slow and getting frustrated, change to a faster flowing teat so he will not suck in too much air from trying to get that milk quickly. Different babies prefers different brands of bottle teats too.
“Sounds interesting.”
“Big Wave” – San Sebastián, Spain – Oier Aso – Featured Photographer
The rules for this one are:
Again: interpret as is your wont.
Why recycle? The Earth needs it. Humans are creating waaaayyy too much waste for the environment to handle, and we are rapidly running out of space and resources.
Coaching and development are important regardless of geography, but given the dynamics within emerging markets, and the workplace changes organizations can expect in the future, it is even more critical to offer this support to retain employees.
Or: All along he had a basketball court behind the bedroom wall?
This year they published a report that purports to show that "global warming evidence is unmistakable"
The story is about young girls aged between 15-17 years old, suddenly due to some weird phenomenon lose their life but come back seconds later as a zombie. The zombies are known as “Stacies”. The disease spreads as the “stacies” increase almost like an explosion they spread. Humans vs Stacies, a battle which will be shown.
Something that I would find incredibly baffling – if I didn’t know exactly what’s going on here – is the amount of women I’ve come across online in my post-prostitution life who claim to be happy in prostitution. I would find it incredibly baffling because I never met a single one of them in all the years I was in prostitution.
That is what their visitors have achieved; that is what they have done to this confident, modern young woman. Like a stain the story is spreading across the district. Not her story to spread but theirs: they are its owners. How they put her in her place, how they showed her what a woman is for.
It's always a happy event to be in print again. And in Russia too!
After I smoothed the chocolate mixture out, I put both pies in the freezer to chill and harden while I made the whipped cream topping. I simply beat the heavy cream and sugar together util soft peaks formed. This took a couple of minutes, during which time the Leafs scored twice on the Penguins. I restrained my anger in case the pies could sense it and become bitter.
This Sunday we will use the following songs to corporately express our worship to God and prepare our hearts and minds to hear from Him:
2. If you need or want us or her to do something just say it as you want it done. We can say whether or not we can do what you are asking and if so which part we can commit to…that way we all know what to expect and no one is disappointed.
They get into Chuck’s car and sit in silence. But they both know that Kelly has to go back home, that it is too late for them to ever be together like that again. And so he drives her back up the driveway, and leaves her there.
FOLLOW THESE LINKS AND PURCHASE SOME ACHERON MERCHANDISE:
If you have all the above qualifications, make sure that:
The centre has around 250 clients of all ages.
I feel like I’ve been attacked. I don’t remember the last time I felt this emotionally drained, this alone, this exhausted, this angry. Every shameful thing I’ve done, every bad decision I’ve made, it’s all suddenly been brought to the light, and I’m exposed, standing alone amidst my pain and my brokenness, trying to figure out how to pick up all the pieces on my own.
Here's the question - as more of us become poor, do we fight the criminalization of poverty, or do we accept it?
"it's ok, katie! i'll help you pick them up."
Since it was so slow moving I will have to knock my grade down to a B. This is a book I look forward to giving to my little sister.
"There was much truth in the comment of a Rome newspaper that the new fasci did not aim at the defence of the ruling class or the existing State but wanted to lead the revolutionary forces into the Nationalist camp so as to prevent a victory of Bolshevism..
Life can be pretty mundane and sometimes i question myself “What’s next?” Constantly reminding myself that i am not the only one feeling this way didnt help as it kept re-occuring! i knew i had to find the answer and the best way is to do things that i have never done and on a piece of paper write out the things that I feel negatively about myself! From the piece of paper, i jot down ways i can improve myself to become a better happier me! Its not easy when it comes down to the action but when you have achieve what your goal is, the feeling can be very satisfying!
The other day, Rep. Joe Walsh (R-IL) took to the Washington Times to explicitly say what many on the right are thinking -- no to a two-state solution. Israel should annex the West Bank outright. Recognizing that this would force Israel to choose between being a full democracy or a Jewish state, Walsh elects for the latter, and reduces Palestinians to only a limited degree of political rights. It is equally obvious to the rest of us that this is unsustainable, and while Walsh is already sacrificing Israel's democratic character, he'd likely end up sacrificing its Jewish nature as well. Either way, it's the end of the Zionist dream of a Jewish, democratic homeland in Israel.
How exciting is this?!?@?@
“It is difficult to stop him. It is better to try and get him out. If we can get his wicket, we can put pressure on the Sri Lankan middle order,” he said.
I’ve been dating this guy for 2 years and I think he may be the one… But my family and friends still hold a grudge against him! He’s a former drug addict and has a violent past, but that’s been more than 3 years ago. He’s a changed man now but is still getting judged for his past mistakes. How can I get everyone I love to accept my boyfriend for who he is and not what he’s done in the past?
We were left in the backyard, or worse – left to roam -
1/2 cup of butter, melted
I'll be launching a new mini e-Class on the Girlie Grunge site EVERYDAY in June. Each e-Class will cost ONLY $5... OR you can sign up for the "Mega-Class" and instead of all 30 classes costing you $150, you will only pay $100!
When I first saw my copy of The Cradle by Patrick Somerville, I was drawn to the picture of the old-fashioned cradle on the back of the truck, as well as the synopsis of the novel that discussed how a young husband-to-be heads out in search of a cradle that his wife remembers from her childhood. I thought the novel would be touching, but I never envisioned how many twists and turns it would entail.
Can you believe it's made out of dog food bags? Well... Maybe it's obvious. She's going to show it off at our next ASG (American Sewing Guild) meeting and probably take it for sharing at school this fall. That is, if they still DO sharing in 6th grade...
Stockhom is a lovely city, and not as cold as I had expected. I really had a very lovely time wandering around, everyone spoke English beautifully, which was slightly embarrassing.
I'm not gonna lie-- for the most part I didn't get them, or death metal in general, as I've written about before. Beyond Cryptopsy and Asphyx, death metal usually seems trite to me, like the sort of things that an adolescent would write about "the world" before they'd ever actually been in it. Ben Ratliff, the music critic for the New York Times, once said, regarding Cannibal Corpse, that they had a fascination with gore and zombies that "bordered on sweet."
I will say this though - the one time I was totally biblically submissive to my husband, we were able to purchase our first home ever. You can read about that miracle here. (It really is a miraculous story. Just click the tags 'home' on my blog. :) )
Coz this time’s only borrowed
For me, that has meant walking away from a sink full of dishes, and a mess of a living room. Ignoring the computer and to do list.
I scrambled inside, half horrified, half afraid, half grossed-out (yes, I know that makes 3 halves - I was very distraught, you see). I bolted the door and watched through the blinds as the mystery hurler spewed several more liters before being carried away by two other intoxicated buddies.
patrysia writes...
Duration: 26.05. - 09/07/2011
For every order placed during the month of May you will receive a free baby swim shirt that you can give to your own little one, a niece, nephew or friend's little one or to a charitable organization!
Lovely Talented David Barrie is to write something to go with my story:)
5.) avoid people with delusions of grandeur, in real life and on the internet, where they are apparently legion.
The girl stopped moving and looked up at her father. The distraught man looked down at his daughter and then back at Ariela.
“Maybe you are even affected before you are born. The foetus is receptive to light and sound and voices and pressures and pains and chemical variations in the body of your mother…..and your individual mind – your unique neural map – is formed at the same time your brain is formed. By the time you are five years old, maybe 80%, 90% of your future is already within you?
Encounters like this, both real and imagined, have made me wonder if there is another way. I may have found an alternative the other day. One that fits me anyway. My friend, who is on staff at the Free Christian Church in Andover, calls it “praying for your six.” I think they got the idea from the Vineyard Church in Cambridge.
Last spring, we bought a neat little native wildflower from Wilcox Nursery over in Largo. We were intrigued by the yummy minty smell at the time, and the promise of hordes of tiny flowers in the fall. Well, fall has arrived, and the Georgia Calamint (Calamintha georgiana) has delivered the promised buds and blooms, the sheer number of which are hard to appreciate in this photograph.
Registration Process
Score: 88%
The amazing thing about IKEA is just how successful it is by one rule: Keep It Simple. Simple furniture in simple boxes for fair prices. Even the construction of the book shelves and drawers I've put together was extremely simple!
At least we now know what was bothering him this whole time, and even if it's no direct comfort it at least a relief, after almost 7 months, to not having to always be frustrated because there's no diagnosis to be made.
*From July 8th, 2010 onward, civil unrest will take place, possibly driven by food prices skyrocketing and the devaluation of the dollar.
The first flash of genuine colour that I can see moving is my dog.
4) Rim your glasses in sugar or salt. Add crushed ice or ice cubes.
What these x-rays have done is smartly knocked me down a peg. Not only that, but raised the bar on those pets whom I treat every day.
To make love to myself
They gave me the anesthesia and the doctor began her work. They talked to me throughout the procedure. I watched the eggs appear on the screen after they were retrieved. I liked that in the treatment room you can see some of what they are doing. The nurse and doctor were supportive and got me through the retrieval. It wasn’t very painful and it was over before I knew it.
After Bob Welch left the band, a search was started for a new singer and guitarist. Mick Fleetwood soon discovered California singer and guitarist Lindsey Buckingham. Fleetwood asked Buckingham to join Fleetwood Mac. Buckingham agreed, but only on the condition that the band also hire his girlfriend, singer Stephanie “Stevie” Nicks. The rest was history.
It is something that I did not see covered in the news media. The stories in the media were lamenting our state government’s total inability to function, the Secret Service’s total insanity/lechery, and a few mentions of the tornado warning system tests scheduled for today.
And as much fun as I have playing with the dog, I know that I can't have a pet right now, no matter what people say. I just really don't have the time and my work requires me to go places and work long hours. I think it's unfair and unkind to take on a pet when you can't commit to care for it wholeheartedly. Since it was my last day to take care of the dog, I decided to spend an extra hour playing with him, having him fetch that tennis ball and letting him run up and down the park. And when we got home, I gave him two full scoops of food instead of the scoop and a half. He's earned it. And while I'm a little sad to see him go home, it's going to be nice to be able to sleep in a little longer and eat my meals without feeling guilty about the dog looking at me with his sad, pleading eyes.
Tip: This also tastes great piped onto fresh veggies for the tofu-phobic. Just skip straight to making the bean spread, and don't forget your garnishes.
I got this hostess stamp set this week and decided to get it inky straight away. I stamped the flower twice for each bloom and then added shading with Poppy Parade ink and a blender pen. The centres were cut out and popped up for added dimension. I layered the flowers on a die-cut circle from the Perfect Pennants die and added some Peach Parfait swirls.
01. Town Of Children's Blocks - 4:58
Yes, let’s honour them all. We tried to take away their freedom. Let’s acknowledge, too, all the other invaders we’ve treated as pariahs upon their return: Dr B’s generation saw the Vietnam War inflict its long damage. We remember that, too. And we remember that, yet again, our government sent our military personnel to invade another country. Lest we forget, indeed.
By the way, artist Lee Copeland created the digital painting “This Little Piggy” as an illustration of one of the scenes from the story. If you really dig my work, you may want to consider paying a visit to his web store. You can purchase a print of the piggy-pic there, and also check out his other work. (His Rondo Hatton portrait hangs in my office, as does the original of “This Little Piggy”)
"You bring us that pizza, or else!"...)
In general, you spend less here, and it shows, but I think only to my American "bigger is better" eyes. (And my "wedding channel obsessed since the age of 12" eyes, lol). There are lots of expensive and boring weddings, and just at many inexpensive and fantastic ones. And it really is nice to feel like the focus is more on the celebration here and not so much on how fancy and expensive the tablecloths are. However, I do feel that visually, I have specific ideas for things that I am not finding here, at any price, low or high. Whether it's just my personality, or because of my art history background, I have very strong opinions about how things should look. What's the point of studying all those masterpieces and walking around museums for hours if I'm not allowed to say with confidence "this looks nice, this does not"? (joking! kind of . . .)
I finally got the Winter Butterfly done after several aborted starts. I tried doing the body in white, size 30 and the wings in pale gray, size 30, along with a silver blending filament, but it simply looked like mismatched whites, so I took the body off (which I'd done twice already because I forgot the antennae and then added the upper wing wrong three times!) and made a new one in the pale gray. The silver shows up much better with the gray but you can't see it in the first scan.
I will be late for the office and my boss will get a chance to irritate me.
NBA superstars from today and yesterday come together as you’ve never seen them in this tribute to the game’s greatest long-range shooters.
The first time I saw her was in the rising light of a mid-summer's day. We had arranged a day together by telephone, and I remember the flutters that continued to float through the rising eddies of a clear blue sky as the gentle hum of the car whirred - promises to come. I saw her through the doorway in a crowd of relatives, and I knew instantly that - well, that was it. Her smile opened my heavens and her eyes - well they danced with the lightness of a rising heat. We headed to the car and wound our way slowly to a beach, sand and ocean, shade and light. When we slid from the car after that relaxing drive, we had a melting moment. We held each other for the very first time - and remain in that embrace today. I remember we were exactly the same height and her hair smelt of ripe peaches. Her breasts pressed agianst my chest and the contours of her body arched and bowed with mine. We have melted in the rises and falls of every crevice of our bodies every moment since.
All of those songs spent at least 10 weeks atop Billboard's Hot 100 chart between 2000 and 2009.
Spoiler's Death / Leslie Thompkins' Character Assassination- It sucked, people hated it, it went away.
It makes me feel bad to see how we've been duped, and how we keep coming back for more, following the little crumbs tossed out. Some are in the form of money, especially for public service employees, and some is in the form of sticking it to the mythical class known as "the rich".
As time passed, I began to wonder if he thought that simply the purchase of the spray would do the trick. The weeds grew taller, he still he hadn’t sprayed, and I was down on my hands and knees pulling out the pesky things. It conjured up memories of my parents years ago. Mom said, “We need a new doorbell.” “OK, Dad replied. “I’ll go to the hardware store in the morning and pick one up.” He purchased a new doorbell, but never installed it. In fact, that was the last we ever heard about it. I had to wonder if the spray my husband bought would have the same fate and end up on a shelf somewhere in the garage never to be found again.
Wonderful! Awesome! Amazing digital stamps that you just have to check out! (You can find a link to the site in the left hand sidebar.)
Like this one. Charisma vacuums Katherine Heigl and Gerard Butler combine to losing effect for this charmless comedy black hole. See also: Bride Wars, Marley & Me, Couples Retreat…
“Here I am and this is what I offer you.”
Neil Young Captain Kennedy (Reprise)
7:10: Junebug gets a bath.
Since it looks so much like peanut butter, people are tempted to spread it on toast – but I’ve found that only so-so, on the cookie spread scale of deliciousness. I haven’t baked with it yet – but I’m guessing it would make a ridiculous frosting for a cupcake – or a brownie or blondie.
Nothing I have ever known - has made me feel this way
This is no longer an Arab spring about democracy and human rights. Its a world wide cover up to distract everyone’s attention on life threatening issues. Russia is an oil producer just like Saudi Arabia and they have shown great support to the Assad regime while not showing any support to other Arab countries. China also supports Assad, and both countries have vetoed UN resolutions against Syria while Europe is focused on the middle east to cover up their own economical problems and the US arent completely honest about their stand against Iran. So if you really think about it, the middle east is the center of a major war that will happen some time but the question is when it will actually happen.
Though this month is dedicated to Breast Cancer Awareness month, to me the big "C" is still the same, irregardless which type it is. So please take the time, to care yourself and always show heaps of gratitude to your love ones and to those who have family or friends who are battling their big "C" battle right now, give them unconditional support as every little bit helps.
Orange Pepper
I waited an appropriate amount of time before I made my move, all the while, still (sort of) dating Garrett. Now, things got complicated one night when Zac and Garrett stayed over at Fred’s house, which is across the street from my parent’s house. The three boys came over and we chatted in the driveway of my parent’s house. It was…awkward, to say the least. After that night, Fred began talking to me. This was back before Facebook, mind you, so one night, he IM’d me (for you young kids, that is instant messaged me on AOL’s Instant Messenger). We talked for HOURS, about nothing, and about everything. At the end of the conversation, he asked me to meet him out front, where we laid on my driveway, staring at the stars. Fred had always been quiet, so I never expected this to happen, but after that night, my attention shifted towards Fred.
Click here to download the 3-page file for free from Google Documents:
Second meaningful event: Cara (hat tip to you) turned me on to this guy named Cal Newport, who has a blog named Study Hacks. Study Hacks is a career-focused blog that Cal writes primarily with college kids in mind, but which also contains some pearls for us older folks. This post on passion was especially illuminating. I was always uncomfortable with the “chase my passions” option. I can’t say that it’s wrong for everyone, but I can say that it’s wrong for me. As a kid, I would always quit things once they moved to a level beyond my natural talents. It was the same story every time: piano, swimming, Aikido, horseback riding. I think the truth about me is that I want the lifestyle of someone who has put the work in to become an expert in something, but I don’t actually want to put any work in. And I get easily frustrated and down on myself when my performance isn’t preternaturally perfect. That is both immature of me and a recipe for professional disaster. I am a grown woman with a very intellectually challenging interest, which I believe can become a passion with mastery (or at least a high level of competence). In addition, it is a lucrative interest, a globally relevant interest, and I am lucky enough that my current position has everything to do with my interest, and that I have great mentors, who I believe will help me get where I want to go.
Indigo Girls’
We sat down, and started talking. And we talked. And talked. And talked some MORE. It was... wonderful. We talked about my job, the blog, single adventures, and Robin told me about her family, and her recent return to higher education. She had a baby during her freshman year of college. A baby who is now a senior at My Small Town High School, and cringes every time I am giving a presentation and I tell the class a little too exuberantly that I saw him the day he was born.
I can't believe how long it's been since I've logged in and posted. Time passes so quickly and we fill our days with so many things. As the semester winds down I am working to get to a simpler life, and schedule.
Youtube Fascism and Undemocracy.
On this occasion the moon is passing through the densest, central part of the shadow, which has the effect of making the eclipse appear darker.
Fr. Jason Dy of Sacred Heart Parish channeled his passion for art and role as pastor in a project that uses recycled bottles as personalized memorabilia. He introduced this interactive art project to parishioners in 2009. He distributed empty recycled bottles inviting people to create a “bottled memory.”
When I visit schools, or give other talks, I often read a particular scene from my book, The Sterkarm Handshake. It’s an everyday tale of time-travelling folk and, in this scene the young 16th century reiver, Per Sterkarm, has been badly wounded, and brought to a 21st century hospital.
who decided this
Thank you for visiting today to learn a little more about Chariss!
pg 39: He pointed to several darker objects scattered here and there on the display. “Are those what I think they are?” The technician overlaid a cursor atop on of them and tapped a key, zooming in on it. The shape was unquestionable. “Bodies, Captain,” he answered. “Dead bodies.”
(source: Johan Meyer, LookLocal.co.za ) Moreover, two of the three black adults who were charged with Gebhardt's murder, Sibusiso Ntuli (19) and Ndiphiwe Mkhungekwana (19). were given a mere R2,000 bail. AfriForum has since decided to become involved with the case after it seemed like no progress has been made in it since he died in November. The three suspects handed themselves in to police in March and April. The 22-year-old Mdingi's bail application was refused as he was considered a flight risk. The three accused face charges of murder and assault.
I know no greater delight than the sheer delight of being alone
One of the biggest changes in the flight simulator 2006 is the addition of a structured game play.
Although my neutral position on crochet may be swayed if I started to use higher quality materials in my crochet projects. Cotton/Acrylic from KnitPicks is not exactly MCN or MCS (Merino Cashmere Silk ie. Madelinetosh Pashmina).
That’s New York City - all you need is a subway card, a sense of adventure and a sensible pair of shoes. See you on the town.
The Thai government is there to protect its own people, yet has been under the burden of housing millions of refugees on all borders in the past century, with refugees coming from Laos, Cambodia, and Burma as a result of many Indochinese conflicts. At this point, it is possible that while still wanting to respect human rights, Thailand has become weary of its humanitarian burden and is ready to protect the “Thainess” of its culture from refugees, and at the same time protecting its own relations with the Burmese government from the necessarily politicized environment of the camps, where there are many refugees who have or are still involved in militant activities against the Burmese government. Thailand would be looking out for its own security and protecting itself from the invasion of Burmese, just as they had to in the past. Thailand and Burma’s unsteady history creates a basis for this fear of invasion.
PS. And, to all the people of South Africa, today is 50 days before the World Cup; we're still talking about Malema.
It just so happened that I had coloured a 'Lili of the Valley' Fairy last week (this image came in a pack of images with a magazine a while ago). This was then taken out of my coloured image folder & used on a card...
The minute I step inside the room, I have the responsibility of contributing to the holistic development of the kids. If any attitude problem surfaces, teachers have to handle the bull by its horns.
At 6’5”, 273 lbs. Jack Crawford looks the part of an NFL defensive end. He is, however, a raw prospect at this point – he’s only been playing football for just over five years but did start for Penn State the last three. Crawford gives the Raiders a much-needed pass rusher. He’s athletic and big, and has the frame to add bulk. Crawford is another project pick who probably won’t contribute for a year or two, but for now, he gives Oakland some much needed depth on the defensive front.
( Growing up in a house with an architect-father, these were the kind of ideas that were often discussed and impressed upon us. Pretty on the outside is not equal to good design. The Fibonacci series and all that good stuff often made for casual conversation , if you got my father started after a well poured 'libation' ).
Step 3: Now it’s time to start completing offers! I’ve already got a guide on how to complete them successfully here-don’t worry, the link opens in a new tab! Altogether it will take you an hour, if you follow the offers guide successfully, which isn’t bad considering you get a free month of Runescape membership at the end! In fact some people can do it in only 30 minutes! (IMPORTANT: Make sure to sort the offers in order of most credited-as highlighted in the picture-this will ensure you do the best offers to get points).
Together they worked in the garden and communed with God freely, but one day, the unthinkable happened. Under deception, but still in direct disobedience, both Adam and Eve ate of the forbidden tree. Their eyes were opened and they were ashamed of their nakedness, so they sewed together fig leaves to make loin clothes for themselves. They heard God walking in the garden and hid from him, only to be called out and questioned.
Resting along side of her
Susil was asked to comment on Chin’s warning which came about after the party’s central working committee (CWC) meeting yesterday.
Last night, as I leaned in to give my shirtless 9-year-old a quick hug, my head jerked back. The smell of body odor hit me in the nose like a well-placed boxer's punch.
I've had to put off the Christmas baking, I blame the 3 dozen cookies I baked last week for the weight gain, I forgot that Christmas baking was for guests and somehome consumed almost all those cookies myself. Not at once thank God, but over the last week and a half. I'm way too good at baking, and I'm not bragging I'm just saying that I only bake what I love, so...I wouldn't love it if it wasn't yummy. :) It may surprise some of you but I'm a picky eater. I don't beleive in wasting calories on something I think is okay, I only eat what I really like when it comes to fattening treats.
The Christ Child, living in the womb of Mary his Mother, already had perfect use of reason and will – he was able to know each of us, and he loved us all not only as God but even as man. The unborn Child yet had a Sacred Heart with which he loved us even in his humanity.
I have heard this song quite a few times. I finally did a search to see what the exact song title was. So tada - today's video is Perfect People by Natalie Grant. And a treat for you as it is live. I like to see if I can find the actual performances of the song. So yay!!
It also seems that Eru will present a mystery, as when asked why she joined the club she simply replied with “for personal reasons”. Eru herself is quite adorable, as is Houtarou trying to resist her, as is Satoshi being an encouraging friend. Their interaction is quite charming.
Aki: No. You know mommy.
"Benefits and Work has seen one recent medical report in which a DWP doctor explicitly stated that he had used the Biopsychosocial model. The claimant has Chronic Fatigue Syndrome and was seeking renewal of an award of the middle rate of the care component and the higher rate of the mobility component. His condition had deteriorated since his last award over two and a half years ago. The doctor who visited him recorded that: ‘There are few significant findings other than subjective tenderness and stiffness. But the customer is clearly living the life of a disabled person and I have applied the Biopsychosocial model’. The doctor then stated, without explaining how the conclusion had been reached, that the claimant’s condition was just 40% physical and ‘60% psychosocial’…. This allowed the decision maker to conclude that the claimant’s award of higher rate mobility was no longer appropriate as the primary reason for his virtual inability to walk was psychosocial rather than physical".
My pooch was abandoned, left to fend on his own and was picked up running the streets of this large city by a shelter. He was severely malnourished and had a horrid case of kennel cough. His time was up and one day last November he was scheduled to be put down. That’s when I received a frantic request to please foster him so that he too could have a chance at life.
My sacred one, my mother.
Most Popular Comments
Issue 1 includes some wonderful articles from a very talented and knowledgeable bunch with such gems as:
"if i can stomach 1.5hours watching stupid chickflicks, hantu bonceng yang entahpape tu, or matsalleh movies yang banyak maksiat tu kat movies yang takde benefits at all, why can't i spend that time watching this video?" - i questioned myself. imagine if it was me there, and if my child was killed. nauzubillah.. i admire the kids in this video too. no grudges, no hatred.. want to be a doctor to treat the injured.. *nangis* Ya Allah.. protect them..
Thankful for YOU.
It appears that Workers’ Party thinks that Hougang residents will vote for them, no matter what.
in Orlando is just days away!
Bosh if you think I'm nuts. God Save the Queen of the United Kingdoms!
50g sultanas
This past week I talked to Kevin at The Bruery and he said that they sold out of all 1,000+ bottles of Black Tuesday in three hours! Each bottle of Black Tuesday was $30 each and had a limit of three per person. See a photo gallery of the events here:
The idea came to me while I was trying to figure out what to do for Saturated Canary's Challenge #5. This challenge is AnyThinG GoeS!!! Just create what inspires you. What inspires me right now??? Well, Christmas presents, of course!!! To be specific, my baby girl's Christmas presents :-)
As a warm up for the grey matter, Judith suggested describing someone you know in terms of a piece of music, a colour or an animal.
People of faith have supernatural experiences all the time. God is Himself supernatural after all. How else would He communicate with us? The experiences of St. Faustina, St. Bernadette, the students of Kibeho, Sister Agnes of Akito, the shepherd children of Fatima and many, many others are mighty demonstrations of the power of Heaven when it wants to get Earth's attention. Each of us who strives to live a devout life could I'm sure talk about varying degrees of supernatural experiences as well, though we hesitate to share our stories with anyone.
But you can do so much more with them...
Pastor Steven Furtick was speaking “on keeping your God sized vision when there is no sign of it happening anytime soon. Pastor Steven is a dynamic pastor with a passion for impacting a generation. It’s definitely a message you won’t want to miss."
so far, every motorcycle I've seen?
- Joint aid and relief planning with the U.K.
Another major activity at OSCE consists of submitting papers to the official OSCE archives. There are guidelines to follow, both in style and in size, and it is recommended to keep papers to three pages, though more is accepted. In these papers it is possible to elaborate on issues presented briefly in the plenary sessions, add details, quotes and sources, and after the conference the papers will be available on the OSCE website for interested parties to access.
But, of course, Gabo didn’t know about Ice XV when he wrote 100 years of Solitude.
12.30 P.M. TO 3.00 P.M., SATURDAY, 23RD OCTOBER, 2010, outside Sheffield Town Hall.
“We’ve always encouraged young people: Take a shot, go for it, take a risk, get the education, borrow money if you have to from your parents, start a business.”
REASONS TO STAY: Not on par with Pixar’s other films. Mostly fluffy, could easily have been a direct-to-cable film from a story standpoint.
Taxpayers had already spent more than R30m on the legal costs for former national police commissioner Jackie Selebi and former Ekurhuleni metro police chief Robert McBride, according to the report.
And where is the money going? I know I may be labouring this point a little but I assume that they're making a whole load of fucking cash from this. And I assume that whatever coin is left over from rent boy rental is going back into the church to help pay the travel expenses of other paedophile priests as they get moved from one fresh meat parish to the next.
FACTOID: Jeremy Renner was originally set to voice a role but had to bow out because of his busy schedule.
Hardly recognised him up there on the platform. Didn’t look anything like Commander Scott in that ‘Warzone’ movie. Like someone had taken his ass and shaved off a few inches here and there. Felt good knowing I could take him without breaking sweat.
Biggest, most frustrating decision today is….what to buy for a wedding gift! We have a wedding to go to tomorrow. It’s more “business” related then “friendship” related.
And it was time.
So they dug all day
She gave me the chance
On this piece of vellum, I embossed the corner with just a piece of the Impressabilities which I inked up with Dye Ink (CTMH Spring Iris Ink)-the Letterpress Technique. The dye ink gives it a soft look.
“They’re always there you know?” He says offhandedly as he sights along the top of the gun. “Whispering mostly. They pay a lot of attention to us, but it’s because they need us.” Bruce takes a breath.
But the lessons of our fathers
The air was soft, the ground still cold.
One hairpin turn later, Monday night left me wracked with panic over non-existent lesson plans for Tuesday. Combine that with heartache over my husband's and my late night, wedding-going induced installment # 2734 of our disagreement about when to have children (can you guess who thinks: Now!) and you have a dark road covered with tangled branches.
(12-23-30)
Well, in today’s other lesson from Paul’s letter to the Corinthians, we may have a starting point. The first sentence of that reading is “Don’t you know that you yourselves are God’s temple and that God’s Spirit lives in you?” 1 Cor. 3:16
08. Saikai
I have been offered several writing opportunities in the past and normally I would have loved to attempt a shot at making money with writing. However, I have not been able to take advantage of those opportunities. I am way too busy with Sugar & Spice.
Drooling yet? It's OK, you aren't alone....
Her husband was injured in a car wreck in recent years and couldn't work. He'd already escaped death once, she said.
Plans are still moving forward for our "Pickin' on the Prairie" show August 18th and 19th. We have had some great vendors sign up and have several others telling us they will be signing up as well. From handmade furniture, jewelry, aprons, honey and more . . . there will be something for everyone here!
Bear and I went for a walk with my Dad to the corner store like we do everyday. I always get tied to a big pole while my dad goes in store.
Luckily, they let us into the theatre at 8:45 to wait comfortably until 12:01 am. Thank goodness, because my feet were falling asleep and I am pretty sure the people sitting behind me were tired of looking at my bootie crack hanging out. I tried to keep it covered, but when you wear jeans and sit on the floor sometimes it's just unavoidable.
There was a temporary exhibition of contemporary Fine Art, constructed around private collectors and their collections, A Private Affair. Below are works by Lisa Milroy, Andrew Bracey and Gordon Cheung.
And yesss I have another Fabulous lady who agreed to be my GDT (for this week) ...and that is Roberta Laliberte, she is also an artist, she makes digistamps, wonderful paintings and lots of other stuff....She also has her own Challenge Blog called Prairie Fairy Fun Fridays and her own Digistamps Shop called Prairie Fairy Designs...check it out guys. Thank you Roberta for joining me into the fun at the Sketch Saturday Challenge....."mwah" and yesss You also have to check out her Blog too....then you can see for yourself what I am talking about....wowzersssss.....
So no, I won't torture you with a run-down of all the things I miss from my childhood (leg-warmers, big hair, and hammer pants . . . yeah, go google that if you don't know what I'm talking about. You won't regret it). BUT, I will tell you that when I discovered packs of Garbage Pail Kids at the local Five Below, I snatched some up. Double packs, because I knew I'd have to share these with my bloggy friends.
This post is one of a series from professor Nisse Goldberg's Plant Taxonomy students at Jacksonville University. FNPS blogger Laurie Sheldon assisted the students with their initial drafts, providing suggestions for editing and content development.
This is my 2nd post today. If you are here looking for my Tickled Pink sponsors Paper Sundaes post then just keep scrolling down or click right HERE.
whether the social value of patenting is substantially reduced "because it
We’ve been touring Flora Slosson Wuellner’s Prayer and Our Bodies last week and this week, looking for insights to encourage our pursuit of holistic body theology. Just as body theology is about not only our own bodies but also what we do with them in the world, so Wuellner’s book encourages prayer not only with our own bodies but also with our community body. She writes, “The nurture, inclusiveness, and sensitivity which we try to bring to our own bodies is precisely the same nurture, inclusiveness, and sensitivity we are asked to bring to our community body.”
Let’s be honest: the closest we’ve come to adventure recently was purchasing a 75 cent memoir by an unfamiliar author at the public library’s book sale, (which, by the way, turned out to be a bad decision). So we can’t complain if anyone appears surprised when we voluntarily participate in semi-athletic events. Zach is actually quite good at skiing. He keeps pace with me out of the goodness of his heart, but I suspect he could have handled much more difficult trails on his own.
I wish a portion of the rocket develops a life of its own, boomerangs, and slams right into kim jong-un’s fat face!
My templates have been added to your blog through a gadget. You need to go into your dashboard and select "Design". Look through your gadgets to find the one where you have my html code. "delightfuldots" will be in the wording towards the bottom of the gadget you have set up for my template. Once you find it, you will want to delete the gadget.
A bit later, Brodsky again got granular, asking questions about the relationship between construction jobs and tax revenues, and getting himself—and the ESDC staffers—confused. “We are clearly swimming in water that we don’t understand,” Brodsky observed.
The design paper is from Eline, the sentiment stamps are from Whimpsy, the card-stock flowers are from a die of Magnolia and the leaves from Crealies.
“It in the lover’s character, that they think no evil of the subject loved.” (Henry Wadsworth Longfellow)
All by my little self
The last series of Big Brother, I’m proud to say, I never saw a single second of. I’m really not interested in the show anymore but I do glance through entertainment news and a certain article caught my eye. Here are some quotes:
The hard thing is I can't say anything quite yet. Something very unexpected happened to us on Friday. I can say, God is good. My husband is amazing, faithful and godly. My boys are happy and healthy (well except for this cold we have) and Baby O and Mama are just fine.
We are sponsored by Di's Digi Downloads & several of the team have used Di's images as they are just adorable!
So with all that time, I should be doing so much, right? The words should be pouring out. I'm back at work now, part time, so that fills some of my week. But there is still plenty of time for words. Oh, I've written some, OK quite a lot recently, but they've stopped. Gone right off. I need to get back into some sort of routine now, find a work/life/writing balance.
The most common cause of fingernails that suddenly take on an unhealthy tinge is some type of fungal infection. Both yeast infections and bacterial infections can easily be picked up at an unsanitary nail salon—usually caused by the use of unsterilized tools. “A yeast infection can cause the nail to separate from the underlying skin,” says Kleinsmith. “The nail can start lifting up and a crumbly, white fungus can appear underneath it.” A bacterial infection can cause the affected nail to turn slightly green. And getting too vigorous with the cuticle pusher or nippers can lead to either a yeast or bacterial infection in the cuticle surrounding the nail. “If you notice sudden swelling or pain in the cuticles a day or two after a manicure, see a doctor to get on antibiotics,” she recommends.
1/2 t pure vanilla extract
You might just learn something.
I was just introduced to an online network that could revolutionize the Food Sovereignty movement, it is called Community Share Association. The Community Share Association “is a private association of American citizens who have chosen to reclaim our constitutional right to be legally liable and 100% responsible for the choices we make, most specifically with regards to food, medicine & health care.
Now many women are concerned about ‘spillage’. The rule of thumb is this, your gusset cups should not cover much more than the lower half/hemisphere of your breasts. The nipple should be just barely covered by the edge of your binding, or even half-covered. The top half of your breasts should be pillowed in the cups. What keeps them from falling out is the neckline of your shift. The shift is an essential partner in the team that is your Regency underpinnings, and it acts like the top half of your bra. You really
Now for the rest of the week.
The third saying of Jesus as He hung on the Cross, living up to His Name, which was to save His people from their sins was to his mother and his disciple who stood by her. To the mother, he said “WOMAN, behold thy son!” and to the disciple, He said “Behold thy mother!” (John 19:26-27).
Having said all that, I also think it really is the most wonderful time of the year. And here are my whys...
So I wait until the light grows weary,
Isn't he just the cutest little guy? I stole him. He was a freebee and if I use him I should give credit to the artist. However, I can't find where I got him. I can't even find him anywhere on my hard drive. So I can't give the artist the credit he/she so deserves. So, I stole him.
Hey, Wildchild, keep your hair black it suits you
I can hear my name.
Regardless of what one thinks of Hank Williams Jr., politically, Hank is a musical national treasure. After all, of the Williams boys (Hank Williams Jr. and Hank Williams III), Hank is the most commercially successful heir to the throne of Hank Williams Sr. Whether one is looking to expand his/her conception of country music or just music, in general, “Hank Williams Jr: Greatest Hits Vol. 1 is a valuable piece of Americana.
I hadn't connected all the changes in my body until I saw my doctor. I had thought I had bad luck with the weight gain and blamed the acne on my meds and the increase in facial hair to old age. I was having pain in my pelvis too, so she had an ultrasound done and they found a lot of cysts on my ovaries. She sent me to the endocrinologist in her office who is really good and well known and he looked at everything, had me do some more blood work and eventually said I had PCOS.
About Peggy Abner
I’ve gotten to the point in my rescue career that the phrase “Breed Specific Legislation” (BSL) makes me immediately scowl, shake my head, and launch into a spiel about how much I hate it. Like many other things in the advocacy world, I feel like everyone who supports pit bull type dogs feels the same way I do. It wasn’t until I mentioned BSL and Mark asked me what it was did I realize that not everyone knows what Breed Specific Legislation is, let alone its negative consequences.
Duet: After performing solo, Rihanna took to the stage to sing alongside Coldplay’s Chris Martin
Because all French parents look after their children financially (food, accommodation, cinema tickets, trips to Subway, holidays, new clothes, pocket money, etc) until they are 32, you could be 18, or you could be 23: the CROUS don't care. They want to know what your parents earn. If your parents are poor enough, you could be eligible for a grant. Only if you're French though. You can still be eligible if you're an EU citizen, but you need to prove your parents have been working here in France for 2 years. So basically - not very many of us foreigners are going to get the gift of government aid during our stay here in this delightful country. Which means that I am extremely lucky with this room.
31. Hit a home run
I love to read how Roberts makes each brother with a sorted past because that is how they have bonded. I still want to know all of Seth’s past but Roberts still does not reveal. She keeps you reading until the very end and wanting to read the next.
“Since he’s the main person who represented Perimekar, Razak Baginda is obliged to answer to the subpoena.
And then there are people who ask us to do it soon because they are bored(!). I am not even joking. There are people who ask us to stop having fun as we have already had a lot and tie the knot soon. Talk about up-selling(not)! There are a few who are worried about my biological clock and are dreaming about my babies when I am not even sure if I want one.
Exclusive: Joe Miller sounds alarm over deal to put land in hands of Putin’s Kremlin
Overlap the corners and cut diagonally across. By overlapping and keeping them in sequence the corners should fit together well - even if they aren't cut quite straight.
A- Next time if you don't hit me, I am going to hit you.
It was a typical fall morning in Southern California. Sunny and comfortably chilly, a few cirrus clouds high above a light layer of smog. I was on my way to visit Marty at “Casablanca.”
So speculating based on who we imagine our daughter’s birth mother to be, or what struggles she might have faced, or how she might have loved our daughter, well… I just can’t go there. I can’t assume to know the mind of a woman so unlike me on so many levels. I’m spoiled. I’m rich (relatively speaking, of course). I’m well-educated. I’m an American. And insanely blessed to be living in a country that values women as much as it does men.
The Eagle reports that the project will have private apartments, but also large communal areas including a dining room and kitchen (“for sharing occasional meals together”), a living room and game room, kids room, guest room for visitors, a workshop and tool room, and outdoor space.
And I was entranced. The archaic language was unsettling for a minute or two, but after that I became absorbed in the story, language, and truly incredible acting.
+ Limited-slip differential fitted as standard
When the previous class was done, his adorable little sister came skipping out, grabbed his box of Nerds, poured half of them into her mouth, and accidentally spilled the rest of them on the floor.
To call the Salmon Plate an . . . um, Salmon Plate, is an understatement of absurd proportions. Sure, it's got salmon, but on a bed of kale salad, with pine nuts and roasted vegetables (beet, brussels sprout, onion, garlic, zucchini), with curried quinoa and mac salad on the side. So good, and so good for you.
Centre of Pressure (CofP) is the balance of downforce at the front and rear axles. As such it’s analogous to being the aerodynamic equivalent of Longitudinal CofG (balance of mass between the axles). CofP is also known as termed as aero balance.
So we come to our final fruit of the Spirit – self control. Self-control is about a mastery over all tempers, appetites and passions. It is about being able to control the self! We all have sinful desires and we all have things that we struggle with, but self-control is about not giving in to them. It is about having the strength of will to say I will not do that. Both in the Bible and in the world today self-control is often mentioned in relation to drunkenness. I think as students this may be something that comes up often for you. There is rarely ever a night of the week when you can walk along the Bailey without being met by a stumbling drunken student who has had one, or usually quite a few, too many. For many of you, you will go to the pub relatively often, go on nights out quite a bit, sit at home drinking a fair amount. None of these things are wrong. But the Bible tells us that we must have self-control when it comes to drinking. We must not get bladdered every night. We should not be the one stumbling drunk along the Bailey or falling into traffic on the way up South Road. We ought not to be the rowdy ones disturbing neighbours and making a fool of ourselves. Self-control is about other things too. I don’t want to go into a long list of things that people may struggle with because I don’t think that would be helpful for any of us. We all know what our own weaknesses are. Maybe we drink too much, maybe we eat too much, maybe we can have a nasty temper, whatever it is, we must learn to have self-control. I have found that talking about my struggles with a close, trusted friend often helps me to practice self-control, not least because it is awful to have to tell someone else about your failings! I guess for me this works a little like the practice many of you will do of going to Confession. Methodists don’t have such a practice, yet many people see having an accountability partner as a good way to keep oneself in line. The list of fruits of the Spirit is closed by self-control just as the list of works of the flesh concludes with ‘drunkenness, carousing and things like these’. Paul tells us that those who are ‘led by the Spirit’, who ‘live by the Spirit’ and ‘by the Spirit also walk’ attain, in its perfection, the grace of complete self-control.
"you haven’t really seen Brighton in all its aching, melancholic glory until you’ve walked from Palace Pier along the deserted seafront into neighbouring Hove, or ducked out of the rain into Marrocco’s Italian cafe for a warming hot chocolate or even a scoop of their top-notch homemade ice cream"
Italy throws a punch at Austria and misses, but Austria falls over anyway. Italy raises both fists in the air and runs round the room chanting.
The rules require patients to give their consent and a review board must approve the procedure before using adult stem cells.
Reading through news24′s archive of stories on rape made me sick to my core. Why have these issues on murder and rape become so normalised?!!
When the excitement fades of the culture you’ve crossed, when you walk in a fog and your hopes seem lost,
This is one complete Unit. In good fiction, once you finish one MRU you do another, and then another, and then another… The point to remember is that first drafts are for getting the words on the paper, no matter how terrible. The real magic happens in the rewrites, so don’t worry about trying to make things perfect the first time around.
My felwow Amewicans and Wepubwicans, I'm sure you were disgusted that evewy station was showing those Democwats twying to pick the wight man to wun against my bwother Jeb as the next Pwesident.
I recently read a blog post about the changes in the health care marketing and research industry and how there has been a mass exodus of talent. I was not surprised to read this, only surprised to read it recently. I spent the majority of my career working in medical education and marketing in small agencies supporting pharmaceutical companies and the associations they give those “unrestricted educational grants” to.
14. Bullseye (prod Theretracks)
I won three of their polishes a while ago in a giveaway and never got around to showing them, so I'll be posting them this week.
It is time to go and visit with Patrice on her porch. This is how the porch looks in the early morning. I am able to sit out here when it is cold because it is protected. If you were able to come and visit we would sit here and have tea.
Ready to see?
- The happiest moment?
So, this Thanksgiving in our home, I'll be attempting the three P's that make it special for me & to me and hope that those who come to share this day of thanks with us feel loved and special the way I truly hope they will.
Stay. I like the way you kiss me there, and there and especially where,
I think that all of the criticisms of the plan have validity.
There is a question! Are we really concerned about our health and wellness or it’s just because everybody knows and comments about that issue?
4 – Point out the mistakes of othersPeople need to be aware of their failures or they’ll never be able to change. So, keep an eye out for others’ missteps or mishaps and then leak the word to the rest of your employees or volunteers. Be specific and stern. Don’t give the person a chance to explain his actions since that’s usually just a way of denial or shirking responsibility. It’s even more beneficial to make the shortcomings of others public, so that other people in the organization can keep them in line.
*Handle your contact lenses with care.
Hollister nodded. Corporal's privilege. PFCs took Cooper's lectures more stoically.
(I can use all the items over as many times as I want and adjust them as my layout calls for it.)
4. Kinda Tortilla Soup. Heat 1 cup broth. Add the juice from a lime wedge and a few drops of hot sauce. Tear up two tortillas and add to the broth. Any leftover cooked vegetables or frozen vegetables like carrots, spinach, or onions may be added. Heat until boiling. Top with grated cheese, chopping scallions, pieces of chicken, and/or cooked shrimp. This is definitely the best way to use stale, dry tortillas.
So, what to expect? I’ll still update the blog from time to time with any interesting news I stumble on, likewise I should be attending the Eurogamer Conference in late-September so be sure to check out my thoughts on any upcoming games I get to play. Finally, assuming Lovefilm send me some actual games rather than countless movies, the occasional review may be posted up – just don’t expect any feedback on brand new releases.
Ingredients for Lemon Curd Filling
* Coping with Chloe deals imaginatively yet sensitively with themes of grief, loss, and depression. How much did the qualifications mentioned above help, and influence, the book?
Mark C. Toner, State Department Deputy Spokesperson, stated Sri Lankan journalist Ekneligoda’s disappearance has had no arrests to date.
CIA Director Propaganda: Cyber attack could be next “Pearl Harbor” City of San Francisco Says Its Toxic Sludge is Good for You Fomenting Armageddon: Jerusalem’s Colonization and Western Apathy Watch: Ultra Zionists Take Manhattan, and Demand the Holy LandSpeakers at an extremist rally lash out at Jewish groups and Dem politicians, warn that cozying up to Obama would endanger Israel and imperil the settlement enterprise. Proposal: All New Yorkers Become Organ Donors $50-$60 Billion Laundered from US nonprofits into illegal West Bank colonies creates threat of terrorism backlash No Wonder Christians Are Lost How the Western Media Promotes a Mistaken View of the World
Success rate depends on
lovely nymphs of
South Africa had to learn from other countries when it came to protecting state information.
The movie was in danger of being quite hard to watch, as the story line is quite brutal, but they found a way of making sure you understood that lots of people were dying without being in your face about it.
Order Renegade Magic:
Today I have decided to review two very tasty adult beverages: the 120 Carmenere from Santa Rita, Chile and the White Rascal Belgian-style white ale from Avery Brewing (Boulder, CO). Both were so good I couldn’t decide which to tell you about…. so I chose both.
Please don’t tell me to sew: I used to sew over 80% of my wardrobe for over a decade. It does require several hours per month. That creative fun time is now replaced by cycling time, blogging and when I get around to it, art work.
Thank you for your kind words regarding Keith Laufenberg's talents as a writer. He does have the ability to weave very poignant stories that captivate, entertain, as well as educate.
So I can finally blog it now that I know it is safely in her hands – smiles!
David Talbot is TR’s chief correspondent.
I have been trying to think of something to post here texts-wise that could be read out or contemplated on this day. The surviving texts from the ancient world on Hadrian are not always flattering, and are rarely written in a way that was specifically intended to praise him. A great many inscriptions and other documents written by Hadrian have survived, but it doesn’t really seem fitting to post those either–as interesting as Hadrian’s Oil Law, or an advice letter to an imperial procurator on how to deal with overzealous tax collectors in Asia Minor, happen to be, they’re not exactly his “greatest hits,” as it were. He wrote a few poems, but the ones that have been preserved with certainty are also not things that seem adequate to the task for today.
Forget like a child any injury done by somebody immediately. Never keep it in the heart. It kindles hatred.
But, I told Carynn I was gonna answer her questions because I am bar tending in a bar where the only person in it at this moment is myself and I am incredibly bored.. So with out further ado Carynn's questions.
FEWW believes New York City could be struck by a megaquake (MQ) in the not so distant future.
So the first thing i want to tell you about is....Well how can i put this politly....ummm.....The devil most certainly did not go to Georgia.....Infact he went to a little place called Burnham-on-Sea in somerset....and was reincarnated as a She-Beast......Shes about 6ft 2ins tall has bright red curly hair and walks with a kind of limp that makes you think.....is that cos shes not used to wearing shoes on her tiny little hooven feet.....she gave me one stare and i swear to you all now...a little wee came out....
Well, at least it was enjoyable. Hopefully I can deliver each and every author’s own uniqueness.
I was feeling pretty down about the whole dance thing because of Ella, but I figured at the very least Josh’s presence could sweeten the deal a bit.
I lit yr. cigarette,/
Rahab – to hide spies when it would have been more politically correct to expose them. “Hide them? I could be killed for doing this!”
Exhausting.
Are there any petting zoos that allow the petting of these? I don’t want to touch a big one, thank you this book, but I need to cuddle the above. My maternal instincts only go so far as holding a kitty once in awhile, but baby tiger fotos make me want to cuddle something severely.
He had the stroke about a month ago and, for a comedian, that’s death. It would have been horrible if he had come back ‘slightly’. Because he was so full-on. I loved him.
Crowded House Into temptation NZ
In Japan, a woman who works as a housekeeper to support her young son takes an assignment with a mathematics professor. The professor himself no longer works. Due to a head injury his short-term memory lasts only 80 minutes. Then it is erased and he starts over. He has retained nothing permanently since 1975.
Paul sought the resurrected life; the life beyond the hardships and cares of this life. That wouldn’t be had without that, which goes before; “the fellowship of His suffering and to be made conformable unto His death.” He was experiencing something of that in the Roman confinement. He was experiencing a bit of the “fellowship of Christ’s suffering.”
DRAM / Flash RAM Memory - defendants include Elpida Memory Inc., and Hynix Semiconductor. To view the complaint, click here.
Now thread a needle with matching thread because you're going to sew those 24 snaps onto the skirt
Ever since there was Web 2.0, I don’t know if it revolutionized the Internet very much, but the suffix 2.0 has caused a huge stir in the vocabulary of common geek man (Common Geek is one who lusts for that 1TB USB external hard drive for $99 through techbargains.com).
The wise man saw the young and simple straying into the house of the strange woman. The house seemed so completely different from what he knew it to be that he desired to shed a light upon it, that the young man might not sin in the dark, but might understand the nature of his deeds. The wise man looked abroad and he saw but one lamp suitable to his purpose; it was named “At the last;” so snatching this he held it up in the midst of the strange woman’s den of infamy, and everything was changed from what it had been before: the truth had come to light and the deceptive had vanished. The young man dreamed of pleasure, in wanton dalliance he hoped to find delight; but when the lamp of “At the last” began to shine, he saw rottenness in his bones, filthiness in his flesh, pains and griefs and sorrows as the necessary consequence of sin, and wisely guided, wisely taught, the simple-minded started back and listened to the admonitions of the teacher, “Come not nigh the door of her house, for her gates lead down to the chambers of death.”
Not only did he not pass on the details to police or children, but he actively coerced the children into staying silent. And he has LIED about the support the children were given.
Example: Michigan All-American defensive end Lamar Woodley is shown in a split screen view with USC offensive tackle Kyle Williams. You (aka me) as Woodley: “I think he’s a good man, I like him, I got nothing against him, but I’m definitely gonna make orphans of his children.”
I was out on my Mukluk several times this week in temps that ran the gamut from unseasonably warm 50s to more normal single digit temps that had my toes crying uncle after two hours even with my Lake winter cycling boots protecting them. I'm curious to see how my road bikes feel once I hit the streets this spring after having spent most of the winter on what amounts to a tank in comparison.
Hello! Thank goodness it is FRIDAY!! :) I have a fun little card for you today! I just LOVE this adorable little puppy image from the Dog Sympathy set form Our Daily Bread Designs! Here I have colored the image with copics and paired it with some Basic Grey Max ans Whiskers DP. To finish off the card, I added some satin double sided ribbon from the Really Resonable Ribbon Store, and crystal brads from Zva Creative!
On an entirely normal, beautiful fall day in Chester's Mill, Maine, the town is inexplicably and suddenly sealed off from the rest of the world by an invisible force field. Planes crash into it and fall from the sky in flaming wreckage, a gardener's hand is severed as "the dome" comes down on it, people running errands in the neighboring town are divided from their families, and cars explode on impact. No one can fathom what this barrier is, where it came from, and when -- or if -- it will go away.
There has been speculation that Kucinich may try to gain a seat from Washington state after losing in a redistricted election in Ohio. To that end, he has taken up speaking in the west coast state where the filing deadline for candidacy is May 18th.It is also easier to get on the ballot in Washington, without petitions or other expenses and complications getting in the way.
Even though the doctor said not to- it is possible that I am freaking out a little. I know we are lucky and that it is most likely not a big deal but "Your son has a tumor" are not really word I like hearing.
-11 57 ’6.67 , -76 52 25.71
The The The beaten generation UK
I'll focus on three of the stories not only because they're the best in the book but because they also illustrate where MacLeod really excells. First off the line is Miracle Mile a story about two childhood friends who have grown up to become professional distance runners. As the Giller Prize judges noted 'MacLeod brings into vivid concrete language the physical experiences that mark us as profoundly as any thought.' By writing about two 'track people' he is able to mark the ways in which their bodies are different to those of most ordinary people, 'designed to do only one thing....We all had our special skills, our fascinating powers and we just barnstormed from city to city, performing them again and again in front of different people....Sometimes I thought it might be better to be able to eat fire, or swallow a sword...'
Who is it?
have had our biannual migration talks and we have talked — we have
Today was the unveiling of the F2012 by Ferrari and the VJM05 by Force India both of which have the same ‘step’ or ‘Platypus’ noses as the Caterham so what is in a nose?
This month, we have a slight change in our venue. One of our members, Ray, is also owner of PA BBQ - now the only BBQ restaurant in Indiana. The club will meet on Tuesday, Sept 14 at PA BBQ, starting after 7pm. This is a BYOB event, whether homebrew or a commercial example. Ray will provide a small buffet of ribs, pulled pork, and some other goodies, and asks only for a $5 payment to cover the cost of food. Thanks Ray!
The middle aged man had become an "Older Man" during the years in between.....
It is time the secularists shut up and grew up. They are like spotty adolescents who think themselves clever for cocking a snook at the clergy. Anyone can pick holes in the more absurd myths of religion, just as anyone can make perky fifth-form debating points about the non-existence of God.
But being a Grand Slam Champion in and of itself carries no real value. To be frank, Chris Jericho is the only Grand Slam Champion who might be considered the Supreme Grand Slam Champion because he’s held every title necessary and applicable.
I suspect the variable he's seeking is not "conquered by Arab armies" but "spent over 500 years ruled by a Caliphate dynasty". Which does seem to correlate better with a 21st century democracy deficit.
We need to have in our minds firmly planted and exercised regularly, a vision of that day, it has to loom large in our mind and in our heart; otherwise there’s no prize before us. We have to have the prize set before us, and that is enjoying heaven with all its delights in the presence of God forever, without pain or sorrow or grief. The fight will be over. And so we do need to think of that day often.
I’m not a big fan of Nirvana’s debut album, but School is one song that I absolutely love. So who better to give it a balls-to-the-wall metal cover than Fear Factory? Warning: may cause eardrums to burst through use of double pedal.
Q037) What are the times when you think it’s good to be the youngest?
This is, no doubt, due to my own upbringing in a WASP, Canadian family.
A few weeks ago, I sat down and read The Hunger Games trilogy, and I was excited to see how well it would translate to the big screen. I got my chance to find out today as I went to the 9:30 showing of the first book, The Hunger Games. The dystopian science fiction action-drama film – which is rated PG-13 for intense violent thematic material and disturbing images – stars Jennifer Lawrence, Josh Hutcherson, Liam Hemsworth, Woody Harrelson, Lenny Kravitz, Elizabeth Banks, Stanley Tucci, and Donald Sutherland. Book to film translations are always a mixed bag; for every Harry Potter, you get a Percy Jackson (I’m only assuming, because I’ve never read any of the Percy Jackson books). This film has the benefit of having the author of the series serve as one of the writers of the film. Does the impact and import of Suzanne Collins overrule whatever Lionsgate Films would want to do with her property, or does she stand firm? Only one way to find out…
You don’t have to have a blog to play along with the sketch challenge. If you upload your project to any on-line galleries or forums, please use the keyword of WMSC93. As always you are welcome and encouraged to upload your project to your album in the Waltzingmouse Stamps Gallery!
10. George Bush: Creating the Terrorists Our Kids Will Have to Fight.
I was about 15 years old and singing the song “Put your hand in the hand” from Ocean in the back seat of our family car. That song has a lot of key changes and I was making every one of them perfectly, if I do say so my self. I used to do all of the parts of a song when I would sing along with it (still do actually). My brother, Dick was in the front seat of the car and turned around and said “hey, that’s pretty good”. For him, to divvy out a compliment like this to ME was extraordinary. Compliments were not handed out to me….EVER. My mother looked at him and said “Don’t encourage her!”. I kept singing anyway.
For example, who could resist stopping at the Enaville Resort and Snake Pit? Or Soap Lake? Or Flaming Geyser State Park? Or the Railroad Interpretive Center? Half the fun is trying to guess where these names come from. “Moses Lake. Does it occasionally part itself?” Turns out Moses Lake is parted by the Interstate, which cruises through the center of the lake on a strip of land as thin as the proverbial prophet’s miraculous staff. Then there was the Molly B’Damned Motel. The name raises the obvious question: who was Molly? An ex-wife? An unsupportive mother-in-law? An unhelpful real estate agent? A nay-saying neighbor? Whoever she was, somebody sure showed her.
Which was a brown paper bag and on it, it read
So what do you think? Would death be a less scary idea if you knew that you were able to spend some quality time learning the total amount of insects that you killed without even realising?
Let's go back to the rational Jenny who is now soundly kicking the ass of emotional dark-night-of-the-soul Jenny. "Listen to me, and suck it up you sniveling pansy," she says.
As Sasirekha receives blessings from her parents and then from her aunt Rukmini Devi, your heart jumps with joy to see Sri Krishna as he comes up to bless her. You feel Krishna’s presence throughout this movie, whether He is actually “in the shot” or not. That is another delightful thing about this movie.
The agent came for me during a geography lesson. She entered the room and nodded at my fifth-grade teacher, who stood frowning at a map of Europe. What would needle me later was the realization that this had all been prearranged. My capture had been scheduled to go down at exactly 2:30 on a Thursday afternoon. The agent would be wearing a dung-colored blazer over a red knit turtleneck, her heels sensibly low in case the suspect should attempt a quick getaway.
Some of the cards had great messages of wisdom and encouragement, and I thought I would post some of those over the next few days.
Crystal 60˚, 8 oz.
My only excuse for not doing enough
And now, I'm very happy to introduce Tara, someone who's blog and photography I've long admired.
But here's to October, the last awesome month we had before this storm hit. I like that it's still there as a reminder of good times. If I could go back to that month and live in it forever, I would. But now I look forward to NEXT October, when I can say that I survived an entire year in this storm, and beat it.
She needed to know how it was possible that her flight from Detroit left at 8:20am and got into Chicago at 8:33am.
I had planned to concentrate on form today, but because I was uncomfortable I ended up just slugging through 4.3 miles.
For its new book, filled with stories about the dangers of gang life, ARISE Foundation interviewed several incarcerated young gang members about their experiences.
And at the same time, the New York Post was writing yet another story, a follow-up, on the suicide of Fair Lawn, N.J., chef Joseph Cerniglia. The young chef jumped off the George Washington Bridge last week.
"Oh, wait, this could be 5 stitches to an inch...let me move the tape measure a little bit."
The prophecies and workings of this cycle, and its effects on human evolution, are explored in unprecedented new scientific depth in my book The Source Field Investigations (SFI).
Louis Vuitton Travel luggage, which have contributed to bringing within the last holiday, may possibly out of date after a various other age bracket was world the exact opposite is often publicized.
Puff the Magic Dragon ... ABC Family ... 8:30 AM
"But how d'you stop it from being forgotten at the back of the fridge?" he asked (some people are so cynical).
Mentions of barrel aged beers, American hops, massive IBUs and the effect our silly UK taxation system has on stronger, fuller flavoured beers was very welcome. Mention of Fullers, who's John Keeling recently visited to brew our soon to be infamous collaboration, warmed my heart.
june has become a good snuggler, but bear is quite the monkey these days.
Elyse was excited to announce that History Detectives is launching a focus on the history of music. In the show's investigation of The Star Spangled Banner, Elyse had the honor of hearing a private playing of different versions of the song by President Obama's band.
Deer and i wanted to do something special
CHECK OUT THE NEW PICS IN PHOTOS
But this is amazing. When I gave birth to Wilson I was lucky enough to have family and friends who brought us meals and made sure we ate. It was amazing!
“Because I…” He hesitated, trying to come up with something that would sound believable. “I have a column due in the morning and I haven’t even started on it yet.” She knew all about deadlines, so she would understand that. Besides, he did have a column to write, it just wasn’t due until next week. “Rain check?”
Go purchase your copies now. It's a beautiful, exciting, and entertaining anthology. I can't wait to get my final copy!
All I knew was, the house had three bedrooms and two toilets. When we arrived, we were greeted by a charming little cottage set in an orchard, with views of farmland and sweeping hills, a wood fire, and clean, warm beds. The kids had so much space to run, they did backflips. Daisy pottered around the garden, Mum and I had endless cups of tea on the verandah, and Christian...well....he relaxed. Finally.
‘You cannot change the rules that way, because then the gambit would have been illegal. You have to change the rules so that the gambit which changes the rules is itself allowed.’
The homeless, whores, junkies and simply fucked-up might gather around it? They might even light candles?! Actually, I'd kinda like that! Hang on! It would become covered in bird-shit and dirty mags as well - I'd see it every time that I walk by here - I can't have that?!
Stolik sank to his knees. “You can kill me, but we will crush you anyway. One panzer will crush your miserable hut; you will die screaming.”
10/15 – The Club – Denison, TX
I don’t remember much after that, except that we didn’t keep the dog.
I’ll walk through Venice
The front line council staff, the care home workers, the administrators, the street cleaners etc. as well as probably most of the middle managers would simply be employed by the Assembly instead of the current 22 authorities. There would be job losses among the senior management, but as these are the very people who are protecting their own, very generous, salaries and pensions by slashing the pay, conditions and jobs of their (already far lower paid) subordinates, I have pretty much no sympathy for them.
* University of Wisconsin - Madison (USA)
Marjorie and Mark do a great job of keeping the place running smoothly. And they make wonderful hosts. I appreciate their efforts and enjoy working with them.
The Harris County Sheriff’s Office is projected to overspend its annual budget by $51 million, the third straight year it has blown past its planned expenditures by at least $40 million.
You walk the Erie beach
Among children Type II Diabetes caused by decreased physical activity and poor nutrition leading to obesity has reached epidemic proportions. When a child experiences improper weight gain (because of larger amounts of circulating growth hormone) the child increases the number of fat cells rather than their size (as is the case with adults). Consequently, hyper-cellular obesity is especially hard to reverse later on in life.
Ally Sheedy (Man's Best Friend)
I loved the look of the flowers on the photo, so thought I'd start off by making a similar flower of my own. I was very brave ;-) and instead of throwing loads of flowers into the mix I managed to stick to using just one!
1 raspberry jelly
Brrrrrrrrnnnnnng. Brrrrrrrrnnnnnng.
My headaches and IBS have returned.
Since she has a very dark grey leather chair, and LARGE tv in there, I suggested hits of black as well.
Overall assessment: Truman and, especially, FDR made effective use of presidential power; Eisenhower, because he was a political amateur, did not.
Welcome to the fourth edition of The Pulse -- The State of the Art -- a survey in words and pictures of the online artist community. Nearly 150 artists have answered a list of questions which make up The Pulse. Their responses will be presented as a series of online and print projects. Secret Sunday was the first project and the links to all the secrets can be found on the sidebar of my blog. The Book Guild is the second project and Chapter 5 starts right now!
Not just because they boil down wisdom to a soundbite, but because they’re designed to run on faith. They’re designed to keep you alive when the rockslide buries you. Articles of faith are always lies. And that’s fine, as far as it goes, because they can help. But it’s not fine because it builds false hope. And when you hit the reality, you suffer because nobody told you.
On its face, The Scarlet Empress seems like a more common kind of story: a tragedy of overreach. Think of Citizen Kane, The Great Gatsby, or (from a certain perspective) Paradise Lost: stories of overweening protagonists who gain the world and lose their souls. And it's a period drama about royalty, with all the possibilities for lavish sets and costumes that affords. Those lavish costumes are going to be worn by none other than Marlena Dietrich, at the height of her powers:
Ink:Memento,Versafine
If you win you may continue receiving scholarship funds for the duration of the program you are in for up to 4 years, if you continue to participate in the scholarship program. To participate just share information about the work you are doing to help humanity secure a global truce with the other members of the Peace and Collaborative Development Network by uploading information on to this site. You may upload summaries of your term papers or essays and create a website promoting ways to secure a global peace and Cease fire.
And then, of course, there was a whole bottle of sticky, syrup that had splattered on the cabinets, walls, refrigerator and for several feet over the floor, and on me, too. Glass had scattered several feet across the floor, too.
Ribbon - Stash (Recollections)
So just because I can here is a few "pear" thoughts from around the world
ODIs- 74, Runs- 2331, Avg- 40.18, 100s- 3, High- 138*
Use chopstick or metal skewer to push one side of the Paniyaram, this will make the Paniyaram to turn upside down. Cook 1-2 mins or till its cooked.
This time around (I lost 125lbs in 2001 and now I'm back at my peak weight of 327), it's so different, I'm not some crazy person trying to starve/do anything just to lose weight. I'm doing it the right way...yes, eating less calories with lots of great foods and excerising. See, excercising has always been a snore-fest for me, I'm the let's kick some ass kinda girl where I enjoy Zumba, Kickboxing, Swimming Laps, Volleyball, Basketball, Rockwall and more. I didn't joined my gym not for the machines, but for everything else! Stay tuned on my facebook page for what I'm doing!
2010.08.21 Pakistan Baghlia 6 5 Six members of a peace committee are blow to bits by Mujahid bombers.
Upgrade your thermostat. You don’t need your central air conditioning running all day. You can cycle it on and off and still retain a comfortable working environment. An automated thermostat can take care of that. It also allows you to use less energy while you are away from the house — while still cooling or heating it to a comfortable level before you return.
I trusted her. During both of my other pregnancies, she had cared for me frequently. She was a strikingly lovely woman, an inside-out kind of beauty, so open and full of joy. Her hair was just beginning to grow back into small bouncy curls after a fight with breast cancer years before and it was so like her to pour herself out for others even during chemo treatments and cancer recovery.
How does Maya respond to all of this? Let's see:
12. Graffiti
Thinking about you and me
He was funny, but I don’t watch The West Wing and never have, so I can’t comment.
Maritime activities flourish here: the harbour is the home port of a huge fleet of charter vessels and hundreds of sailing and motor yatchts. Sitting on a terrace by the marina, you will be witness to the intense traffic of boats, big and small coming and going along the canals and sailing away into the Wadden Sea.
actually, i am guessing that they were standing in front of a green screen for the photo. still, this is not a view that is shown on baseball cards, and i appreciate it. it's near the 'top of the park' which is where the team store is (was?). thanks to the topography of the dodger stadium site, the highest level of seats in the stadium (the ones behind roberts and green) are also at ground level.
by the way, I think @thefilth on twitter for reminding me of this awesome way to eat our queso.
Some people might purchase cribs and swings when nesting, but only one thing came to mind when I thought about going back into baby mode. A new couch. Owyn and I spent most of our time on the couch after he was born. Napping, feeding, entertaining, etc. I hated our couch and ran across this jem last week and haven't been able to get it out of my head. "It's perfect, I can lay the baby down and not have to worry about him/her rolling off!", Id plead to Dave.
Dr Shea
I'm going to enter into the Magnolia-licious Highlites valentine inspired contest for a chance to win 2 images from the new Sweet Crazy Love collection. You still have 10 days to enter this one if you'd like a chance too.
And to the prestigious Gold Brewgie Nominations;
NOTE: Thus saith the LORD, which giveth the sun for a light by day, and the ordinances of the moon and of the stars for a light by night, which divideth the sea when the waves thereof roar; The LORD of hosts is his name: If those ordinances depart from before me, saith the LORD, then the seed of Israel also shall cease from being a nation before me for ever. Thus saith the LORD; If heaven above can be measured, and the foundations of the earth searched out beneath, I will also cast off all the seed of Israel for all that they have done, saith the LORD.
The LCWR national board agreed in 2002 to write letters of support to New Ways Ministry and chose as the theme for that year’s assembly “Leadership in Dynamic Tension.” In her presidential address to the assembly, Sister Kathleen Pruitt, CSJP continued the LCWR mantra that the Church needed to be reformed, and that LCWR sisters were the very people to do it: “The challenge to us, how best to speak clearly, to act effectively to bring about necessary change, reform, renewal, and healing within our wounded world, our nation, among ourselves, and particularly in our church.… Call for change or reform of structures, modes, and methods of acting that perpetuate exclusivity, secrecy, lack of honesty and openness, all of which foster inappropriate exercise of power, is tension-filled.”
Not only does the purging process reap HUGE benefits for the home and our lifestyle and encourage us to live more simply and eliminate duplicate and unnecessary clutter and items... it also gives you a chance to make a little money as well. I decided that I am adding a side challenge for myself personally, to my original purge 30 items in 30 days challenge.
The problem of congestion of the M4 though and around Newport has been a real and pressing concern since the 1980’s. This vital transport link is particularly vulnerable to car crashes, which can cause gridlock as did the more recent the fire on a lorry in the tunnels. Since the early 1990’s consideration has been given to how to fix the problem, some junctions have been amended to deter local use, but this has not really helped.
Many congratulations Katie Tate. Please contact us (email in sidebar) so we can arrange for you to receive your prize. So onto our new challenge and this week the theme is Decorate The Inside Of Your Card.
Then there is the fact that I left a job I loved, working for a wonderful Montessori school, to start my own in home preschool. I've been given the impression that some people in my community (who sniff out drama) think there is MORE to this story than there really is. That, since I'm being completely open here, is fricking exhausting! Look: People resign from their places of employment and start somewhere new every day. There is no big dramatic story to tell. If you want to know more because you care about me then ask ME, don't troll my blog for dirt. Okay, there I said it.
So yes, I had a wonderful day, I was planning on going to the beach too but it was very windy so we decided against it. The weathers getting better, but the wind is still bitter cold. Will get back some day soon so I can do everything I had planned.:)
Not even us.
Because the thought of doing this forever ... well, it just isn't worth thinking about. I mean, honestly. What would life be like without alcohol, sugar or caffeine? No chocolate. No red wine. No coffee.
Good turnout with all the new Sisters from the Wadsworth Ward that now make up the Ashland Ward. It's going to take some getting used to calling Ashland a "Ward".
Khirad: Khizar is gay, Ashar. He liked my duppata. Gay men go nuts for chiffon and pretty girls.
This will now be achieved by collating the Aadhar database with that of the PAN.
Instead, he spoke, “I’m going to lie down for a bit in the master bedroom. Tattletale, Skitter, you keep an eye on things. Wake me when you need a relief.”
The last days I spend swimming in the sea, walking the beaches and going for a afternoon to the dunes of our dessert. I used to do that a lot before, many days we would enjoy the quietness of the dunes after work.
Can't happen? You really think so?
A few months ago Barry Bonds, a famous baseball player, was tried for perjury in California in connection with allegedly perjured evidence he gave to a Grand Jury about steroid and other drug use. Because many of the questions asked to him were rhetorical, and multi claused, by the end of the case many of the allegations had disappeared from the indictment against him. Put simply, if he was not asked a straight question, it was difficult to prosecute him for giving a false answer, especially where the answers in turn were inspecific and woolly. In a different way Mr Coulson might be the beneficiary of Mr Sheridan’s lack of legal expertise, notwithstanding his undoubted oratorical talents.
She was way too pleased with herself.
-NO! Turuan ng leksyon. Buruhin ang career! 52%
A data scientist is somebody who is inquisitive, who can stare at data and spot trends. It’s almost like a Renaissance individual who really wants to learn and bring change to an organization.
Jim: son of a . . . I owe you a million dollars now?? But I already knew what a chevron was! hehe. . . you said "rectify" when talking about anal bleaching.
When it came time for college there was a small check for the first quarters tuition and books and that was it. I was totally on my own. Tuition was earned, and I busted my rear for scholarships based on academics, not color or gender. Only failing that were there student loans. The loans needed were taken willingly and paid back, even if it meant no new car, no electronics or dinners out, for years. Like any debt, we took them on by choice, we paid them back, as that is what adults do, even if it seemed to be a very slow process.
Next up the minotaur, who has opened countless doors before, tried his standard method of charging the door, but dare I say, he toorolled a natural one. This was no ordinary door! The minotaur lost his footing and hit the door wrong, bruising his shoulder and causing him to sit down for a moment to recover. The mighty door remained locked.
All the top five beer bars in Belgium offer cellar-conditioned beer. The grandfather of them all is Bierhuis Kulminator in Antwerpen. Run by Leen and Dirk van Dyck for 26 years at its present location, where they also have a good cellar. Recently they have trebled their cellar capacity here, allowing them to bring some goodies from an old cellar nearby their former café south of Antwerpen.
At that time, I looked up—way up, the guy was about 6’9″ and looked like a former lineman for LSU—into the face of this guy who just said, “I ain’t got no f%$#ing papers and you are going to give me my f%$#ing paycheck or you will be f%$#ing gator food,” to which I replied “yes sir,” handed him the check, finished the shift and went to the bathroom and threw up. I looked over my shoulder for the rest of that trip, not certain he would not finish me off for threatening to not pay him.
If Mary-Emma sewed one more lacy bit for one more wedding, she would … she would … She had no idea what she would do, really, and not having that idea, shoved the handkerchief into the sewing basket with remarkable vigor.
When they got back into the room, Christian was slamming a man into the wall, apparently fighting with him about something. He had a hold of his throat, holding him up against the wall and letting his feet dangle in the air. The man was a hunter that had been captured and brought in while Darien had been chasing Addison.
I'm certain y'all know what I'm talkin' about here. That's a lonely place to be and quite frankly, it sucks.
Prefab Sprout 'Lions In My Own Garden (Exit Someone)' (1982)
He added that numerous journalists have been detained while others have left the country after receiving death threats.
They hated the Lord to the extent that they demanded His death on the cross. Then their hatred was vented upon Stephen, a man full of the Holy Ghost. He, in acts 7:56, testified of seeing the Lord in heaven. They stoned him.
Today at 100 degrees with high humidity and hormones I long for those air conditioned days where one can work and relax with out getting sweaty and sticky, one can sleep through the night without waking up drenched in sweat, the room full of light from the street lamps because it’s too hot to cover the open windows with curtains or shades. One has more energy, one is more productive, one is not so hard on oneself for feeling so tired and lazy in these long days of summer.
One of the boys mentioned that it would be great to contact her. Well I told them....WHY NOT???
Lowles is campaigning to get the EDL classified, by the Home Office, as an ‘extremist right-wing organisation’. Why? What exactly does he want from this extreme classification? It is simple (though Lowles cannot be too honest about this just in case he comes across as the Stalinist that he is).
02 Ataraxia (Mort Gartson) - Tarot
I’m an enigma to them.”
Hallo nochmal an diesem Freitag, den 11.11.11 :)
. . . There is no statutory requirement for an applicant to file relevant prior art in Canada, although the Canadian Patent Office may request information relating to the prosecution of corresponding applications, including cited prior art. In any event, we recommend that the applicant always voluntarily disclose the prior art information at the outset since the examiner routinely will request it, it simplifies examination and prosecution, and, most importantly, should the resulting patent be subject to a validity challenge based on prior art, Canadian courts generally will refuse to consider any prior art which has already been considered by the examiner during prosecution.
"Fill this out and wait."
* See No. 5 of the Table, British Medical Journal, No. 452, Page 245.
It’s upbeat and folky! Enjoy!
Nov. 7: Hampton Beach Casino, Hampton Beach, NH
I have a good excuse though. I was in the hospital. Then the day after I got out, John went in again. Seriously. Stomach ailments for me (still no diagnosis, but I'm on the blandest of diets, and will be going through some more testing), and another episode of heart failure for John.
so instead of the real thing i will just have to settle for the pleasure i get from my the chook related gifts and op shop finds..
Another thing I recommend is that you show your customer’s that you have liability insurance. Not only does this put their mind at ease on letting you do work on their current system but it also helps explain why your cost may be higher than ABC Air down the street. (if your company name is ABC Air I promise I am not trying to single you out).
I know that my parents worried about my safety because they talked to me explicitly about it. The parameters for safety were always spelled out for me. When I was old enough to understand why, my mother gave me a small plastic box that emitted a piercing whistle at the press of a button. Even as my curfew was pushed back later and later, she always waited up for me. I know now that a part of her must have held its breath every time I walked out the door.
Even if you can’t do it, do it until you can. There must be a way!
From what I’ve heard and could tell, they decided to end the anime this way because they wanted to appease the female market of this brand, which was surprisingly strong for this type of anime (shonen, martial arts) but the female fans did love their Kenshin anime and the anime ending held smack down with a romantic ending that would’ve pleased them. (Surprisingly, there wasn’t a big backlash with the ending)
Design and text style layout with proofs for approval. For most books it costs between £5.00 and £10.00 per thousand words to present the text to professional typographical standards from MS Word file.
PAXMAN: PASTY!?
Just walk into the kitchen, throw a couple of scoops of good grind into the Areopress, grab the kettle, pour and stir, slap a filter on the machine, flip and press. You´re done!
You see, when I do slow down and look for God, I grab onto a set of "legs" I think are His. It's only after while do I actually look and realize I haven't been following who I should be. During these times I feel lost, lonely, broken and defeated. When I am walking with the Father, I feel loved, secure, peaceful and hopeful.
We get up too late. Read too little.
The ring or wheel of the Advent wreath of evergreens decorated with candles was a symbol in northern Europe long before the arrival of Christianity. The circle symbolized the eternal cycle of the seasons while the evergreens and lighted candles signified the persistence of life in the midst of winter. Some sources suggest the wreath—now reinterpreted as a Christian symbol—was in common use in the Middle Ages, others that it was established in Germany as a Christian custom only in the 16th century.
In 2011 Red Bull clearly split this part up into several smaller Battery Packs, there being the two aforementioned units either of the gearbox and another in the gearbox. Although interconnecting these parts with cooling pipes, high current cable and sensor cabling adds some weight, this does provide a nicer packaging solution. It’s logical to explain these new floor mounted parts as batteries. However they do not look like the battery packs seen in the gearbox last year, or on other cars. Being on the floor of the car they are subject to even more danger from impacts as well as the heat and vibration that caused issues last year.
The 'charge is based on the loss incurred by us.’ This claim is absolutely baffling. What loss?? The author pays Elm Publishing to publish their book, then charges them for returned books it claims ‘can not (sic) be delivered, because they are destroyed in the wholesale network to keep the costs low.” To keep whose costs low? – It certainly is not the authors. They are paying for books pulped at the distributors!
2. Run the iExplorer program
And…..if I’m faking it, then that means I could probably fake other mental illnesses, right? So, could you fake an Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder for any real length of time?? Like beyond minutes, hours, or days?? How about for over a year? Could you do that with Aspergers?? Could you feign Schizophrenia?? Agoraphobia?? Or Bipolar Disorder? You might could for awhile, but chances are you couldn’t keep it up 24/7. Would it feel like it fit? Or would it feel like you were wearing someone else’s clothes? If you think you could, go for it! I know I couldn’t. I would get tired. I would forget. I would let my guard down. It would feel very awkward. Funny thing about this DID, though…..it doesn’t feel awkward. In fact, since I was diagnosed, I feel like I’m finally in my right “clothes”. It’s been sort of like when people come out as homosexual. They feel like finally they are being true to themselves. There is that same sense for me with DID….that ahhhh…..I can finally be. And it’s ok. And I no longer have to hide it. I suppose I am not faking it.
A signed written statement from each partner, stating that they are single (if you have been married before, a copy of the divorce papers)
The risk factors for myocardial ischemia are the same as those for coronary artery disease, TIA, and stroke:
Winner of the Spellbinding Award 2009 (Cumbria Schools Library Service).
Archaeology
Last Friday, the Supreme Court stopped the Bureau of Internal Revenue from imposing a 12 percent value-added tax on toll rates. The Professional Heckler tried to get Malacañang’s side on the issue but spokesman Edwin Lacierda was reportedly busy… blaming the Arroyo government.
(The earth's spin, and all forces other than the earth's gravity, are imagined to have no effect on your straight-line path.)
Told you it was a fab sketch, I know you will love playing with it. My teamies as always have created some amazing inspiration for you all. Looking forward to checking out your lovely creations.
Oh my goodness....what a fun morning! I've had the heebie-geebies all week long worrying about this Studio5 spot I was asked to participate in and it ended up being the funnest, funnest thing....not scary at all (once I was there)!
The mayo clinic states that the percentage of females who are unable to lift over ten pounds between the ages of 55-64 is forty percent of the population and for those in the 63-74 age bracket these numbers rise only slightly to forty five percent. However, it gets much worse for the 75-84 year olds, where a full sixty five percent of them were unable to lift ten pounds.
--From Amazon.
Let her know what you really think of Murakami. See if she got through the first chapter of Fellowship. Understand that if she says she understood James Joyce’s Ulysses she’s just saying that to sound intelligent. Ask her if she loves Alice or she would like to be Alice.
Karolyn came over and asked us if we were eating, and indeed we were. We started off with an order of calamari for all of us, and it came out piping hot, straight from the fryer a few minutes later. This were fried nicely to a golden brown, and you could tell the oil they were fried in as fresh and clean. No dirty, burnt crumbs, and just fresh flavor. This hit the spot, and was the perfect starter.
It was kind of obnoxious.
red tiles. Home
3- 2008 Jim
Do you hate rich people? He does too.
I’m not going to take for granted the views of La Alhambra.
The hearts were cut at 3/4" high. I used repositional dotto-dots on the left half of each heart to lay out the pattern and then sewed through each column of hearts. I then folded up the left side of each heart and removed the adhesive with a rub and remove eraser. I wrapped the ribbon around the top of the white layer and then adhered it to the red printed layer using 3D foam tape.
Stamps: Sassy Studio Designs - Wednesday Sara Addams Digital Image
Crawfish bisque. But a nice oyster poboy goes down pretty easily.
Wow, put down the torches.
He Is Coming
stop demanding that I multi-task to *get more done*,
So, let’s talk about the killer in this movie. He is possibly the worst slasher in the history of slasher movies. You see him preparing for his night of killing by sitting in the lotus position like a monk, he has no nipples because apparently he cut them off (they don’t explain this but I’m guessing) but this has no bearing on the story. He’s obviously just a guy because he doesn’t come back at the end (thank God). He wears a mask that is a chrome skull. They call him Chrome Skull. And do you wanna know why? Because that’s what HIS LICENSE PLATE SAYS! So this guy is some no-nippled freak but he had the time to go to the DMV to get a vanity plate and actually procure a driver’s license? I wonder if he wore the mask at the time? At least he smiled in his picture. And is “Chrome Skull” really the best name they could come up with? That worked for “Leatherface”, but Jason isn’t called “Hockey Mask” and this guy is as unimaginative in his kills as he is in naming abilities. In all honesty, they should have called the movie Chrome Skull, at least to let us know what we are in for. The mask itself looks ridiculous, Jason was scarier with the burlap sack than this guy is, and it looks like he actually put time into his mask. This guys MO is to kidnap women, put them in coffins, and then kill them and put them in dumb positions in the coffins. But he must get bored because he just ends up killing people with knives. Also when you have a killer who can be easily knocked down by a crippled guy, you don’t have too much going for yourself. He’s the Charlie Chaplin of serial killers. Also they never give this guy any reason for killing people. I’m not the kind of person who needs a back story for every villain. I usually hate them. But with this guy, they add all these weird touches which never come into play in the movie. Like he attaches a camera to his shoulder to videotape his victims (actually this does play a small but stupid role later in the movie). It would have at least added something interesting to the movie if you found out why he has no nipples.
As I look at people around me,
- Make sure that you are doing things because YOU want to do it, not because someone asked you to do it
So, Mink EO’s him.
I even saw a “PTPTN, the big loan shark” placard hoisted under the sultry sun over the Dataran.
It seems to be in the nature of human beings to argue. Children may argue with friends over who got the biggest cookie or who gets to play with which toy. In some cultures teenagers argue with parents about how late they can stay out, and where and with whom. Co-workers may argue over work assignments. Friendships,love affairs, and marriages are sometimes broken up by arguments. One of the best pieces of advice I was ever give is that it is fine to disagree, but try to disagree agreeably.
I narrowed it down by making it a challenge... choosing something I've never done before.
A couple of weeks ago Grady started Portuguese class at Kumon. He goes for an hour twice a week. He loves it and it's going really well. It involves a lot of reading...in Portuguese obviously. So, when Hadley has finished her 'learning to read' lessons and has a good grasp of reading in English (has had time practicing), she will start the same program...I'm thinking at the beginning of next year probably.
I also sent Sally Evans a wee bit of video on her bee talk at the Callander Poetry Festival back in the autumn. I really enjoyed hearing her speak so knowledgably on the subject, and it has only increased my yen to have a hive, as well as some bantam hens. Sally has added it to an fantastic new section she has on her website, which is all about bees, click here
Knitting plans:
I was busy lately,I was trying to understand who sneaked into my mind’s labyrinth and gained control of my own “free” will .How the hell they pressed the correct button and I’ve been following the sheep for quite some time.
To stand fast signifies that there will be opposition from those who want to entangle us in bondage. Again we seethe religious opposition to the truth that is in Jesus Christ.
So stop on by Annie’s Book Stop of Worcester and purchase your copy today!!
I was mourning the end of summer, but now I'm welcoming fall. Tea, books, flannel things. It's cozy.
Find an article.
Since most of the cast members were couples I tried to arrange things so we could set up housekeeping of sorts whenever I had the opportunity to do so. We would be working a number of towns around the Boston area and also have several days off. Staying near the city made sense.
He goes around mourning because people who don’t have the kind of desire he has for God—are so heartless toward him. Even though he is consumed with a great love for the Lord, he lives with the daily assault of the enemy of his soul. He grows tired of the battle and his loneliness for more of God.
Sometimes I hear about other faculty and students not enjoying A Passage to India, and I find it incredibly strange. This book has all the elements of a good book: drama, tragedy, romance, poetry, and suspense, but I suppose no one can relate to an arse-licking character, although so many of us are trying hard to kiss our way up. Many cannot imagine pre-colonisation India, and many see the British civilising semi-naked people running around with spears in their mind’s eye. Many of us are guilty of still seeing the developing world in a similar way, and we pick on their objects of worship, their clothing, and their language. Non-Western translates to savage today. I am ashamed I have fallen into the trap of this ideology.
Until recent times, that is. For since the advent of affirmative action and multi-culturalism, both of which initially were supposed to be ways of making sure all races and classes had access to social and economic advancement, America is increasingly aristocratic in its composition, with privileges being handed out according to race and class rather than according to merit.
Many Asian actresses in Hollywood films are often typecast and best known as action stars/femme fatales.
Will you get subscribers immediately? Well, I've had a newsletter signup on my Animal Junkie blog since it went live and no one's signed up. Why? Because I haven't given anyone a reason to sign up there. Lesson learned. The newsletter signup there is gone. But, I'm now using the Steel Magnolia Press newsletter to convey news.
This is very simple comfort food, on the table in less than 30 minutes. Pinkie promise. By the way, egg noodles or rice would work very well with this steak and gravy.
Dogfish Head Burton Baton
There's a bunch of onsite activities to do during the day, and by the sounds of it they're pretty fun (I didn't go during the day so I wouldn't know). Starting around 5:00pm, different bands start to play at the two outdoor stages. Tonight's performances I saw included Mother Mother (admittedly, don't know them that much) and Kyprios. If you stay that late though, remember to bring a blanket or lawn chairs to sit on, and perhaps a jacket/blanket to cozy up in - it gets pretty cold around 8:00pm!
Proponents are divided on whether or not pregnant women should practice urine therapy. Some believe that it is beneficial for both the mother and the growing fetus. Others advise against it. Because of the fertility properties of urine, birth control pills may be less effective.
When I began my prep school teaching career in the autumn of 1973, the Vietnam War was not quite history: What President Nixon and Secretary of State Kissinger hailed as “peace with honor” had taken hold, most American troops had left Vietnam, and, thanks to Nixon’s policy of “Vietnamization,” only the Vietnamese were dying; but the war was not yet over. So, I didn’t worry about teaching the war as history, nor could I if I had wanted to. After five years in graduate school, I was convinced that only with the perspective provided by the passage of time could a “good historian” hope to approach such a controversial issue with “objectivity.” Moreover, I wasn’t particularly interested in modern American history, since most of my time in grad school had been spent immersed in the politics of late 18th- and early 19th- century Georgia.
Grubbs also collaborated to records by Codeine and Red Krayola, showing himself to be one of the more creative minds of his generation.
Leaders answer the questions – “Who loves/accepts me?” and “Who is in charge?” To have the first and not the latter leads to confusion and throws water on the flames burning in this newly tasked individual. The best time to stoke the flames of excitement is AT THE BEGINNING – letting the fire cool BEFORE parameters are put in place and feedback routine(s) are established does no good.
I left it in the studio for like five minutes and some fucker swiped it.
More than 75 high-profile parole offenders were arrested early Thursday in a massive multi-agency sweep of Los Angeles County, officials said. About a thousand officers from various agencies took part in the 5:30 a.m. sweep. Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger called the effort, dubbed "Operation Disarm," a success during a press conference Thursday morning. The sweep targeted 300 high-profile parolees and resulted in 77 arrests, along with the seizure of 21 weapons, more than 150 rounds of ammunition and caches of cocaine and marijuana. The parolees targeted included felons with weapons convictions and gang affiliations.
Another gourmet delight found in Kansas City. If you just accept the rate your KS car insurance coverage helps pay for reasonable and necessary medical expenses will be required to comply with any recommendations made by the manhattan kansas motels to its collection, organization and interactive technology. The museum also has a mortgage tax, mortgage transfer tax, and property in all price ranges. Either if you own a car accident, each driver's medical expenses for you and your passengers.
Catarina, on the opposite side of the Panamerican Highway, and a short walk uphill from San Juan de Oriente's potter's row, is home to several tiny restaurants and juice stands leading toward El Mirador, or "The Lookout." From this impressive vista one looks due east over the crater lake Laguna de Apoyo, beyond which sits Granada and then Lake Nicaragua. To the south, as if adding some sprinkles to the top of the scenic cake, sits the majestic Mombacho Volcano.
topics, including his health.
Intellectually I know I have to make these cuts for the sake of the book. And I also know that the fact I’m fighting it so hard is a good indication that it is a good idea to make these changes. It’s dangerous to get attached to minor ideas and characters and plot twists but they sap a lot of energy from you and your book.
* Ross Bagdasarian, Jr. as Alvin (singing voice)
I also made this desert which was so incredible. Unfortunately it has lots of butter and brown sugar. Not something I need to eat much of. However they are really good! Since I am not much of a cook I believe if I can do these recipes most anyone sure can too! Here is a picture of mine.
So simple! You could make a bunch of these in no time flat!
If you can't find an efficient algorithm for solving a problem, isn't is better to help users work more efficiently and have a Bachelor's degree as it may seem. Just remember that you are eager for educational enhancement and accelerated job advancement, or prefer a more leisurely learning style- online studies are ideal.
After a while, your brain sees things correctly because it’s our nature to correct things on the fly, especially when we enter a trance mode and are revisiting old information. That’s why teeny revisions suck so bad, because in the end they can lead to a fuck up. Face it, how many times can you read the descriptive for some nauseating piece of fried something before you start speed reading to make sure you get the ad sent by the deadline?
No biggie, I’ll just stop by Niketown. A few minutes later, the worst possible thing in the world happened to me:
In the end however, we were able to do the gravel basing for everything in the army, and do final touch up pieces for models ( such as the Banners, skulls, and lipstick for the wyches ). For the flock we almost got everything finished up, however there were 2 units left over that I had completed on Sunday. Varnish application was applied on Sunday also while it was again quite nice outside.
And she told a conference in Colchester, Essex, that since becoming a Muslim she was a "better worker" and a "better mother" to her two daughters.
"No," she told me. "It was ugly."
First, there is not a great deal of overlap in the three measures. No one stock is in the top five of all three. Second, the relative percentages are vastly different. The S&P, which holds 500 stocks, gives much smaller weight to the top five, as Exxon has only 3.56 percent. The top five have 12.32 percent. The Dow, with 30 stocks, has IBM making up 11.8 percent, with the three stocks shown here making up 22.78 percent. The two stocks in the NASDAQ which overlap with the S&P are Apple and Microsoft. Apple makes up 18.57 percent of an index that holds 100 stocks. Apple and Microsoft make up 27.56 percent of the NASDAQ. Lastly, the NASDAQ holdings here are all technology. The Dow is energy and what some call “old” technology (IBM). The S&P is also energy and old technology.
My faculty advisor encouraged me to base my Nassar paper on how much he followed the imperatives outlined in Huntington's book for the leaders of developing countries to stay in power. The idea was that they in order to enact change they must stay in power. But we all know that this is not necessarily always the case; Egypt's Mubarek stayed in power for three decades and little changed. Reading the accounts of the power struggles after the fall of Mubarek, it's like reading my Master's paper again; the military, the Islamic Brotherhood-- all the same players.
First: Our zip code.
Like I used to
when I ponder and ask "why?",
The crowds of cheering, clapping people were awesome, and so were the bands. It felt epic to run with so many able-bodied people.
Ronnie James Dio Vocals
Back Room Gallery, Fishkill, NY
“That the whole crazy bunch is with me, except Quintus. They are British, after all. They wanted to rescue you and at the same time fight for their country in danger.""We have been looking for you for weeks. Then thanks to Pavlos, a Greek merchant with a good informers network across the country, we have localized you, although the exact location still eluded us. I found it today thanks to a ploy ... "
I’m just too preoccupied to allow my outside to reflect my inside so that nonbelievers recognize that I rejoice because of the hope that is within me. My joy is obscured by the mounds of clutter. Gratefulness is sucked out of my soul by the vacuum called urgency.
Coriander Powder: 2 tbsp
When I am misunderstood, you play the tunes that remind me of who I am and always will be.
Read Hosea 10:9-15
9. The days are longer!
Raggamonarchy
Alex Aldridge has a most interesting piece in The Guardian about Acculaw – a new initiative to cut the costs to law firms of training. I’m still doing my thinking on this venture – but it is a good read from Alex.
Thanks everyone for the wonderful comments!!!
Yogi's First Christmas ... Boomerang ... 6 AM
I understand that there are issues with copyright laws and the income of the people involved in movies and the like that don’t make the millions of dollars per movie that Tom Cruise does, but it seems like a lot of the time people coming against internet piracy really strongly seem to ignore the other side and proclaim it ‘stealing’.
1 tbsp (15 mL) instant espresso powder
These are the socks I mentioned last post. My blockers aren't wide enough to stretch out and show the pattern - but that long column is a wave that ripples down the entire leg and foot. This is my latest design, and they will be socks for my Dad for father's day.
Thus intrigued, we read further to find out that this little boy turns into a man that is so fixated with material things that they become his only joy. He continues not to share and we watch what his selfishness does in return. As an old man, all of his possessions leave him and he is left all alone in his bubble. The story ends with this same little boy seemingly waking up from a dream and discovers the valuable lesson about the pleasures of sharing.
I didn’t even bring any knitting with me today. I need to do a gauge swatch for the next pair of socks and I didn’t really feel like doing that today. I probably should have brought a hat with to finish, but my heart just wasn’t in it.
Since I am a “Bear”, I love to dress up in comfortable and loose fitting gowns. I am planning a fashion gallery soon so you can see all of my fabulous vestments and how I have had swastikas beautifully added to them.
In conclusion, I can say with all sincerity that “URBAN SHOTS – BRIGHT LIGHTS” will evoke laughter, mirth, humour, awe and inspiration in equal measure. There are no dull moments here. Keep turning the pages and get ready to feel genuinely bemused or pleasantly shocked till you reach the last words of any story. Please keep a handkerchief too by your side in case some stories provide that safety valve to your pent up emotions. This book is worth cherishing and a must-read.
The band started its recording activities in 1967 as KALEIDOSCOPE, but the band was formed back in 1963 with the name THE SIDEKICKS and changed to THE KEY later. In the beginning, the line-up was Eddie Pumer on guitar, Steve Clark on bass and Danny Bridgman on drums, but they later needed a new vocalist and Peter Daltrey joined (he played keyboards too). They played local venues and released singles, but when they signed a contract with Phillips, they changed the name of the band and started playing their own psychedelic rock compositions instead of the covers they used to play before. The combination of Pumer's musical arrangements and Daltrey's lyrics was the main power of the group.
Racism is not a White man’s disease.
I woke up the next morning with a sizable bite on my thigh. Of course, Nellu didn’t reapply any DEET but I got bitten. And the culprit, she had passed out on the mosquito net. She was so drunk off my blood that she didn’t even flinch Nellu came in to smash her – leaving a blood stain on the net.
Basic "doctored mix" Recipe
But from this start exploring the more or less scientific concept the story opens up onto a more eccentric vista. I used the word poetic, but there’s an obvious oddity to this term when applied to television. Typically when we use the word “poetic” we really mean “lyrical,” that is, essentially working according to a non-narrative structure. Lyric poetry, contrasted with the narrative form of epic poetry, is a poetry based on the expression of emotions. But film and television are almost entirely narrative media. A tradition of experimental film existed by 1981, but it was still obscure and, well, experimental. It’s not something you can just spring on BBC1 in a family slot and expect people to catch on.
Dear garden,
“I’ve learnt a lot so far with Lotus F1 Team, and this is just the beginning.”
06-21 Milan, Italy – Alcatraz
Fall prey to the suffering
will never be
-256MB of RAM
He will be like a tree planted by the water that sends out its roots by the stream. It does not fear when heat comes; its leaves are always green.
There were a few voices who actually used their heads and called BS early on. Several Egyptian journalists and bloggers, notably journalist Sarah Carr and blogger Zeinobia, who I'll quote in discussing how this bizarre thing got started below, and Dan Murphy at the Christian Science Monitor, in a piece entitled "Egypt 'Necrophilia Law'? Hooey, Utter Hooey. Murphy's response should have been the first reaction of any serious reporter, or of anyone familiar with Egypt. It was pretty much mine, which is why I didn't mention the story. (Well, my reaction wasn't precisely "utter hooey," because I'm not sure I've ever actually said, or even thought, "hooey," but apparently you can't say "bullshit" in The Christian Science Monitor.)
dance parties in the kitchen.
Then I hear this sound (I don’t have my hearing aids in) that sounds like the dog is scratching at the door to get in. So I walk downstairs to let the dog inside. Only she’s already inside. She’s hiding under the table (because she doesn’t like it when I yell.) I look out the little windows in the front door and see Rude Neighbor making her way to the drivers’ side door of her car. And I think, that’s weird. She left ages ago. Why is she still here? Momentary worry that she heard me yelling, but then I think, “She’s outside. She just heard generalized yelling, probably not specifics of what I was saying.”
Revenue was up 13% to $101.4 million due to increased production, offset by the weakening in rough diamond prices experienced since July 2011 following on from the prevailing climate of global economic uncertainty led by the Eurozone sovereign debt crisis.
An incredibly talented musician and good friend, Nathan Morgan, was jumped while he was in Harlem a few days ago. Good vibes and prayers are with him through this very difficult point in his life. He had to have some re-constructive surgery on some facial bone fractures, and hopefully he will emerge just as attractive and stronger from this ordeal.
If truth be told in a past life, perhaps I indulged myself a bit too far in the ‘between meal fandango’ as I now like to refer to it.
Thank you very much. It is truly an honor.
(A/N): So this is (kind of) a whirlwind poem I made tonight. Stumbled upon an old friend’s blog and was overcome by grief at the sadness her words had given off. She’s heartbroken. So this is for you. Smile again, Little Lottie. :’)
Good Monday morning everyone. I hope everyone had a wonderful weekend. This week over at the JustRite Stampers blog, they are having sneak peaks at their new releases coming out January 20. These new stamp sets are beautiful. The florals just make me wish for Spring even more!!!
My deepest apologies for having neglected this blog for a very long time; university work and uni-induced poetry writer’s block caused the need to take a break. But now I am back with another poem from the past, the next in the chronology of my growth as a writer and as a person.
More of these pictures to come :)
The official line of the Syrian government is that all the unrest is being caused by Western and Israeli agents and that it’s all a plot to hurt the Arab world.
I have to say, I don't think I have a lot of tension in my life. Which is a good and a bad thing, depending on how you look at it. The tension I have mostly comes from the inner conflicts with myself and the tension I feel while writing a story.
I don't do grocery shopping- that's usually all the Hub's doings. But I'm a crazy cleaner.
Ok, I admit it, I’m directionally challenged. If I can’t picture it, I can’t follow it. And since I don’t know the streets of New Orleans, I couldn’t picture it, and so I stopped following it.
I normally make a very non-traditional version of macaroni and cheese (I've posted it 5 years ago!) with a white sauce base. This recipe suits me because I like cheese to play a subtle background role in dishes. My constant dinner companions, V and Neighbor Girl, love cheese to play the main role and to be used in vast quantities. The following recipe is for people like them rather than people like me.
These days it’s not unusual to have many different projects—it’s how music works. It’s less that way in rock and roll, but it’s pretty common for drummers and percussionists and bass players who have versatility. It’s also necessary to make a living.
I've said this a million times, but painting mirrors is the easiest project. Just slap on two or three coats, let it dry and then clean up the mirror with a wet rag. The dried paint wipes right off the glass. If you need a little extra help with the edges, a razor works great.
Here is the list of beautiful and bold women sharing their stories and talents:
I first grew the Virginia creeper against the house itself.But I wanted the room to be pleasant to be in, and not sweltering hot in summer.
Sky and Tara share the same mother but different fathers. Sky is cautious, dutiful, marrying the perfect man, practicing her dream career as a lawyer, and raising their daughter, Rachel. Music is all Tara cares about until Aaron, a black rapper with a juvenile record, comes along. Tara gets pregnant in high school and runs away with Aaron and his rap crew. About the time Tara and Aaron’s music takes off and they are on their way to stardom, Sky’s life crashes. Tara attempts to step in and help only to be met with anger and jealousy. The two sisters, along with an interesting collection of other characters, spend the time on the road, and between gigs, trying to understand what it’s like to be the other sister and just what love and family mean.
That never doth she glut her greedy will,
they will feel the breath
Our campus recycling coordinator and waste diversion guru Martin Maines has been working with our student crew and the res. life team to make sure we keep as much stuff out of the landfill waste stream as possible during this spring’s campus move out. One of these large bins will be placed in each residence hall in the coming week and monitored regularly through the end of the semester.
A delegation of the World Federation of Democratic Youth (WFDY) and the World Peace Council (WPC) and visited the injured army members at Tishreen Military Hospital in Damascus.
“Lord, please help me not be so determined to have a picnic that I miss what You’re saying. Help me to be open to Your plan for my day, and for my life. Show me the path You’d have me take. Help me pay attention to the Words that are coming out of Your mouth!
Thanks for looking; and have a happy and healthy 2012!
There is news of a sperm bank that is so awash with the stuff, that it has decided to be selective in who can and can't donate their gentleman's relish. In this process they are declining to take further donations from red-heads. Apparently, there isn't as much demand for theirs as there is supply. I'm not sure if this means red-head sperm is unpopular or just that red-heads are prolific and very generous masturbaters. If' it's the former, then it does tell us something about kind of prejudice there is out there against "the gingers".
Changing the education system is similar to weight reduction, only enormously more complicated.
Three questions come to mind immediately:
“The gap in public financing was simply too great for 3Arts to bear,” said West. “As a mission-driven organization, 3Arts always has been committed to remaining open to all options. And, as board members, we had to be open to making whatever decisions, however difficult, to ensure the long-term viability of our organization.”
Tuesday November 10th 1 to 3pm and 5:30 to 8pm
Thanks to Bantam, Oni Press, Dark Horse, Library Thing, and St Martin's Griffin for this weeks books for review!
Wrap each piece loosely in a piece of aluminum foil. Place the foil packets in a steamer and steam for 30 minutes. If you are making more than 4 packets, you might want to do this in batches so the steamer isn’t too crowded and each packet has room to expand. When the steaks cool, transfer them to the refrigerator for at least an hour but preferably, overnight in a container.
Helen gave the book a 4.5 of 5 in her review on Helen's Book Blog. Go read what she wrote. I rate the book 8 of 10, a very good book, even though I haven't given any details.
With all of these barriers facing him, Solomon must find the strength — the same strength that brought him north, the same strength that gives him hope of
Of course very few people would deny that the character of American schoolchildren has changed dramatically over the decades.
Paul warned his readers (and that includes us) of this, as for example, in Galatians 6:12. “As many as desire to make a fair show in the flesh,” or in 2 Timothy 3:5, “Having a form of godliness but denying the power thereof.”
A true Londoner is obsessed with the weather and the weather as a topic for discussion is unavoidable. When a beautiful sunny and cloudless day arrives (remember, this is not that often) a Londoner will appreciate the warmth on his back more than most. On a miserable, grey and rainy day he will probably complain considerably more than most. For the Londoner, the 'grey' and the 'drizzle' has come to represent all that is wrong with the city. Paris enjoys a very similar climate to London yet weather never seems to predominate the Parisians thoughts. Mention London and 'dismal weather' is the first thing to mind. Mention Paris and 'glorious, magnificent and romantic' are the associations first up. I don't mind the English weather, probably because I have basked in many sunny days; perversely, I find the rainy, dull days rather comforting. One thing is for sure...I can now talk 'weather' with the best of them, especially the London taxi drivers.
Yet who complains? My heart and I?
Behind the Sofa has Win Torchwood: Children of Earth, to celebrate the triumphant return of Torchwood to our screens and the release of the recent miniseries, Children of Earth, on DVD, we have been given two region 2 copies to give away.
As I have mentioned before, gtk.gdk.threads_init() is necessary. The gtk.gdk.threads_init() function initializes PyGTK to use the Python macros that allow multiple threads to serialize access to the Python interpreter (using the Python Global Interpreter Lock (GIL)).The gtk.gdk.threads_init() function must be called before the gtk.main() function. At this point in the application the Python GIL is held by the main application thread. You can get more information about gtk.gdk.threads_init() and GIL here in pygtk docs.
But I seriously love the way it came out.
Whoops, found a typo in my track titles. Gotta go fix it, delete the ZIP file I just uploaded, and try it again. I try to do a good job on these things. I screw them up more than I would like, but I try...
We start rehearsals for Bye Bye Birdie Monday night.... yes, I have a one week overlap between shows! I'll run from my rehearsals to Birdie, hopefully with time to grab something to eat in between. Josh is convincing me to join the YMCA out here, so expect to see some exercise logs starting next month! I knew he was good for me :)
As I have laid bare before thee many times hence, I believe in universal duality. I believe that there is certainly a negative/positive, good/evil dichotomy intrinsic to the world in which we live. I think that most of the time we become confused on which one is which due to the wretched ball and chain around our ankles known as culture. We are conditioned to view the world from the point of view of all those who have come before us in our particular people groups and it is the blinders of culture that keep us from being able to take a few steps back and actually look at this whole picture with perspective. Even for those of us who know this truth, actually doing it can still be tricky sometimes. When you do though, you might see that you have more in common with those labeled your enemy than those labeled your friend. I digress. Long and the short of it is this; where there is a positive pushing in one direction you can be pinky sworn to the fact that there is a negative challenging its progress. Regardless of good intent or no, where there is sound logic it will be opposed by logic most flawed. Where there is common sense common fiat will ever be present. Where there is an educated point of view it is guaranteed to be stridden along side of by a point of view fractured by that culture we were just talking about. Now let me illustrate the case in point with this douche wad that was sitting a few seats down from me.
The flowers are made with the Daisies #2 die, using 2 of the medium daisies layered together and then I sponged the edges with Cherry Cobbler ink. The flower center is made with the the Floral Fusion Sizzlit Die--2 large and 1 medium sponged with Cherry Cobbler on the edges and offset. The Cherry Cobbler center is punched from the Boho Blossoms punch, wrapped with the new Cherry Cobbler baker's twine from the 2011 Summer Mini Catalog (see side bar).
Other then my copyright and the frame (which you can't see that well) this shot is Straight Out of the Camera. - It's a Wasp, Up-Close and very Personal. I love this shot. The look on it's face is Priceless IMHO - This is also being entered over on Nancy's Blog (A Rural Journal) for Your Sunday Best.
Skirts: 1
So, when US intelligence intercepted the detailed plan, they handed it over to a true-blue 100% American armed with an English-Japanese dictionary, and he managed to translate enough of the document to understand its import on 7 December '41, shortly after hearing reports of the attack on the radio.
Well, before the Darlin' Man brought home the new chickens, we had a problem with our original flock.
The "jockeys" -- as they are known -- do not stick out their thumbs like typical hitchhikers around the world. Here, one finger signifies a jockey working solo, while two offers a pair, usually a mother with a child in tow. In a country where millions are struggling to climb out of poverty and into an expanding middle class the jockeys -- who charge about a dollar a ride -- have turned their services into a career."
Chris and Ann headed down the hall to his child’s room and eased the door open. The light was now as if the sun itself had rolled into the bedroom. Chris wasn’t certain, but he thought he saw a little boy waiting in there for him.
At the GALA BANQUET
While other famous musicians of his generation would get their musical training in the traditional context of the church, James Brown would get his on the streets, where between jobs as a cotton-picker, coal-scrounger and shoeshine boy, he also danced and sang to attract clients to his aunt’s place of business. He honed his talents further in prison, where he was sentenced to serve 8-to-16 years for stealing from parked cars at the age of 15. An experience that might have broken another man, however, instead inspired Brown to dedicate himself to music. He did his first gospel singing while in prison, where he earned the nickname “Music Box” and impressed his warden and the Georgia State Parole Board enough with his seriousness of purpose to win his release after only three years. At the age of 19, a highly motivated, worldly wise and ferociously talented James Brown walked out of prison and began his climb toward music greatness.
Not a penny.
and left his quarter as usual,
I always feel sad and guilty.
While that redefinition came out of Steiner’s own visionary experiences, he was following the lead of one of the towering minds of the Western tradition, the ancient Greek polymath Aristotle. In the Nicomachean Ethics, arguably the most influential work on the philosophy of ethics ever penned, Aristotle argued that any given virtue was not the opposite of one vice but the midpoint between two. Courage, he pointed out, was opposed to cowardice, but it was equally opposed to the sort of rash stupidity that ignores the existence of danger; real generosity is no more compatible with greed than with spendthrift wastefulness, and so on through the catalog of the virtues. For most of two thousand years, Christian philosophers have coped uneasily with the mismatch between Aristotle’s ethical insights and the mythic imagery of their own faith; Steiner found what is certainly one of the more thoughtful ways through the tangle.
No investigation has occurred to date despite clear evidence that election laws were violated, Court orders ignored, and that the possibility for future repeat incidents of similar or even greater serious impact persist.
To note upon the haly table,
Because Cline and her mother were so close in age, Cline often commented that her mother was also her best friend and the one person she could truly count on. Hensley also commented that Cline was a “wonderful daughter” who never let her family down in the hard times they endured. Cline’s brother died in 2004, though her sister still lives in Virginia.
Yoseob & Eunji will personally judge the videos and the top 2 winners will win a dinner date with Yoseob & Eunji.
It’s Alanna’s struggles as much as her adventures, that make this such an enduring story for me. This is a fantastic adventure story all around, of fighting bullies and mages, and demons—but all of Alanna’s triumphs are rooted in the work and study she puts in, day and night, studying and practicing, and practicing, and practicing, to be the best. Because, while Alanna has a natural aptitude for most of the knightly skills she learns, she quickly finds that there are older and bigger boys who have already learned what she is learning now, and she can’t just rely on her natural aptitude if she wants to be the best. I find myself motivated and excited and energized every time I read Alanna’s story—wanting to go out and have my own adventures, to travel the world, to learn new things.
were meant to be.
I have started by moving some of the blue plastic out of site and gathering up the bags with compost that have been left sitting around and consolidating them into the compost heaps at the back. I have also been clearing brambles from along the back fence and consigning them to the council bin as they don't compost at all well.
Mike –
Taste the sugar of my resurgence
Let us now consider the Personal Daemon of Aristotle and others… Most men, and some most unlikely, keep him under an alias which varies with their literary or scientific attainments. Mine came to me early when I sat bewildered among other notions, and said; ‘Take this and no other.’ I obeyed, and was rewarded....
Homicide deputies in Lake Wales arrested Christopher Chase Whaley, 23, on Sunday, and charged him with First Degree Murder in the stabbing death of his 69-year-old grandmother, Barbara Denmark, according to a news release from the Polk County Sheriff’s Office.
seems exhausted
If ye break faith with us who die
Vartianen H. Effects of psychosocial factors, especially work-related stress, on fertility and pregnancy. A prospective study from the stage of planning to become pregnant. Acta Obstet Gynecol Scand 1990; 69: 677-678.
Lets go back..... way back. And make a Like Totally Awesome LO!!!
Short term support is at SPX 1397, and then the 1386 and 1372 pivot ranges. Short term resistance is at SPX 1414, 1419 and 1422. Short term momentum hit an extremely overbought level on friday, highest since mid-March, and has started to pullback. This rally, from SPX 1359, looks like fives waves thus far: 1376, 1368, 1405, 1397, and 1407. Short term OEW charts have been positive since around SPX 1380. Best to your trading!
At the 480 bridge, Kevin said I should just trot on. He was going to walk. I said I would catch him on the way back. It was only about a mile to the place I wanted to turn around. This section is what my sister and I call “The Canter Stretch.” It is where we used to let Cruiser and Ranger just fly down the trail as fast as they wanted—and we loved it. I so miss those days…
Drunken affair:
1. Elvis is dead.
Whether you're heading to The Hamptons or Toronto Beaches, it's always fun to look cute on the beach. This look is for the girly beach chick who likes to look cute yet chic. Look above: Topshop Bathing Suit and Cover-up, Michael Kors Sunglasses and Bag, and Tory Burch Sandals.
These abstractions from the Divine Personality invite certain issues. The person who hears that “God is Love” may rightly ask, if that is the case, why there is such a place as Hell. The person who hears that “God is All-Powerful” may rightly be puzzled by the question, “If He is All-Powerful, could he create a stone too heavy for He Himself to lift?” And the person who hears that “God is Father” may rightly feel, drawing from his or her own experience of fatherhood, that if this is the case he wishes for nothing to do with such a God.
The good news is that we now have lots of examples from which to learn, and many mobile marketing mistakes are easy to avoid. Here are four to watch out for:
The Lopezes have been so busy these past months--so much of which I would ordinarily post on here, but haven't...I'd like to blame the Gemini for that fail as well. We had a fantastic ski trip with our friends in March and we had an entire kickball season where we had our best season yet! My stepson ran a track meet this month and graduated into middle school! My daughter got numerous awards at her assembly and was promoted to the fourth grade.
One of the upcoming recordings announced is a Covent Garden of Britten’s Peter Grimes from 1958, with Pears and Sylvia Fisher, who, notably, does NOT appear in the composer’s recording of the opera made a few months later. This endeavor is worthy of support.
Because when I am weak, you console me, you pacify me, and you distract me.
Occupational goal: My thesis is almost done. I expect to defend it in early to mid-November. As far as publications go, I plan to have my first manuscript ready by the end of Christmas break. Wish me luck!
"I am Keshnu, and the Children of the Wild here are under my command. The concrete door was left undisturbed because we could not tell what was behind it, beyond the fact that Realmspace here is twisted. There was and still is no way of knowing how this Sherim will interact with the stresses on the Abyss. Had you but approached Vessit's Four Knot, as the law requires you to do, all this would have been explained. This is the transgression you must answer for."
What a blessing to finally have a space to show off my creative gifts and have some pretty amazing women to ride along with on this beautiful journey.
To Questions V., VI., and VII., which were to the effect, "Does the Church hold, and do you hold, that every infant lawfully baptized is by God made a member of Christ, the child of God, and an inheritor of the kingdom of heaven that such infants are born again of water and of the Holy Ghost, and received by the laver of regeneration into the number of the children of God? " Mr. Gorham replied that these propositions being stated in the words of the Book of Common Prayer must be held to contain nothing contrary to the Word of God or to sound doctrine, "and therefore may be deemed to be fairly defensible, if it shall be allowed such just and favourable construction as in common equity ought to be allowed to all human writings, especially such as are set forth by authority." (See Preface to Book of Common Prayer.)
Anyway, on swim day, about three weeks ago, we packed J off to school complete with his swimming kit as per usual. Other than being hyped-up and excited at the prospect of swimming J was very much J. An hour later we received a call asking us to collect him as he’d had a very loose bowel movement and the school nurse was concerned that he might have caught a bug. He hadn’t. That we were certain of. J on and off produces large and rather fluid bowel movements as part and parcel of his autism. Thinking nothing other than ‘drat, that’s three days off school’ (two days quarantine at home,) we set off to collect him. (J’s school has good protocols in place regarding infections, bugs etc., and whilst they can be irritating when J is totally well, they have a serious purpose and we willingly adhere to them.) When we got there we were informed that J had poo’d while in the swimming pool (he wears a swim nappy and trunks) and clearly the affair had been rather messy. Hmm….Oops!
WELCOME TO PARADISE, OHIO,
History, schmistory!
In this respect, sinister role of Indian RAW could also be judged from some other events of sectarian violence. In 2008, in Khyber Agency, intermittent fighting between Lashkar-e-Islam and Ansar-ul-Islam had claimed as many as 1500 lives. Lashkar Islami is led by fanatic cleric Mangal Bagh who follows the puritanical Deobandi form of Sunni Islam and has close connections with the extremist Taliban of Afghanistan. Besides other areas of Pakistan, more than 2000 people died in sectarian riots in Kurram Agency, bordering Afghanistan. Its areas have been hit by fierce clashes, pitching Sunni Muslims against the minority Shias. A number of ceasefires was concluded between the warring sects with the help of government officials and the tribal Maliks, but the same proved fruitless owing to the support from Afghanistan where more than hundred training centers covertly established by RAW are supervising anti-Pakistan activities with the tactical help CIA and Mossad.
Keep extending it just a little longer.
Now Mrs. Avery (Lucky’s mom) never did none of that.
But, knowing they are opening an office here in our area because God told them too and then told them to wait for an open door...and that door opened...and they said "yes" ...and they are here... unreal!
I halved the recipe I found, since I don't trust myself around that many cookies, and took the butter down a bit since it seemed a bit excessive.
The Dark Knight Rises online website told people to go out and look for clues at certain addresses, in a way to hunt down the Batman. In return, it seems like the public has been rewarded with the all new trailer that’ll debut in theaters on May 4th in front of The Avengers.
Another nineteenth century Henry Morgan was said to have been an acrobatic circus performer, who trained kangaroos to box – and then brought them back to Britain to perform with them on stage. Piers sort of did this another way round: he was trained by Kangaroos, and then took his bad habits to America in order to perform with monkeys on CNN.
Sometimes the way I learned growing up seems surreal to me, when I compare it to how most others spent their childhood. Like I lived in a different world, despite my physical proximity to everyone else. Sometimes (often), I still feel that way! It's such a radically different way of living than that of the mainstream that it's hard to reconcile the two. And I find myself frequently just really, really not getting why anyone thinks the traditional way of teaching small children is a good thing! Learning can be so simple, so flowing, and so much fun, if only parents and educators would relax, sit back, be ready to help if wanted, but mainly just let it happen. Children are remarkably good at learning! As the great John Holt said:
On Friday, it was my day off so we celebrated with a lie in. A lie in on a Friday is a luxury as usually my alarm still goes off at 7am so I can get Wee Z ready for nursery. For these days alone, I love the holidays! I went to get my shopping and then Husband took Wee Z and his friend from next door swimming.
I’m bringing in turkey rolls, to be exact, to be eaten by the little darlings after their Thanksgiving skit. Delicious, condiment- and cheese-free turkey rolls. Mmmmm.
The first thing you are going to need is a captcha library or extension for your PHP. I recently downloaded ‘Securimage’ from the Internet and had it up and running in no time. Securimage defines itself as a PHP class for creating captcha images. If you are not familiar with captcha (must be first day on the Internet) it is an image of distorted letters and numbers that appear generally below a form that the User must correctly duplicate by typing into a textbox before submitting a request.
And it’s going to take a while before any of our heroes figure it out. Of course, I am sure the reader will have figured it out…and will be screaming at the book. This is one of my favorite parts. You know, its like yelling at the characters in a horror movie you’re watching on television NOT to go into the basement, but they ALWAYS go into the basement. You know it’s coming, it’s frustrating, but it’s part of the plot. If they don’t go into the basement, there’s not much point in continuing the story, is there? The problem is never confronted, the story isn’t finished, and they live happily but ignorantly ever after…or something.
ascending the gangplank two by two,
Phephisle Maseko of the Traditional Healers Organisation said: “I can’t speak for others, but our members would never participate in muthi killings. We heal, we don’t kill. Those who kill for body parts are witches who don’t belong to any organisation. They haven’t been trained so they do as they please!” – AENS
Why the Siren Likes It: It's a masterpiece, that's why, one that belongs on any list of the great films of the 1950s. A master class in how to make a movie about misguided, surface-focused people trapped by a hypocritical society, without condescending to or withholding compassion from them. The proof is that 50 years after its release, the thwarted mother-daughter love still reduces many to tears. The Siren bristles when she hears this described as camp. There isn't a single unintentional effect in it. The falseness and glitter are there to throw race, this country's original sin, into high relief. But Sirk doesn't invite the audience to feel superior. He wants recognition, AND he wants identification. In the superb opening scene on the beach, when Lana Turner reacts with gooey middle-class "understanding" to Juanita Moore's having a white-skinned daughter, Sirk didn't want the white liberals in the audience to say, "What a hypocrite." He wanted them to say, "Shit, that's me." (The beautiful screen cap is from Ways of Seeing, the Siren's new blog discovery; several others, equally enthralling, right here.)
Call 01782 202361 or visit www.princehotels.co.uk for more information.
Two colossal cups!
makes one sandwich
and now i can honestly say that it’s the only sigur rós record i have
But after I buy what I'm saving up for, I think this will be next.:)
Spread over three floors and across vast acres of prime London real estate, by way of Island ‘events’ attended over the years, this has to be unique since there is one thing missing; the heady smell of ganga smoke hanging in the air. A sign of the times of course.
Home remodeling is not for wusses. During my growing up years, there is only a couple of houses that I recall not being involved in a remodeling job of some sort. My mother had this innate ability to take something ugly and make it beautiful. I remember one particular house that I went with them to look at. I remember walking into this four walled container of fecal matter and telling my parents that I would not move into that house if they decided to buy it. It seriously looked like someone had urinated on the walls or something in the front room. The toilet was so disgusting. The house smelled horrible.
The Lord is Our Deliverer.
The bell rings, door opens, smiles and hugs exchanged and before I can react or tell him the plans hatched in the kid’s room and the disasters in the comfy confines of my kitchen, he is taken, by the TV yelling at the top of his voice, “It’s a Six.”
Granny and Mama liked to read, too, and we often ran into the difficulty of sharing a new book. When we discovered the story of Toby Tyler, we were all enthralled with the tale, and would take turns reading it. When one of us would lay it down, another would quickly pick it up and get lost in the story. I remember the joy we shared as we talked over the characters in the book, and anticipated what would happen next. I was delighted to find a copy of the old book in excellent condition at a yard sale a few years ago.
07 Stagnation (Sounds Of The Seventies, 10 May 1971)
Using firm tape (I went with a combo of painters and duct), bind the sticks together to create a shape resembling antlers. This is the part I need to improve on, since Mr. Sugarplum said mine looked like arthritic hands of the Corpse Bride. Whatever. He just lost his antler back scratch!
To all you fashionistas out there – keep doing what you do! You may see me copy you from time to time, and I hope I can return the inspiration favor too :)
Whitney had a lot of troubles and demons, but she also had a faith that is undeniable. In all of the interviews replayed and memories shared during the last week that is the one thing you hear over and over again, her love for God. She was open and honest about her troubles, but in her interview with Oprah she admitted that through it all “I still read my Bible and talk to God.”
Some guys have been added to the attendance and some dropped out but all in all we should have enough to skate two teams without collapsing.
One rather amusing consequence of the way Mussolini made use of the existing power structures was that when Hitler (who in Germany was by that time both head of State and head of the government) first arrived in Italy on a State visit, he was greeted, not by Mussolini but by the King. As protocol requires, the head of government (Mussolini) was on the sidelines. This both confused and annoyed Hitler. It is a good illustration, however, of how Mussolini put pragmatism before ideology, as his 1919 manifesto was explicitly anti-Monarchist.
Needless to say, I am exhausted. I learned a very important lesson this week though...one that many new graduates don't learn until later in their orientation...I DON'T KNOW ANYTHING!!! My husband and my friends would certainly disagree with me on that, but it's true.
Mr. C and I have already decided that places like Disney World are strictly verboten until we can get some culture into our kids... and satisfy our own world travel needs, but mostly because we believe a trip to, say, Scotland or England or one of the other 25 countries of our dead ancestors would better serve our family than a trip to the happiest place on earth. That and we don’t feel like dropping thousands on a trip where the most fun our children will have will be at the hotel pool. Although, that will probably happen anyway, the ungrateful brats. What was I saying?
DR EVIL: Ha ha, always controversial, but unless I’m much mistaken, those ankles belong to the one and only Miss Fatmammycat, and wait, those thigh boots, yes, it’s Miss Lindy K, and who’s this escorting them? Why it’s Mr Vaporiser himself and our very own Binty McShae. That’s him with the can of Stella. Guys, guys! A quick word. Mr Vaporiser, Binty, if I may, how do you see it going tonight? What are your thoughts?
Even breath could not conceal the heart’s deepest membrane.
Direct. VII. Another important duty in marriage is, to help in the health and comfort of each other’s bodies. Not to pamper each other’s flesh, or cherish the vices of pride, or sloth, or gluttony, or the sensual pleasures in each other; but to increase the health and vigor of the body, making it fit for the service of the soul and God.
But not even a star scriptwriter could have spun such a gory tale of intrigue and cruelty. The Tribune culls out facts from the judgment to reproduce the events that led to Harpreet Kaur’s forcible abortion and Bibi Jagir Kaur’s five-year rigorous imprisonment sentence.
1/2 teaspoon lemon juice
With a screech Sharia descended upon the shades, and they had no chance. Her fury was matched only by the impossibly sharp edge of her blade, and soon two more corpses littered the sandy floor of the chamber. She looked up to see the terrified expressions of the two warriors, and noticed again how young they were. She smiled, not without warmth, through broken, bloody lips, blackened eyes, and with a purple bruise on her sun-pinkened alabaster forehead that would fade over time but never fully vanish. She called it her first kiss.
Thor's image was used by American entertainers Siegfried and Roy to market their shows with white lions and tigers in Las Vegas. In South Africa, Thor became part of a breeding project managed by Ghiazza and the Lion Park near Lanseria.
The banks (pre Mrs T) fell over themselves throwing credit at our farmers to encourage them to (as per Government and the EU policy) to expand their production. Mrs T’s particular brand of Conservatism was never that interested in farming, they were far more enamoured by the iffy money men in the City, so did nothing to prevent the imposition of Milk quotas (or their consequences) the bad times had begun for our Dairy farmers and oddly enough the banks stopped calling with offers of cheap credit.
-There is still more snow to come..she whispered to herself..I must do something..
Our car, however, was not fine; I owe my mom another big thanks for loaning us hers. It would be tough, getting Eöl to and from work, mom and dad to their various appointments, as well as anyone else that needed to be anywhere. With many of these appointments within an hour of each other, I was designated to keep the car and chauffeur.
kids able to leave the
Wish me luck my dear friends... I hope I can continue to be determine, and save much more in future. Every month, I am only 'rich' for 5 minutes when the salary came in, and after all the payments to all, I end up eating my savings instead.. so, I better save fast, and not letting my savings eating up in no time. I shall share further in my post on how from a rich beginning month, and I end up poor in 5 minutes...
Singapore based journalist Sheela Narayan talks vividly about a story….
Yes, many people will say that patience is useful in this writing industry and I am one of them. There is always something that will make writers (and others) wait. And it's not easy, but we have to face the existence of nerves and the battle where patience is the weapon.
These are higher than any of my tango shoes, yet strangely just as comfortable as my most comfortable tango shoes (which are from Jorge Nel). I wore them all night Friday and Saturday night (finally trading them out for my dance slippers for my last tanda of the night when I was too tired to wear shoes of any kind) and had no pain, no blisters, no pinching.
The past had wronged her for sure, but she was still more attached to it than the present. And she didn’t even know the reason for it. The discussions in her head were not leading to any conclusion. The frustration in her grew when she realized that she was being nothing but masochistic.
15-year-old Ian Cheevers sends out a mass email to get people to boycott eating at a local fast food restaurant for just one day after watching a documentary called "STUFFED" about the chain in question. This book is about that and the ensuing results of that action.
Salt -1/2 tsp
This kit will include the album that you'll get to decorate yourself and 6x6 chipboard page inserts, plus all of the patterned papers, cardstock, ribbon, brads and twine that you'll need to complete the project. You'll also get our detailed yet easy to follow directions with Cricut Cut Chart, well-organized written instructions, and plenty of color photographs.
It was great to catch up with my friend and I look forward to building my mileage back up as we meet every Friday morning. I will try to get some video and coax Steve into writing some guest blogs in the future as he is such a wealth of knowledge of this great sport that he has gotten me hooked on. Talk to you soon
3) Combine all the dry ingredients in a mixing bowl and stir well to mix
To get to the Legacy we have to cross one set of railroad tracks. I took sort of a skewed picture of the crossing in order to capture the snow-covered mountain in the background. Sometimes we have to wait for trains, which normally bugs us no end but today I was actually hoping for one so I could compare the containers with the ones we saw in the Mannheim harbor that we saw during our ride on the Neckar last summer in Germany (travel.topic wise.com) No such luck on Sunday.
Which is exactly what I am trying to say here. That pistol you spent a fortune on, all that training at Blackwater and Gunsite and your IPSC titles will not save you if you believe that weapon skills and that magic talisman are all that you are ever going to need. Defensive tactics are layered. If you are able to avoid the situation entirely through wise choices then do so. If you are alert enough to see trouble starting ahead of time you can engage at as far a range as possible and from cover. If you are cornered and can see that trouble is coming you need skill sets to cover that and if you are caught flat footed at close range, you better have the unarmed skills to prevail.
Whole wheat flour (organic): $2.84/2 lb bag, used 5/7 = $2.03
So, if you don't want to go spend $3-5 dollars on an impersonal card at the store, try Costco! Oh, and I am getting no money or endorsement for promoting them. I just like Costco. : )
I feel pretty bad about it. When the kids were young, we used to take them every 4th of July. We brought a cooler and lawn chairs and junk food and we sat in the back of our pick up truck to watch.
The report describes how investigators from the Hawks found copies of the claims relating to Mthethwa’s renovations in the safe of a senior crime intelligence officer.
Found this posted by a Facebook friend–World’s first invisible ad!
Rating: three napkins
That's better.
The fox and the guitar
Oddly, as these two retrogrades are wrapping up, Venus is entering the sign where hers will take place in May and June. She rules what we value (money, possessions, our connections to others, traits and talents in ourselves), and she’s about to whip up a lot of talk and activity in that arena. About to, mind you. She moves on Tuesday into the communication and technology-happy sign of Gemini, but since that is ruled by Mercury — who is as good as motionless — her stay there will get off to a leisurely start.
I loved my mother in law dearly. I still miss her.
The following pictures were taken by my hubby, an aspiring photographer with great promise.
carries a very old red/green brass bell that reads: GOOD LUCK
I am linking to these parties.
Eventually, I’d learn the right facial expression to make at passers-by. It was the, “Oh yeah? What the FUCK are you looking at?” face that kept the junkies at bay during my time on Vancouver’s Downtown East Side. It’s the same dynamic you see in those little dogs under the skinny chick’s arm – bark loudly and hope you don’t have to back it up. I wish I knew the trick a decade earlier.
Email: jeffL@thetwocentscorp.com
Obviously I understand Carbon, where i’m planning to play, could get closed down too. I’m not relying on this to happen, it would just be nice. Also hopefully poker will just become legal in next year or so which would make this better.
Consider this: Josh finds his friend, Felix Buttonweazer murdered at the general store. Now he must help Felix's daughter Jolene hide from the ruthless gang determined to eliminate witnesses.
what we can bring to the table...or should I say, road??!!.
We're switching things up a bit with this blog post, Followers. We're going to tag-team this one - with normal type being Mommy B's thoughts and Dad-E's thoughts being italicized. Got that? K, good.
In the state leaders meeting of the BRICS just closed in New Delhi, India proposed a series of positive proposals, hoping deepening the relations of the BRICS, strengthening cooperative mechanism of these countries and enlarging the role of the international economy and political life of these countries, which again embodies India’s all-round diplomatic policy. Therefore, it is groundless to think its “Look East Policy” and the American strategy of eastward transfer are converging.
in prosperity, peace, and divine health. Nothing can stop my progress for I
“Ok! Lets go,” said Arik, and with that the party left the Guild Hall and headed down the freezing cobblestone streets toward Dunn’s Bridge. Hermel stopped to buy two new wool cloaks in a shop along the way. He gave one to Hornmel who accepted it with a nod of thanks. Hermel was delighted. It was nice and new and clean! Along the way he’d even observed himself in a glass window and thought it looked rather majestic as it billowed behind him in the wind. Eventually they came to the iron grate on Dunn’ Street along the side of the canal where Hermel had last seen Ishcandar. Arik lifted the grate with two hands and threw it down into a snow bank with a dull thud-clang.
The pretty butterfly is cut at 1.75 x 2.66 distressed and used foam tape for dimension. The frame for the sentiment is cut at 3 3/4 plus the layers and embossed with the divine swirls folder. The sentiment is from K.Andrew Designs ~Positive Thoughts set. Ties it off with a pretty satin double bow:)
Solihull Borough Council said the Gypsies needed to leave and any appeal was up to the government.
The whole description captures the tone and feel of the novel as well—and that’s what you want to achieve in your query pitches (even if you aren’t writing YA). Also note that it really doesn’t do much plot summarizing about the novel as a whole. It really just spotlights the main conflict (keeping her spy background a secret from the boy she likes).
After getting home from our Canada visit we decided (well I decided.. Joe gave me a dirty look and then reluctantly agreed) it was time to put new flooring in most of our house. We've had the house over 7 years and have been planning to do it for oh about 7.5 years! It looks really nice.
A Damon quote to enjoy: All of these are in speaking with Jeremy: “Dead vampire is redundant, but yes.” And my favorite: “Well didn’t you find it weird that you made a friend so fast? Have you met you?” Amen. And finally: “Alright Whoopi, what do you need? Candles incense, pottery wheel?” Oh, Damon.
882. Clif Bar & Cashews @ Wingate Hotel (Greenville, NC) 8:38 a.m.
This post comes from a readers response to one of our previous articles.
These are the kinds of memories I cling to when I think back to time spent with my sister. Fun times when we were little or sometimes swapping them for the beautiful ones made when we were older and more mature. The post-college years.
And magic colleges? Part of the problem with spellcastersspellbooks, and the numerous costs associated with all of that ranging from the inks used to copy the spells, to the spellbooks themselves.
With a hand whisk, beat continuously, heat until egg whites are hot and all the sugar is dissolved.
Tell the students today they are going to learn about the last member of the food chain. Review information on the functions of producer and consumer. Then, ask, what is the 3rd member of a food chain? Ask students what they know about decomposers. To complete the discussion and to correct some misunderstandings or misconceptions read as a class "Rotten Logs and Forest Fogs". Ask students to say in a think per share thoughts and feelings the reading triggered. Conclude the explanation by defining decomposers as organisms that decay plants and animals into smaller pieces that can be used again by other living organisms (plants). Show them that they are considered to be a special class of consumers that are distinguished from other consumers because their food consists of dead bodies as well as the solid and liquid wastes from consumers. Emphasize should be in showing that decomposers return matter to the living world, this matter is what plants tale in as nutrients. For that reason, decomposers play a very important role in material cycles.
foil
The IPKat now wonders what the point was of the new form of Rule 141, if the ultimate aim was apparently to make such a requirement superfluous. Can anyone enlighten the, now quite puzzled, IPKat?
Larger British book retailers already receive the most generous terms in the English-language world from publishers, including Hachette Livre. Of the “cake” represented by the recommended retail price of a general book, major retailers including Amazon already receive on average well over 50%. Despite these advantageous terms, Amazon seems each year to go from one publisher to another making increasing demands in order to achieve richer terms at the publishers' expense. (You may have read in the press a few weeks ago of Amazon’s penalties against Bloomsbury and its authors). If this continued, it would not be long before Amazon got virtually all of the revenue that is presently shared between author, publisher, retailer, printer and other parties. (Again, you may have read that in the USA Amazon has been demanding that it should take over the printing, initially of print-on-demand titles, dictating its own royalty terms to publishers and authors). Hachette Livre are politely but firmly saying that these encroachments need to stop now. Declining all additional terms demands is the approach that HL take with all major retailers, and it is particularly important in relation to Amazon.
In my world, spring’s penultimate days were spent fretting over all-important teenage matters. I was busy splitting my time between the anxiety of end-of-term exams and the exciting prospect of summer trips with friends and family. By the time my birthday whizzed past, the constant flux of giddy hope and dismal woe had me capped out emotionally. I could barely focus on my schoolwork, let alone notice what was happening in the world.
We are celebrating reaching 20,000 Facebook Fans and would love for you to join us in celebrating. We are partnering with FabNab on this great giveaway. We will be giving away a prize package valued at over $250 and possibly more than $500!
Iceland ranks: Tied for 1st (0.50)
In addition, two of my employees succumbed to cancer. I worked with these people, I knew their families, and we like one another. So the emotional upheaval of my condition, the loss of two co-workers, and the devastating effect of ovarian cancer on another of my employees who is surviving quite well today, all took a physical and psychological toll. In addition, right at the end of the year a lady I've worked with for ten years announced she was leaving our organization for a better opportunity. I wish her will, she deserves it. However, she and I were a tight team for ten years and I will miss that relationship terribly.
Remember--she's blonde.
I stepped into her eyes, only to get caught in such mystery.
n the first decade of the 20th century,she had a good career in musical theatre.
And by the 7 inches we're supposed to get by tomorrow, should I assume that the boots were put away or that the mere question of putting boots away incited this?
They won't say if those items were worn by the robber in Friday's bank holdup, but that is how an older woman was dressed during four bank robberies in the area since May.
14. Say You Will
The scene was attended by police and emergency services workers.
“So I had a nice first impression then. That explains a lot! And if it helps, that cuts you out from the creepy zone”
Our Lady of Walsingham, pray for us
Flying Dog Brewery
What a rush it creates when you purchase a new outfit, pair of shoes, electronic gadget, decorative item, accessory, even a favorite snack or personal hygiene product. Expensive, cheap, big, small, retail, on sale, for you, for someone else – doesn’t matter. Buying stuff can make a person feel really good, both physically and mentally. Until, of course, you feel the pang of buyer’s remorse in your gut.
I reach over to the nightstand and get the bottle of lube. I coat my cock, then dab some on my finger and spread lube on your entrance. You're still laying on your side, and I move in close behind you again. I spread your cheeks and touch my finger to your asshole. I circle it, then slowly push my finger in. You're as tight as I knew you would be, and I ever-so-slowly pump it in and out, letting you relax and get used to the feeling. I pull my finger out and touch my cockhead to your opening, getting in position.
I like the size and shape...perfect for this project.
Sierra Nevada Brewing Co. Sierra Nevada Celebration Ale
The Allman Brothers Band, jamming at the Fillmore East, New York, March 1971, played this.
Because I am bored, and as previously mentioned, attention-seeking, here is my list of funny/dorky/lame jobs:
PUTAR: Then is it that he is a greater advocate for human rights than the Australian Prime Minister?
“Esoteric Tendencies in Russian Cosmism” Little known in the West, Russian cosmism is an important movement in Russian thought rooted in the ideas of the nineteenth century thinker Nikolai Fedorov (1829-1903) and extended, through the twentieth century, into a comprehensive, holographic view of the universe, treating elements from traditional esoteric doctrines as legitimate subjects for scientific, theological, and philosophical enquiry. Major figures in the cosmist movement include the rocket pioneer and grandfather of the Russian space program, Konstantin Tsiolkovsky, (1857-1935), the geologist, biologist, and developer of the theory of the noosphere, Vladimir Verndasky (1863-1945), the creative theologians Sergei Bulgakov (1871-1944) and Pavel Florensky (1882-1937) and the philosopher Nikolai Berdyaev (1874-1948). This paper focuses on the esoteric elements in cosmist thought and on the idea of active evolution, the cosmist insistence that we have the ability, indeed the Christian or rationalist duty, to determine the course of future human and cosmic development.
Such determination in her work life goes hand in hand with sacrifices in her social life. She often finds herself declining invites to parties or social gatherings in favour of a few more hours sewing or attending a networking event. When this happens, Judith simply reminds herself “Well they are only drinking wine, I’m not really missing out on that much”. This sort of perspective has helped her throughout her career.
I love short fiction, I love the way stories are so diverse that there is something for almost everyone. I love the way they can be enjoyed in the small pockets of time in my life, snatched between breakfast and work, or at lunchtime, or on the bus or in a waiting room. I love that a small world is contained in only a few brief pages, and we can be taken out of our own world for a brief time, feel something might have changed, or learn something, feel something completely outside of ourselves. And with a good short story it can shake our roots, make us question, unsettle, amaze or make us laugh out loud. And we can carry a whole book load of these moments around with us, get the book out when we want an escape, find odd collections of these experiences inside one cover, but with themes and connections, or an overall journey, or patterns, that if we want to find them are hidden within the different stories.
Emergency Hard Drive Data Recovery Services
Helm’s journey would take him from where he was born in Arkansas to Canada in 1959 when he was invited to join rockabilly Ronnie Hawkins’ group ” The Hawkes” already known though the south and a favorite in Canada when Hawkins decided to move to Toronto. There he would meet some other Canadian born musicians and co-found what would become one of the most prolific bands of rock music history. Simply naming the group, The Band.
R and I are starting to get really excited about the wonton – though not excited enough yet to finalize our name choices…I STILL haven’t shown him my list because he is STILL ridiculous. His newest favorite (after “the swerve” and “cadillac”) is “groove” which I have had to veto as well. We are pumped about our year of family and research time and have been imagining all the fun things we can do when we don’t have to be in the classroom. Mainly I’m just excited to walk about town with my dog, baby, and man. Already walking downtown for coffee is probably my favorite activity, and I can only imagine how much more fun it will be with a fourth walking partner in our midst.
I do have a general rule that a person should never lie to their priest or their doctor. I’m not religious, but the rules still apply. The doctor is the one person you should tell the truth to and not say, “I fell into the vacuum, penis first, with an erection.” No one else will believe your cockamamie story, but you should still tell the doctor the truth. Same principle arises if you’re doing crack. There are many drugs which are contraindicated with crack and if you tell your physician that you do no street drugs, he may prescribe you Ritalin and then your heart will explode. Oops. Honesty with the doctor is good.
You’re good at it. Better than they would be, if you gave them a chance. They had their chance when you were young, and they blew it. They let you get big enough and old enough to steal the knife, to take charge, to show them you can do it all by yourself.
Ghost 1: What?
Well, that was interesting! I just got done hosting the head of the ATC Canada here in my livingroom. I'm exhausted, overwhelmed and need a nap. Groceries are going to have to wait. It was wonderful to meet Arch Priestess Michelle, her husband and Arch Priest Eric, and the Maiden from up in Courtney-Comox, Dawn. Things are going to be moving quickly and steadily the next few months I think, and there will be more than enough to keep me busy while I'm off with Raisin.
Here is a little game I came up with this week (mine is not done so I can't show you photos yet) You can make a spinner for this game. Or you can make it out of some jars or like containers. You can make this anyway you want to. It is for you and what inspires you. I am going to explain my version and you come up with one that will help you get out of that creative block.
So I was pretty happy to get this photo of both of the kids together.
Which I still try to do.
I'm afraid I don't have much to say right now, and even if I did, I don't have time to say it, since I haven't finished packing yet! Sure, I could make a trip or two home during the week, but I'd rather spend my time with friends, not driving/bussing into the suburbs to pick up stuff from home.
Origin: Middle English: from Old French joie, based on Latin gaudium, from gaudere ‘rejoice’
T20Is- 12, Wickets- 15, Avg- 20.60, Best- 3/28
With pity as we mourn.’
We would love for you to play along with our challenge; after all you're going to need something to do while you wait on your Papertrey Ink order to arrive, right? Perhaps this will inspire you in some way.
The metal "space ball" weighs 13 pounds (6 kilograms). It has a rough surface and appears to consist of two halves that were welded together, according to AFP.
will improve
Active lines will ensure thаt updates аrе received and communication with othеr online participants іs guaranteed. A keyboard and mouse іs recommended. The mouse with scroll wheel іs recommended for the ultra setting along with thе multiple buttons feature.
I think I should definetely start a colection of World's Softest socks!
It's hard to go past dessert, especially when there are so many temptations on offer. The bakery offers a mix of standard Western and Argentinian sweets but the lure of dulce de leche always wins out. This milk jam--made by heating sweetened milk until it caramelises--is spread, dolloped and piped on everything you can imagine.
So I have to run upstairs and help count and then back downstairs to read the violation to this idiot before they take him to the Hive.
I mess up my hair, squint my eyes, and open the door.
“If it was Friday, I don’t blame her for taking a short lunch.” “Was” is intended to emphasize “Friday” and that it was a fact.
Freedom of Expression
By Martha E.H Rustad. 2009. 24p. Pebble Pluss (978-1429633253). Gr 1-4
Francoise obligingly knocked the original print out of its frame and had the thing deep-scanned for me.
800m swim
Words are the only tool I have
Yesterday, Tasha and I spent about 2 and a half hours making a power ballad/ballad mix on a whim. Our list got so extensive, we now are making it a 2 disc set. I’m not sure what this says about our real ages or coolness factor but whatever. I absolutely can’t wait to burn the mix onto a cd when I see Tasha on Friday. I can’t wait even more to finally install the cd player I got LAST Christmas into Weezy so I can drive without having to have a cd player on my lap. Sigh. Sharp turns always turn into a disaster, what between the cd player flying and my coffee spilling since 90′s VWs didn’t have cup holders? Ugh.
SpotLightSeattle is looking for an editorial intern who is extremely organized, self-motivated and able to multitask and prioritize. Interns must be interested in lifestyle journalism (real estate, dining, fashion, wine home décor or health/beauty/fitness are a plus but not required), and must be available to work a minimum of two-week days in the offices in Belltown and Mercer Island, with occasional evening assignments.
Ten fast horses running.
Yeah, if you didn’t get the picture from the booktalk above, this one’s heavy.
When He says “you being evil” He is very clearly and very directly giving us his opinion on fallen man. He doesn’t use the nice terminology that we use, corrupted, separated from God, even slaves to sin no he says it like it really is he says you are evil. That is what unregenerate man is at his core, evil. Because he is full of sin and full of corruption and he is an enemy of God.(Romans 5:10) All people are in this category before they are regenerated by Christ. Now that doesn’t mean we aren’t to love people who don’t know Christ. Of course we are! We are to love our neighbor, that’s everyone, as ourselves. But just because we are to love them doesn’t make their condition any less bleak. But the next phrase, in my opinion, may be the best explanation (uttered from the lips of our Lord Himself) of the unregenerate nature of mankind. It is the best depiction of human nature anywhere in the Bible and arguably anywhere in all of literature. It is quick, clear and cuts right to the heart of the matter.
Don’t think you own America
I just cannot get over the fact that Thanksgiving is this week. I just can't wrap my mind around that. Not to mention the fact that Christmas is right around the cornor. I am so not ready. I have hardly anything bought yet which is so unlike me. Ryan and I are planning on going Friday, not early but at some point. Just hoping nobody else is sick and I'm feeling better by then. I just really don't know what to buy at this point.
Penang and the port city of George Town is a four-hour car ride just to the north of Kuala Lumpur. Penang makes claim to a number of UNESCO heritage sites, rated by NY Times as the number 22 on the “Must see list” in the world, and boast the best Asian cuisine in the country if not the world.
"How did I do?" I asked, when I was finished.
Good news: The best wok, carbon steel, sometimes called rolled steel, also happens to be the least expensive. Carbon steel will rust so you have to season it and take proper care of it. However, it is light weight, will take on a black patina over time and nothing will stick to it. Cast iron is too heavy to maneuver and will interact with acetic ingredients. Stainless steel, also heavy, will be more expensive. An electric wok is out of the question as you cannot take food quickly off the heat or manipulate the wok.
OCULUS is the book where I amplify Jordan's stress to almost "stroke-inducing" proportions. His pride is to his doom. He won't ask for help. He won't cheat. And he won't take out loans. "Why?" you might ask will a student not take out student loans.
I'm exhausted.
So what is a girl to do? Well, I went to my bookshelf and pulled down a book that I've been wanting to read for years, but hadn't because the title scared me: "Spiritual Warfare." It's written by Timothy M. Warner. It's an old book, but so many truths are still prevalent today.
Noise, Light, Traffic and Parking
Obedience will not last when the motivation is only the removal of our pain. Obedience only lasts when the motivation is loving devotion. Where are you in your obedience and what is the primary motivation? If it isn’t love, why not tell the Lord you love Him today and want to know Him for who He is and not for what He can do for you.
Papers that examine the reception and adaptation of fairy tales in post-war German literature and film; the relationship between politics and magic. 500-word abstracts and brief CV by 7 March 2011; Qinna Shen (shenq@muohio.edu).
6) A Wardrobe Blast From the Decadent Past - Now of course any film set in the time period of Boogie Nights is bound to showcase a kick-ass wardrobe, but the outlandish sensibilities of PTA's film make it even more kick-ass than expected. Of course being set in the porn industry doesn't hurt either. From Rollergirl's knee-high tube socks and hot pants to Dirk Diggler, Reed Rothchild and Buck Swope's array of disco-era fashion, there is no doubt the wardrobe department had one hell of a good time coming up with how to dress their cast.
Double-damn! Why couldn't I have been in the audience the day before, when apparently the guests were oh-so-handsome Frenchmen François Cluzet, Guillaume Canet, and -- yup -- Dominique de Villepin? Coulda woulda shoulda.
Who do you think has enviable hair?
1/2 cup fine granulated sugar
But before he got a chance to speak at a hearing Wednesday, Marko said, a prosecutor acknowledged the problem and Chabot ordered that the issue be corrected.
Theme
I gave Clay the evil eye.
In 1985 the Chicago punk scene was fairly disjointed, having split into factions with only Naked Raygun uniting the scene. The Effigies had devolved into sub-pop (not Sub Pop), and among the early scene players only Raygun was moving forward with any momentum (or even still really a band).
Happy Blogging!
Since the azaleas stopped blooming weeks ago, they're here primarily to provide structure to help hold other stems in place. Hydrangeas also work well for this purpose. This approach makes it possible to avoid having to use oasis (wet floral foam) to hold flowers where you want them. Some florists say cut flowers last longer in water minus the foam. It's certainly easier to tell when additional water (or changing the water completely) is needed.
Lets kick the Monday funk and have some FUN!
Mr. Casey you claim,
Bennett: Thank you so much for the interview and support of the music! And thank all of you for listening!!
Silly singing
2And on the day when you go over Jordan into the land which the Lord your God is giving you, put up great stones, coating them with building-paste,
The mistake many “experts” made before this case was heard was in thinking that the right flank of this court is encumbered by any respect for judicial restraint. They proved in in Bush v. Gore, and, shockingly, in Citizens United, actually expanding the case before them.
the world stopped spinning around me and i just stared at him in shock. then i ran over to him to hug him and accidentally stepped on his toes (i tend to be rather clumsy). he didn’t even flinch even though he was barefoot and i had my house-shoes on, but just smiled and let me give him a hug.
Norm had a followup appointment at the orthopedic surgeon on Thursday. The fracture has not started healing yet but it has not moved either, and that's a good thing. So he is to remain in the Stormtrooper-like immobilizer at all times, except when showering, which is what he was doing when I snapped
& the house has no chair for Plato,
- I can't believe I'm only a few days away from meeting our class of 6th graders. I'm excited and nervous at the same time! I hope they like me. I hope I do a good job. I hope it all starts to come naturally, because sometimes I feel like I'm going to be totally lost once there are kids in those 26 desks! It's going to be so weird to start answering to Mrs. Sorensen.
Here are a couple of my favorite items from them!
Kei Chi (Lycium Berries), 2 tablespoons
By then, it was just a matter of time before it's final demise.
So I finally got on medicaid. A process that was a lot shorter than I expected it to be. Everything was taken care of over the internet and phone, so that took a lot of the stress off of me.
Because through momentum, we can find the impulse thus relating to the average net force.
We did it. After researching products and prices, watching for the sale of a lifetime, we jumped in the laptop pool yesterday. A sneak peak at Staples weekly ad on Saturday night turned up exactly what I'd been looking for. Sunday afternoon my husband went, only to watch the last one in the store walk out the door. Fortunately the manager was kind enough to order one from another store, it was delivered last night and this morning I went to pick it up.
Happy Cinco de Mayo everyone!
The lawsuit
Sep 25th - Salt Lake City, UT taught by Jennie Black - Open to stores & designers
But it still really hurts when I see my baby sister talking about going to her house for dinner tonight.
we urge our young people to begin today to write and keep records of all the important things in their own lives and also the lives of their antecedents in the event that their parents should fail to record all the important incidents in their own lives. Your own private journal should record the way you face up to challenges that beset you. Do not suppose life changes so much that your experiences will not be interesting to your posterity.
And guess what! The story doesn't end here either!
But the war in Iraq isn’t really what I want to write about. It seems to me that priority number one after September 11 should have been to regain control of our borders and to stem the flood of illegal immigrants, since at least a few of them may be inclined to become terrorists. Even if we are successful in the Middle East, but we fail to realize that homeland security begins at home, we will eventually have national catastrophes which will make September 11 seem as tame as an ice cream social.
This afternoon I had the dreaded visit to have my ingrown toenail seen to. I was not looking forward to it at all, but anyone who has had one will know how painful they are. I hobbled into the surgery and the first hurdle was having to climb two flights of stairs. On meeting the chiropodist I was stunned to recognise him as a farmer who used to live in our village ! I had a grin to myself as I had a mental image of him grabbing my foot and clamping it between his knees as though I was one of his cattle or horses !! However the grin did not last for long once I was settled on the couch with my poor painful toe exposed to the gaze of the expert !! I have to admit that I sat there as rigid as a tree trunk, trying not to look at the array of evil looking implements lined up alongside my throbbing toe !! I do believe I lost a good pint in perspiration and gritted my teeth so hard that they are now about an inch deeper into my jaw than they used to be !! I must admit though that the relief was fantastic once the offending nail was cut away from my skin, how on earth can a small piece of nail cause such pain ? I almost skipped down the stairs and practically danced back to the car.
Celebrate the Feast of Divine Mercy on the Sunday after Easter.
THE RAVEN
I have seen some bizarre Pull The Other One last-Friday-of-the-month shows at Nunhead in Peckham, South East London, but last night’s must take the nutty biscuit.
So he pondered and thought, “what would Santa like most?”
I don’t care for birthdays, never have. There are a lot of reasons. I suppose some self-analysis is in order or possibly it’s an avenue to pursue in therapy. There have been times over the last week that I just wished I could have avoided the day and come out all fresh the following morning. But the day is here and that is not happening. I am stuck being another year older. I didn’t even get to celebrate the final moments of the previous year. Rather than revel in the last bit of youth, I was fast asleep way too early because I am seriously old.
Imagine a rotten little cargo ship, bobbing in the Atlantic. The night’s been a dramatic one for all aboard, and it’s not yet dawn when they gather on-deck, disheveled, confused, and now blinded by a great light from above. It’s the glow from an immense luxury liner, several storeys tall and dwarfing their craft. Row after row after row of wealthy gawkers line its railings, looking down at the ship’s measly crew like spectators in the Coliseum. The crew, who’ve spent nearly two hours of film-time scuttling through the bowels of their ship, committing debaucheries and big betrayals, seem minor now, as do the stakes they struggled over. Their debaucheries were petty; their betrayals netted tiny gains. Those of us in the audience knew it all along, and now the people aboard this luxury liner—an audience within the film—know it too. They stand in for us.
CaraMunich 8 oz.
When he'd recovered from the echoes, Rel took the rod and torches back to Rissad, his hands already coated in the vile stuff the Wildren had infused the wood with. More light didn't help much with making sense of the room, but at least they could see what was on the nearby shelves. Row on row of plastic bottles, all full of water, caught the light immediately in front of them. A wire mesh, wrapped tightly around the whole shelf, must have protected them through even the most violent upheavals of the Realmcrash.
Then in Part 2, we looked at Method 1 – Getting Paid to Complete Trial Offers. A quick recap of Method 1. In Method 1, you sign up as a referral for someone else using their referral link. You then agree on a payment to go Green on that site, you complete the Trial Offers and Go Green. They then pay you the agreed upon amount and you are able to refer others to that site over and over again with your own referral link.
er… no cons?
Last Friday, Bill and I sat on the deck listening to the Reds lose to the Brewers and kicked back with a few beers. I went for the Brooklyn first, since I really enjoyed a few of their other brews.
Now any diet-conscious cyclist would admonish my attitude: to maintain a healthy weight, do not reward yourself by eating calorie laden food. True. The reality is at least a snack at the market, is a fabulous carrot stick motivator for me. I food shop at markets and often slug along back home with my 10-20 lbs. of food in my bulging bike panniers.
Deleuze, Gille, On The Movement-Image,” in Negotiation 1972-1990, trans. Martin Joughin (New York: Columbia University Press, 1995), pp. 45-56
The two things that I find most striking about this article are the brilliance and passion of Erik. Beyond his technical knowledge of Latin, his theological insights are both profound and exceptional for someone of his young age and experience.
Cook at 350 degrees for about 40 minutes. Allow to cool at least 20 minutes.
With thanks to Kerry Gold butter and Grand Velas for their kind sponsorship. I was truly spoiled rotten and my craving for Mexican food and Margaritas is sated for the time being. Also thanks to Kate Moeller for organising everything and always being helpful and patient, no matter how stupid the question. It was great to meet fellow bloggers, and to share their experience and to feel the comradeship of community and realise you're not alone in the strange world of blogland.
While circus (like all live entertainment) was certainly once more prevalent in American society, it is a testament to its power and resilience that it remains a part of our lives to this day. Vaudeville, which placed its chips on a different model depending on a physical infrastructure (the theatre chains) went the way of the dodo. (It needn’t have been so, by the way. In the early days, folks like M.B. Leavitt, Weber and Fields and Tony Pastor crossed the country with touring vaudeville companies. Come to think of it, there’s no reason such an idea couldn’t be revived).
Welcome welcome!!
Subjects: Fishing, Historical Fiction, Wisconsin, Death/Grief/Loss (Mother), Community
i know i'm so so behind. mom sent her camera- arrived friday! YAY! i'll have a wip monday since i'm slacking. i hope you haven't given up on me, chickadees!
For Rm1.50 (USD 0.50) per packet, it is really worth the price.
Treasuring God in Our Traditions by Noël Piper is a short, concise, and straight to the point book, just begging to be read by you if you desire to create God and Gospel-centered traditions in your home. Sprinkled with real-life stories from the Piper home, I got a taste of what it looks like to have Jesus be the center of literally every movement in a house.
It looked different.
I feel their stares
This time, the judge is Michigan Supreme Court Justice Diane Hathaway. According to WXYZ.com, Hathaway received a sweetheart short sale deal on her house on Lake St. Clair.
But I am still laughing. Dear God: Thank YOU for a sense of humor. I sure needed it today. And it worked. Have had a smile on my face ever since. Thank YOU!
Yoochun: That’s a good one!
PS...Doesn't Cookie look cute in a kid's size pony saddle???
We made the most of the hotel pool and breakfast until we could move in. And Bean-town cracked. us. up. Her personality has exploded. She is blowing kisses, pointing, cruising and saying, "bye bye, mama, dada, ba-ba (bottle) and ni-ni". No doubt a communicator.
I will give you ONE GUESS as to what blog was recommended to this Weight Watchers group...
and insisted that he stay
for one to go
Dead inside,
And I never said I don't want Chamille over I just don't want her over when I am not here and X rarely ever asks if she can come over cause he is always at your house. As for X doing his homework with Chamille, I just don't see much work getting done in that scenario.
Today, we have no classes. When I came to our building (Hall for Regional Innovation), everyone seems so busy. Everyone is running their own errands. Then, I found out that today, Sir Mike and Sir Robin from Grand Hyatt Singapore came to interview seniors from the Hotel department. We had an opportunity to have a short talk with them when Professor Anh invited us to join their conversation. It was really nice meeting them. It was a blessing that we don’t have class and we don’t have anything to do. I haven’t been in an interview so I am clueless to what usually happens during an interview. And i know that after my 2 semesters here in Jeonju, I will go back to Philippines and also have my own interview for my internship.:) It’s really making me nervous.
Many of us know all of that, and maybe have even done something about it. After all, it's actually fairly obvious, albeit difficult to attain. But the bigger myth, the ugly lie, is the illusion that all of that control will actually lead to a desired outcome.
In a crockpot combine butter, chicken, and seasoning packet. Cover and turn on high. Cook 4-6 hours until chicken shreds easily. Then add cream cheese and soup again cover for about 30 minutes. Stir everything together and serve over noodles.
Isaiah: A book of the Old Testament that was written before and after the Babylonian exile. The post-exile text (commonly referred to as “Deutero-Isaiah”) was miraculously pre-recorded by the wicked Laban so the Nephites might have a record of events that happened after they left Jerusalem.
It’s all about the friendly customer service, right? I must admit that late in my shift, I’m not so much feeling that. Nevertheless, when a couple of women approached my desk this evening, I looked up and pasted on a helpful smile. “Did you need something?”
F I G U R E S !
Do you remember that hour of din before the attack--
Whenever you hear a racialist Democrat yapping about “the Southern strategy” your hair should stand on end. Republicans like Barry Goldwater, Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan, who spent their entire political careers fighting Democrats to end racial discrimination were spitefully accused of having a “Southern Strategy” because Democrats were witnessing their political domination in the South, end. The reason the South flipped to Republican was not because Republicans with proud civil rights records were reaching out to racists. It was a reaction to how the Democrat endorsed 60′s hippy, drippy, (occupyish) “worst generation” was polluting everything it touched.
Surfaced with a locally prevalent material, bamboo laminate, the ground level contains the common areas of the interior. A library for the wife features a curved wall with integrated shelving, also serving as an acoustical concert space for a musical band to play. An adjacent study for the husband is also incorporated. A double height living room is overlooked by the master bedroom through
* Winners will be announced around Nov. 15.
Truly, I wanted to go and tell him that Patrick and I were going to get counseling for a while and then I would be back.
There was Phil Collins with “Sususido”, The Bangles with “Walk Like an Egyptian”, Huey Lewis and the News with “The Power of Love”, Pat Benatar with “Love is a Battlefield”, and (my personal favorite, and wtih a great video to boot…and now you know way too much about me) a-ha with “Take On Me“.
What I really love about this stamp set is that there are 3 strips to make easy backgrounds that all coordinate together! LOVE that!! I stamped the largest hexagon in Hawaiian Shores ink, the next size in New Leaf ink and the inside solid hexagon with Berry Sorbet ink. I have to say that I LOVE these new inks! After I stamped the rows of hexagons I ran the whole piece through my Big Shot with the Moroccan Motifs Impression Plate.
But if you have ever stroked a featherweight mohair Dior coat in a consignment store and wondered if it was worth the still-hefty price tag, read on.
have already done so, though
We will be advertising our community baptism on Time Warner Cable channels which will reach about 200,000 people. Our TV commercial is scheduled to begin running for two weeks on the Saturday after July 4th until the Saturday prior to the day of our event on July 17. Please pray that many new converts will be baptized on July 17. Here's the 30 second TV spot that will run.
And here's why she's celebrating!
and blood
Seriously, these are two of my favorite shows.
In the mid 2000s National Foods faced an angry public when they started marketing the Pura milk brand in WA. West Australians thought they were to be overrun by milk from Eastern States cows. The Parliament discussed what percentage of Eastern States milk was packaged in WA.
The beginning of the school summer holidays is perhaps not the best time to attract the attention of teachers and school librarians with an idea! But, hey, I like to live dangerously.
Notably, the FBI subsequently received from the Public Health Service two charts displaying the outbreaks of plague in both New Mexico and the continental United States during that period. And as the FBI noted with respect to the Public Health Service: “…they have found positive evidence of the plague among wild rodents in the states lying west of a line directly north of the east boundary of the state of New Mexico.”
Then came The Wanderers.
Your soul untried, and yet -
Thanks to my colleague telling me she’d applied to take part, I knew that my daughter had read this particular Meg Rosoff book and so unearthed it and spent a lovely few nights curled up with it like a new best friend. It was an utter joy and a book I could
how do we know
Of course...you can use this aging technique on new prints, book pages, and things copied at your local printer. The ideas are endless !
A whale-watcher is being criminally prosecuted merely for lying about whistling at a whale. But former New Jersey Governor Jon Corzine, a big Obama booster who "stole" $1.2 billion, is not being prosecuted, despite his investment firm's massive diversion of funds from client trust accounts, a crime that Corzine "personally" ordered.
06-29 St. Gallen, Switzerland – Open Air
The girl’s father roared, “You bit….”
Actuality: New vehicle insurance technologies lets any American customer to examine free of charge to see what are the charge has fluctuated too during the last four weeks.
man — the inner, new born, cannot be smitten; nor is it to die: it is wholly
Since I came earlier than the scheduled performance that I wanted to see, I came when 굴소년단 was playing their 2nd song. I have not yet get myself listened to their music before, so I did not really know any of their songs they played that night. They play quite nice with their tune and funny gags from the members, but I did not really enjoy the songs that much. Yet, you may enjoy their tune here.
- biosphere - substrata - biophon records - 2011 (lp reissue)
Now imagine if we took something like Zite and added another another layer to show you what types of jobs exist. Not that the job is available (the fluctuation of openings would make it too difficult). It would be a great step in pushing you to not be scared of your kid's dreams.
This one is ready (pics will follow):
Huh? Really. Wow.
“From the days of Spartacus, Weishaupt, Karl Marx, Trotski, Belacoon, Rosa Luxenberg and Ema Goldman, this world conspiracy has been steadily growing. This conspiracy played a definite recognizable role in the French Revolution. It has been the mainspring of every subversive movement during the 19th century. And now at last, this band of extraordinary personalities from the under- world of the great cities of Europe and America have gripped the Russian people by the hair of their head and have become the undisputed masters of that enormous empire.” – Winston Churchill to the London press in 1922.
Thank you Dad
1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Eating any kind of cheese
Writing is my favorite way of passing time. And because I’m bilingual, I write my tales in two languages: German and English. So far, my short stories were mostly written in English, for a simple reason. People actually get paid for short stories in the English-language regions, whereas the proof copy is considered enough payment for most publishers in the German-language industry. On the other hand, all my novels have been written in German (I used to have a German agent, with exclusive novel rights …) However, this will change, as my English-language friends are clamoring to read my novels.
Whenever I'm back home, I borrow tons of books and movies from the library and read them all night, every night - sleeping at dawn and waking past noon. Not the best habit, but I'm pretty comfortable with being somewhat nocturnal. So far, I've finished my little sister's favorite series, the Twilight books (which were surprisingly quite good), some foreign films like Volver and La Vie en Rose (with a brilliant Marion Cotilliard), and am moving onto the classics, including Funny Face (with Audrey Hepburn).
My first reaction is to be very angry. Because HSSH should be the one calling him once a week.
The we can fix-it people. "If we just head-out and do "xyz" we can save the ecosystem." "There needs to be a better plan," they reason. Or, worse yet, they pin their hopes on the fact that it will not spread and while the destruction is devastating it can be contained.
Inks: Versafine Onyx Black
I recommend preparing in advance of the event by setting networking goals and having at least three open-ended questions you can ask any person at the networking event.
Doctor Who returns to BBC1 later in 2012.
It’s a YouTube play and it was a bad day
Happy faces,
After hearing that The Avengers comes out a week earlier over here in Korea, I was definitely down to go on opening day. Luckily, some co-workers had the same idea, and one of them — another guy who digs comic book movies — said this awesome line:
I choose to discipline each child with fairness, firmness and consistency, in Christ Jesus! Amen!
What would have you done in my shoes? Chased after him and made him sit in circle? Left the class?
What changes us is the Holy Spirit Grammar of God. What changes us is prayer to Him.
The new section 102(b) is comparable to EPC Article 55 in defining a disclosure of an invention which is removed from the state of art. The grace period, to take advantage of this exception to remove disclosed inventions, is 12 months and thus twice as long as the grace period under the EPC and JPA. The scope of inventions removed from the state of art is much broader than that of the EPC. Section 102(b) removes two classes of disclosed inventions from the state of art. The first class includes inventions which are disclosed by an inventor, joint inventor, or a third party who obtained the invention directly or indirectly from the inventor. Removing this class of disclosures is familiar within the first-to-file world because these disclosures are also excluded from the state of art under Article 9 of the Draft Substantive Patent Law Treaty (World Intellectual Property Organization, Draft of Substantive Patent Law Treaty, Article 9 (here).
I was sitting here, minding my own biz, and I started to feel this rocking, like I was tipsy! I stood up, thinking I may have just had too much coffee, and looked at my lamp, which was rocking. I looked at the water in my glass, which was swaying. The files on my desk - shifting.
We really had a great time.It was the first time that I went out with my boyfriend’s siblings and its really unforgettable.
Happy Belated Chanukah, Merry Christmas, or whichever holiday you celebrate this season. May you know love.
“I’ve been working hard. Is it really that obvious?” I replied.
My brother. Jer. Jer died. Shit. Shit. Shit. My brother…RAAAAAAA!
In addition, 160 skilled employees at the company’s Uxbridge headquarters were made redundant, and a further 150 posts are due to go at Cadbury’s historic Bournville factory in Birmingham this year.
13. Up In The Air
By the beginning of the 19th century many of the settlers had begun to move eastward. Early marriage was the norm, and this, in turn, had brought about a significant rise in the size of the population, triggering concern among the elders that, if they did not prepare for the future, there would be no land for their children to inherit. … A pressing problem at a time when land prices had risen.
I hope you will have time to join in with our new challenge and visit the Ribbon Girl online store - we're always adding new products and are happy to send tiny samples if you need to match up a colour or lace pattern.
the agonized complaints of a Sumerian teacher about the sudden drop-off in
I believe success should not be determined by the speed with which we move. Eating more doesn’t make the dish more delicious. Getting angry over traffic doesn’t make it move faster. How about learning to stay calm, enjoy life and make use of it in a more meaningful way? By simplifying our life and getting rid of the speediness, we can focus more on human relations and start to appreciate the meaning of life. Calmness and deliberation are also the key aspects to decision-makings. By carefully identifying and weighing alternatives, we are more inclined to make better decisions in business and in our own life.
Anyway, let me know. You know where to find me: with the real Americans, watching baseball.
The little, stooped figure straightened up, made a dismissive gesture, and said something in Dutch, which was translated to me as, "He who has butter on his head, should stay out of the sun."
Lanna was first to begin scrambling down, finding that the metal ladder was damaged but still intact, and by which she made her way to the dark and smoky bottom. Hermel reached into his pocket. He felt the heavy round stone he’d been carrying for eight days since the beginning of his adventure. He made a prayer that his luck would hold, and pulling it out noticed that it was most certainly transformed from what it had been. The last time he looked it seemed only an ordinary looking green-hued rough little stone, but now it had taken on the appearance of a finely sculptured green jade dragon. He was amazed. Putting the Dragon Stone back in his pocket he made his way down the ladder to the bottom. Everyone else followed, and so they collected themselves at the base of the shaft, and looked down the tunnel.
I am so sorry for the archaic way I'm having to do it... I don't have Web developer software anymore so I'm amazed I got anything out there!!! I feel like I'm working with two left feet! I have done all I can think of to actually display a picture on the list page but it will not do it!!! I'm sorry but you'll have to click on the name to actually see the stamps.
rested
I use this poem as a springboard for talking about Gypsies in Spain and the region of Andalucía. We read a Scholastic magazine article called “Boda Gitana” and answer comprehenstion questions similar to what my students would see on the IB exam. Scholastic has another article called “Los nuevos gitanos.” I could also use the poem to talk about the Spanish Civil War, as García Lorca was one of the first casualties. Flamenco could be a topic, as well. We listen to some music from the Gypsy Kings for ambiance.
Let me emphasize that you should believe nothing you read, and only half of what you see or hear. I am a lier and a thief. For my family who reads this, I understand that its really the only way you get to know me. Since I refuse to attend any and all family functions. Right now I'm in Hawaii so I have a reason not to interact with family, outside of my immediate family aka my moms and pops.
Homemade Vegetable Beef Soup
In the photographs showing the team following the heart transplant, the faces in the picture are all white. No mention is made of the black employees, who conducted the earlier experiments on dog hearts in the animal research lab. Experiments which were of essential importance to the eventual success of the human transplant. While they were not present in the operating theatre, it was their work that laid the foundations for the transplant. One of them was Hamilton Naki.
Fair play will be exerted.
How about spend an hour online trying to figure out what to do about a broken kid?
This, of course, is necessary as gleaming stainless steel and spotless well drained concrete floors ensure that the beer that comes out at the other end has been kept separate from all of those microbial nasties that would seek to destroy our favourite brews. But you’d be wrong to think that a brewery is just a beer factory.
Malt
(Before he leaves he flops over on the hysterical wolverine and crushes it. The howls of laughter soon become that of pain as the wolverine struggles to free himself.)
Nothing to buy as of yet, just content yourself with listening below
Santiago – one of the high school students who spends afternoons at the library – offered to help Will with the assembly (by “assembly” I mean, shoving the wheels into the legs – which took more effort that one might think).
Thighs: Left - 23.75"...25"...23"...22.25" Right - 24.75"...26"...23"...22.5"
At first I wasn't sure. I hadn't thought of a braided rug at all. What if the colors didn't go? It was certainly big enough and in very good, nay, perfect, condition. He hadn't priced it yet. I waited (the sofa, which I paid his asking price for, as it was well worth it, was safely in the Suburban) while he decided (and in my own mind, I decided how much I wanted him to say -- $30). He said $50. I offered $40. And that was that!
My heart that blossoms of the earth
I like Taylor because she writes her own songs and because she learned how to play the banjo. She’s not the best singer in the world, but her intentions are good, her words are heartfelt and she tells a great story.
totally writing this from ethiopia, which is thrilling beyond words! i'm actually ducked into the lobby of a 4-star hotel near our (very kind) friend's home where we're staying, sitting next to 2 chinese guys playing games on their laptops. it's pretty par for the course of being in an african capital city that you perch yourself on poofy armchairs and buy a tea so you can use the rare internet connection. (or in the case of niamey, ali and i would duck into the 4 star hotels to feel the reprieve of air conditioning in 130 degree weather... aaaah....)
You know what changed? I bought a kitchen scale. (I’m not kidding. It was the scale that did it. My eight previous attempts were utter failures, and then I bought a kitchen scale and came out with perfectly smooth, footed macaroons.)
Postcard from: Otwock, Poland.
Above all, the Handbook is authored by me. I’m responsible for its content, along with my publisher. The Report will be written by me but must accommodate and encapsulate the views of the advisory group, the Board and RLUK. I need to work with the timetables and preferred working methods of these various stakeholders.
The Philippines is situated along two major tectonic plates of the world – the EURASIAN and PACIFIC Plates. Aside from this, it has 300 volcanoes – 22 as active, an average of 20 quakes per day, 20 typhoons a year, five (5) of these destructive and 36,289 kilometers of coastline vulnerable to tsunami. The responsibility for leadership rests on the provincial governor, city and town mayors and Barangay chairmen in their respective areas.
One key trend here is the primacy of Introverted Sensation. This shows up in three distinct ways.
What’s the mean amount of time respondents spend on memes?
He will be remembered for many reasons, but also has one distinction among the men who have been president (besides the matter of quitting the job): He is the only person in U.S. history to have been elected both vice president and president twice: 1952, 1956, 1968 and 1972.
After wiping down the chalkboard, I played around on it a few minutes (it was getting pretty late at this point) but didn't like it so I got this little heart up. If I make a huge mess of the board with my experimental drawings and writings, I'll just wipe it off with a wet cloth and repeat the conditioning steps to have a clean-er surface to play around with.
Today I am mostly liking little cats (g), (h) and (i), all added to subsection 4 of Section 188 of the Trade Union and Labour Relations (Consolidation) Act 1992 by virtue of the Agency Workers Regulations 2010 (http://www.legislation.gov.uk/uksi/2010/93/schedule/2/paragraph/4/made).
When you purchase an eBook reader, your first concern might be the size. Some people like them to be much smaller, about the size of a paperback book, while others prefer a larger reader which is more like a tablet. The choice is up to you, but keep in mind that you may want to travel with it or put it in your purse or backpack, so sometimes a smaller one is preferable.
Smart Patrol/Mr. DNA
coli;
But what do I know?
Monday is another Amy, Diary of a Quilter. She'll be posting right before she heads out to Kansas City to help me at market. I owe Amy a HUGE thanks for her help sewing samples, binding, and (in advance) standing in booth for hours on end. :o)
It isn’t always like this. It’s not even usually like this. It’s just sometimes like this. We run a seasonal farm. Right now everything has to be done at once. Soon the chickens will be gone and we will begin canning our garden produce. We’ll put up hay through the summer. In the fall we’ll pick some apples, can pie filling, press cider and can applesauce…maybe can some pears too. In the winter we catch up on our reading and cut wood. But throughout the year we make time to swim…like today. We make time to play catch. We make time to go see the Avengers (can’t wait!) We make time to watch Dr. Who. We remember to enjoy our lives, not just our work.
On the back of countless meetings with private investors, MP's, TfL, the Mayor's office and Boris Johnson himself, Ajit has received private funding to buy Brompton Road for tours and potentially other entertainment.
And since these little tools are cheap (I got this one from Wet 'n Wild for 69 cents), it is easy to replace them on a regular basis. Sharpeners like the one in my photos, I replace 3 times a year. My specialty ones, for much larger, blush pencils, I replace as I find that size.
Oldest spent his week compiling a wish list for what he wants to give the rest of the family. Since the boys aren't reading my blog, here is a sneak peak.
Why did I bother posting about this? Oh, well, she’s currently in labour.
(One final pause begins, but this one's a much more comfortable affair, with everyone gazing down at the row of shiny pumps in front of them.)
To be honest, I think neutrals can be a little trickier to pull off than bold colors. So much of getting it right has to do with textures and layering--and choosing great accessories. If done right, you see a really beautiful room as a whole instead of one big "wow" factor.
The flowers and leaves were stamped with versamark and embossed with Melon Mambo and Wild Wasabi embossing powders, cut out and popped up with a dimensional.
BERAN J, MORAVIK J. Effectiviness of vaccination against influenza in Skoda Auto Company employees during the influenza season 2000-2001. Cent Eur J Public Health 2003; 11: 209-212.
Mats Björk: psychedelic sound engineering
Car Problems? Check.
Sunday The Doughnuts
"THAT BABY IS NOT A TOY! CLOSE YOUR MOUTH, GROW UP, AND TAKE CARE OF YOU KID!"
So moving the garbage can was the first successful step. And the rest was pretty easy as well!
heat to medium, and cook
Do – look for a chapel, not to pray, to sleep. The chapel was the only place in my terminal that had chairs with no armrests. It also had a door that closed, was warm, and didn’t play the annoying security update message over and over again. When I got to the chapel I was the only one there, but by the time I woke up there were five of us in there. Which leads me to my next point….
If anyone could take this book, it would be boys. Ages 6 and older.
The thirty-three poems found within the covers of her latest poetry collection, Shadow Crossing are often enigmatic, although some general comments can be proffered. The first eleven poems are grouped under the section title, “The Path of No Return.” Here, the “path” can, perhaps, be interpreted as the arc of an individual life, as the poems tend to deal with significant, formative experiences, the cruelty, absurdity and mystery of life and possible responses to such. The first poem, “In Apogee,” lays out the need to understand the forces that shape us, in its opening lines:
But I'm never frustrated for long because my kids are spilling over with something awesome: a love of the family meal and the feeling that the kitchen is the coolest place to be in the house.
2009-421.6 billion Naira
792 **D-II/1/1980. “The Preamble to the Constitution of the United States.” Ohio University, Athens, Ohio. (Incorporated in Item C-2000(10), above, pp. 68-89.)
Now that you’re equipped with the basics of professional note-taking, you can join me in my fantasy parallel world. Just don’t be TOO competitive and take that Note Master promotion out of my hands!
Heritage did this handy little graph to show just how totally insignificant the amount raised by the Buffett Rule would be. Once again, a visual explanation helps to explain what is not so clear in numbers.
3 forth
As an adult adoptee–I am not confused about this. This is true. It is no one’s responsibility and not even within anyone’s capability to heal my hurts. It is my own journey, and only God has true healing for me. That much I know. Whew! I’m glad I know something!
Swallowed by its lung.
Those were all $3 or less other than the root riser, which was $10
Dee: I think probably the Renly death scene because of what I said above. It was precisely done the way it was in the book, so there was nothing wrong about it, but I think it was misplaced for an episode. It would’ve served a lot better to be at the end of an episode instead of at the beginning of one. The Wall stuff is also a little boring right now, although Sam’s trying to be adorable.
"What the pope said (in 2006) about the Prophet Mohammed is untrue. Islam did not spread through the power of sword. It's a religion of tolerance and faith," Hussein said.
I’ve weathered seven months of grief, from the first global storm to the more isolated mists that beset me now. I’m settling back into myself, letting go of the incredibly tension that grief brings. We bereft are so focused on our lost one, so tensed against hurtful memories and mementoes, that it can bring on a host of physical problems, including Post Traumatic Stress Syndrome.
There’s a ripping sound. A blade, hidden beneath her blouse. She bares those sharp teeth and brings it up like a dagger, a Japanese sushi knife, trailing ribbons of duct tape.
And then it hit me. While his classmates are texting and Face-timing that “I am not your girlfriend!”, my third grader thinks that babies are floating around Outer Space until they just show up with a family.
This month he accomplished his goal, quit his day job and is now following his dream of
Boil the linguine in salted water and add a few drops of oil to prevent sticking. Cook 1 minute short of al dente, remove from heat and drain (pasta should still be quite firm) and keep warm, save 1-2 cups of pasta water.
Poor thing cocks her head and runs to a door as if she's gonna come running through it!
The random access memory storage space fоr thе normal hardware settings would bе 1 gigabyte of space. The ultra settings would bе double thе normal hardware settings аnd be twо gigabytes.To process thе data quickly еnough for the normal gaming experience the Central Processing Unit speed would bе at the minimum оnе thousand, six hundred megahertz. For the ultra settings іt should be аbove onе thousand еіght hundred megahertz.
Officials would not comment when asked if they are looking into the possibility of the shooting being self-defense or some other circumstance that would not warrant an arrest.
Each week the Weekend Potluck just seems to get better and better! We had a difficult time picking our favorites! You guys always bring the best of the best, thanks so much for that!
I still love to draw and card making has made my two fantastic hobbies combine. I am still growing with the images and adding all the time to my site.
And of course here is Selma's example card for the challenge, she always does AWESOME work, so hop on over and check our her card out HERE!!!
The aide came in with water and a smile. Meg took a few small sips before her mother pulled the cup away, earning a scowl.
If anything, this disclosure should make things interesting – the Golden Globe-winning Pitt has proven to be a quality actor in his past works, but how will he do portraying a baseball expert like Beane? Pitt himself went on to tell Mail that “I’m a sucker for the underdog story,” in revealing what drew him to the part initially.
This is Deborah's pattern, I plan on making it and changing it a little by adding inspirational words to the stones. Deborah has done that in one of her patterns and she said it was ok, if I used her idea in my piece.
“A little handsome,” but not too much, says Altine Abdullahi. “It’s a danger.”
Rnds 7-19) ch1, hdc in same st as joining, hdc in each st around. (I made color changes on rnds 12-16)
In the early sixties Iceland was a closed society dependent on agriculture and fishing. The music scene was an old-fashioned one, where big-bands dominated the trendy scene of the capitol Reykjavík but the accordion was still the main instrument for the majority of the people. Rock and roll was known only to a select group of teenagers in the city.
2. One of the nice things about ads on Goodreads is that you can target not just genre readers, but people who read e-books as well.
So I've found paper i didnt know I had, found some I'd been looking for and couldn't find.. and its ohhh so quiet - well it would be at 6am (OMG) what were you doing up so early you ask.. well the duties of a wife LOL not that - stop smiling, I was driving DH to the airport as he was catching a plane up north to start work!...
Oh well I’m about to get ready for bed. I’m not feeling too good at the moment…I’m tired of fucking crying over this stupid shit.
BM: Thanks Lucy, for dropping by and sharing your insights with us.
What: Floor talk with Conor Ashleigh and Robert McFarlane
At Sleepy Hollow Country Club, Par 35
Do they have a spare 30 canvases for my other ideas that would like to be painted!?
We have different values, we and London. No clearer example can be found than in our belief that education is everyone's right. 'Til the rocks melt wi the sun' said our first minister on the right to a free university education.
Krystal waited, too.
4th Annual "Cousins in Clay" at Bulldog Pottery in Seagrove, North Carolina
I said to her lad, what made her feel bad
WSVHW Blog (wsvhwblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
In the space of 4 minutes and 6 seconds, a seemingly innocent man is perceived of guilt by three people. And, as we discover (the film's title is still a giveaway), perceptions can be wrong and eventually damaging. Manny is an innocent man accused of robbery, simply because he was seen from the wrong angle.
It doesn't even matter.
against love
The risk of attempting vbac is often mis-understood and overstated, leading to risk management protocols in hospital that are likely to lead to repeat caesarean surgery. Click here for more detail on risk.
Tribe isn’t something funky, something colourful or picturesque or quaint. Tribe is your elders – your family and community. They are the people who remember you when you were in diapers and who will never stop telling all those embarrassing stories about you. Feathers and drums are for everyday, not just for powwows.
Are falling rain
1 (14.75 oz) can cream style corn
It isn’t fair. What am I doing here?
Then a few years down the road I got all smarty pants like and painted all my walls and in the adjoining breakfast room - blood red!
PS: I really like the kid's aura.
This year's Experimental consist of two bourbons with different secondary grains (the grain added in addition to corn and a small amount of barley malt). One uses oats and the other uses rice.
On my 18th birthday, I received my first guitar. This changed me from being cool to super-cool. At least I thought it did and seeing as I couldn’t play, it done the exact opposite. Nobody wants a poser, they want some tunes. Imagine bringing a sexy, young quirky girl home and she sees your guitar. You know her expectations and performance for the rest of the evening is going to be based on how well you play. In my case, I initially came up with the excuse – “My heart was broken and can never pick it up until I find love again.” It worked every time. Before I could offer her a drink, she would be undoing my middle button.
If you think things are back to normal in Zimbabwe, just walk into a bank. Its something I haven't done for many months and flipping through my last cheque book reminded me of the mayhem of our banks less than a year ago. My cheque stubbs look like something from a crazy kindergarten. There's a payment for a telephone bill of four hundred million dollars, another to a dentist for forty one billion dollars. There's a deposit of four trillion, six hundred billion dollars and another page showing a balance on hand of fourteen trillion dollars. One page is slashed through in red ink with the words : "NB: Aug 08: 10 zeroes removed by Gono." And then, in October 2008, also in red ink on a cheque stubb are the words: "Can't get in bank, queues of thousands."
Don Ameche/Joe Mantegna (Things Change)
Having sold over 100 million albums worldwide over the course of their career, they are one of the most successful duo’s in Music History.
b) Finish under 5:00:00
Bambootility Shop is home to some of the world’s most coveted brands in the bamboo industry. Several global bamboo companies to be featured include: Angelrox, Bamboo Leaf Tea, BambooSK8, Bumboosa, Casualmere, Ever Bamboo, Kaia, Macally, and PANDA Sunglasses. Upcoming companies to be featured include Bamboa, BambooBubby, BambooChutes,Calfee Bicycles, iZen, Jaseboards, Jerico, Jewelry by Johan, No Balls, Rapanui, Sleep Bamboo, Litrax, KireiUSA.
Now for those challenges:
May 6 - we took the parentals to Berrima in the Southern Highlands. Dad's great-great-great grandmother testified against her rapist (a not-so-charming bushranger by the name of Paddy Curran) in court, and he was the first man hanged at Berrima Gaol in 1841 or something. So we went on a little pilgrimage, although it wasn't a family history session or anything. We had a lovely day. The sun was shining, the pies were plentiful and there's a patchwork store so mum and I were very happy.
I will definitely enjoy it fully in the upcoming days – I will eat it with such pleasure – and it will only be me, me and me and no one else!
I think I’m the only person in the building now. That’s a big building to be alone in! There is a photo of the living room and where we do our group therapy amongst other things. It’s taking a while to settle in to. But it’s nice.
The Oklahoma State House has launched investigations in the past in instances of impropriety in government including the two most recent incidents involving former Insurance Commissioner Carol Fisher and former State Auditor Jeff McMahan.
This interview, which I happened to catch on the radio on my way home from work, really struck a chord. People can offend so easily without necessarily realizing what they are doing. They may mean well, but that doesn’t make it OK. For example, many people ask a couple who have dated for years when they plan to marry. Worse yet, almost as soon as a wedding is over, well-meaning relatives, usually female, ask when the happy couple plans to have children. I have all too much experience with these prying personal questions.
3 tablespoons hazelnut oil, more as needed
My least favorite character?
(An epilogue from LTG describing the Classical view: "Truth is there and you just have to look at it.")
Spring began with an unseasonal blizzard. Michigan City, Indiana, received a record snowfall and the South Side of Chicago was blanketed under seven inches. It was wet snow. Along 55th Street it turned to black slush and by the next day the gutters were running in streams. On that day of galoshes and rubbers and wet feet, Mrs. Thwett visited her nephew, William Popper.
Dive Bars- great for people watching
Enjoy....I know I will!
I would say, second, that we have a real obligation to recognize that, if you’re truly faithful, it’s not just an hour on Sundays or Saturdays or Fridays. It’s in fact something that should suffuse your life, to be a part of who you are. And in that sense, it is inextricably tied in with how you behave.
The Tshwane metro's mayor, Kgosientso Ramokgopa, met opposition party members to discuss the issue on Thursday. The council announced in 2008 that the names of many streets "that were offensive because of their colonial and apartheid associations" had been identified.
Thirdly, All rights stem from the right to life and the only implication of the right to life is the right to property. As Rand so eloquently put it “Without property rights, no other rights are possible. Since man has to sustain his life by his own effort, the man who has no right to the product of his effort has no means to sustain his life.”
I tend toward the philosophical around holidays (ok, other times too).
TV, it didn’t happen.
Whether or not I am working it seems that my presence is going to be felt. Last week one of the assistants claimed to see me upstairs in the stockroom when I was actually downstairs in the dispensary. Even if work does not haunt me, I am going to be haunting work!
Freelance writers who get regular work are freelance writers who get knocked back and just bounce back with another idea, another angle, another attempt. There's no hocus pocus in it. Just an 'oh well, I'll try something different' approach, time and time again.
What you will win:
I'm very pleased to have this interview to promote our local talent; please read on to get in on the conversation….
But once its all over and we are still standing…
Quoting ‘Trudy’ in “Lost and Found”; “I am willing to sacrifice finding my biological mother rather than risk hurting my parents.”(p.180) Underlying these sentiments is a fear of appearing ungrateful, and this is where the status of adoptee as a ‘chosen’ or ‘saved’ child can come back to haunt the entire family. Society at large has picked up on this gratitude theme and often uses it to beat unsuspecting adoptees over the head. I am sure that many of us have seen, or perhaps even written or said, some variation on this theme: “Who held you when you were sick, changed your diapers, kissed your boo-boos, fed you, clothed you….???” Of course, most of us bear some measure of gratitude towards our parents, but for the adoptee, the expectation hangs heaviest over the decision to search, as if that decision is in itself, a choosing, a taking of sides, a question of loyalty.
The Graze website was easy to navigate and chose the boxes to go for, and in the end I chose the Nutrition, ‘Boost’ box selection, because I’m a bit of a snack fiend at work and anything to make my snacking a bit healthy and not so bad for the waistline is a plus for me!
So, my friends, that's it for today! I have a few more things to show you this year and then I'll have to mess up my table again, I guess. LOL Yeah! I'm already thinking of cool neat stuff! Have a great day!
You may notice that the new images are now part of a set, that's right our Digis now come with matching sentiments! You have asked for sentiments that would coordinate with our images and we have heard you! Now let's check out the fabulous samples our design team has cooked up to share with all of you!
He's a little bundle of love and we love him! So happy to have him in our family! We love you, Caleb! XOXO Grandma and Grandpa Sparks
And once again, sing its joyous song.
of 3.5″ RL M20 anti-tank guns but
Mary: "Dr. Grumpy's office, this is Mary."
In the Old Covenant bread and wine were offered in a thanksgiving sacrifice as a sign of grateful acknowledgment to the Creator as the giver and sustainer of life. Melchizedek, who was both a priest and king (Genesis 14:18; Hebrews 7:1-4), offered a sacrifice of bread and wine. His offering prefigured the offering made by Jesus, our high priest and king (Hebrews 7:26; 9:11; 10:12). The remembrance of the manna in the wilderness recalled to the people of Israel that they live – not by earthly bread alone – but by the bread of the Word of God (Deuteronomy 8:3). At the last supper when Jesus blessed the cup of wine, he gave it to his disciples saying, “Drink of it, all of you, for this is my blood of the covenant, poured out for many for the forgiveness of sins” (Matthew 26:28). Jesus was pointing to the sacrifice he was about to make on the cross, when he would shed his blood for us – thus pouring himself out and giving himself to us – as an atoning sacrifice for our sins and the sins of the world. His death on the cross fulfilled the sacrifice of the paschal (passover) lamb whose blood spared the Israelites from death in Egypt. Paul the Apostle tells us that “Christ, our paschal lamb, has been sacrificed” (1 Corinthians5:7). Paul echoes the words of John the Baptist who called Jesus the “Lamb of God who takes away the sins of the world” (John 1:29). Jesus made himself an offering and sacrifice, a gift that was truly pleasing to the Father. He “offered himself without blemish to God” (Hebrews 9:14) and “gave himself as a sacrifice to God” (Ephesians 5:2).
There will be 17 backgrounders; 3 Rummage Bin sets; 2 rummage bin individual stamps, and 3 ATC sets being released.
It is our understanding that neither the M.T.A. nor the Empire State
How do you heal that wounded pride…? Win an Olympic bid for your country. I mean that will shut me up.
Thus, I'm actually finally coming to my point.
So after reading and praying, I decided to not call myself a Christian. People who don’t believe in God relate the word “christian” with bible-thumping, stone throwing people. I did not want to be considered as one of those people.
I didn’t take a trip to the moon, although a lot of people around me were enjoying floating above its deep craters. I spent most of my time in Gilli swimming in the deceiving ocean whose plain surface of waves rolling to and fro gave no indication of the infinite colors hidden within it. As purple and yellow striped fish swim by, and giant corals hide schools of indigo fish, and where sudden deep drops make valleys on the ocean floor. I wonder who the creator created this great spectacle for? Was it for the sea creatures to enjoy the profusion of colors emanating from each other? Or was it for those who stand on the shore, whom he knew would one day want to explore beneath the endless fluid surface?
1. The Stoning of Soraya M. - Good
R5- (sc in 3sc, 2sc in next) around (30)
6) Oatmeal. There's something about a filling meal of oatmeal...it helps me feel satisfied on a lot of levels. Joe eats the high fiber kind by Quaker Oats (little instant packages) and likes it just as much as the other instant flavors.
“There is no [criminal] malware whatsoever that would affect a non-jailbroken iPhone. The fact is, when you jailbreak a device, you disable some very key security mechanisms.” While security researcher Charlie Miller did manage to bypass Apple security and get an app into the official App Store which exploited a security flaw, Apple has now fixed this vulnerability.
I am on cloud nine right now. My husband and I took off work all day today so we could spend some quality time with our girl. We cuddled, we colored, and then we cuddled some more. There was absolutely nothing else I would have rather done with my day.
So many people witnessed my ex’s elaborate lies, cheating, drinking, lashing out and their attempted suicide when I was leaving. Friends, members of our communities, and hospital staff. And yet no one from our city said anything.
(Keep an eye out for a can fight and a fuckin' human being as weapon fight!)
They know this is something I would never do. My hair has two modes, Ponytail and Down (something else my friends rarely get to see). That's how I roll, no deviations unless it's for some special event. They only reason they want this is because it's the most girlish thing they can think of, something that would be a complete opposite of the old picture. I am not a normal girl, I play video games, code and work with my little ten pound weight constantly (I really should get a heavier one at this point, maybe a twenty pounder. Also Sigma, you are never getting this back). They are so desperate to see me do this that they are willing to bribe me, Rove especially. He told me that he would get me Mass Effect 3, the special edition that cost like $100.00, if I did it.
Collection of chain and boutique restaurants and delis, spanning three floors, ranging from Nick & Stef's Steakhouse, to California Pizza Kitchen, Tacone, La Petit Boulangerie and Taipan to Quizno's and McDonald's - surrounding a beautiful (for an office building) glass-enclosed atrium.
It's a challenge for all those series books you started at some point and haven't finished. I know I'll start a series and read the first book, then get distracted with other books and never get back to the series. Before I know it, the series has 10 books - I get overwhelmed and don't go back to it. Now, I want to finish a couple.
But without taking away from that, this comfort lulls you into a false sense of security. You extend your trust to cover everyone in the pub. You start behaving as if you are at home. I wasn't the only person to leave my bag unattended that night (I wasn't the only person whose bag was tossed). Every time I'm in this or other pubs, I see bags on backs of chairs with purses and valuables in them. I see phones left on tables when people go to the bar or toilet. I see jackets hanging with wallets in them.
Moving through the door, they were accosted by the sound of lound shrieking, and soon came to a small chamber where a four armed gargoyle had just awakened from stasis. It was angry. The room was mpty except for some chunks and debris of stone rubble over the floor. The gargoyle flew into the highest corner of the room, and prepared to dive bomb. He lashed out once with each of his claws as he made a circuit of the room to end back in the upper corner. Sharia however would stand for none of it, and she threw her skyrender axe, which has the abilty to knock flying creatures out of the sky. Her and the cleric Ria were both surprised to find the shards of rubble they were standing amongst animate and start stabbing into their ankles. The rubble looked like the crumbled remains of other gargoyles.
However, I still have faux bamboo on the brain and so I thought I'd share some of my latest pics from my Pinterest folder called, funnily enough, 'Faux Bamboo'.
3. Can be copied and mass produced fairly quickly… usually without a lot of coloring, layers, embellishments, tools and/or techniques OR
Well, that's about it. We had a lot of fun, and then flew back on Sunday. My left hip was a little tweaked, but other than that, I'm feeling fine. Nothing that some good ol' homebrew can't fix.
1 note
Something I need to work on in life is listening.
Ugh - Kya grabbed the wrong camera cord! lol! However, these are from my phone and they will have to do for now :). (b/c of the situation, delegation of parental powers were signed today by the birth parents just in case - thus I can post pictures ... and make medical decisions ... you know, the important stuff! :)).
Together, Jeanne and Lee will sparkle the heavens for all to see, as the night sky has two new stars above us all…
If you've graduated college, you'll likely enjoy this. If you have a graduate degree, you'll REALLY enjoy this. If you don't have an education, I'll silently judge you, then go take a shit and think that someone like you will have to deal with my shit some day. Then fist-bump myself for being so clever.
Often they would not truly realise the full benefits of old friends until their dying weeks and it was not always possible to track them down. Many had become so caught up in their own lives that they had let golden friendships slip by over the years. There were many deep regrets about not giving friendships the time and effort that they deserved. Everyone misses their friends when they are dying.
These phones are offered in four different conditions. Refurbished means pristine condition with manual and box. Excellent shows very little sign of use. Good has normal wear and tear. Fair shows a lot of wear. What you choose depends on whether this phone is a replacement or second phone for your existing plan, a phone to take overseas on travel, or perhaps just something you want to give the kids without having to pay a lot and without worrying too much if it gets broken.
They just didn’t turn on the love light, I’m sure
Yet he rightly responds that for any Christian, “pessimism should always be provisional.” So in his last chapter he very briefly proposes four factors that could lead to the “recovery of Christianity.”
5; Kings; 6
1/4 cup hot fudge topping, unheated, straight from the jar
CONCLUSION: I had completely forgotten the original A-Team series, even though I watched it religiously as a kid. I had even forgotten that it was a *comedy*-action series, not just an action series. I had forgotten who comprised the A-Team, too. All I knew was: Mr. T, military, action. It was great to be re-introduced to the A-Team concept on a 2010 big movie budget instead of a 1983 crappy TV-budget. There are some major badass moments in this movie (like “flying the tank”) comprised of tons of unrealistic, entertaining action sequences, as well as a lot of laughs that I was not expecting (because I’d forgotten the original series was also a comedy). The 3 of us watching this all loved it and were pleasantly surprised. No haters here!
Axum
Since he didn’t come home until about 8:00, I figured he had indeed gone to the funeral home. Fine. No problem. Really.
There is much that we still do not understand about soul contracts, yet the group says that even though it was the best potential at your birth, each contract can and should be re-evaluated at each of the four phases of the sexual energy.
But my love for art is a story for another day.
I was able to sample the Viking Pale Ale and the Festivus Ale (paying homage to the Costanza non-Christmas holiday in Seinfeld), "It's a Festivus, for the rest of us!". Both were pretty good choices on my part and I would love to stop back and tick off a few more for my beer list. My only concern about the beers is the number of beers on tap. While having a choice is a great thing, my worry is that with so many beers to attend to, does the quality suffer? I can't answer that question now because I've only had the 2 to think about, but it is a question that I will bring back with me on my next visit.
Now, I don't get a lot of traffic, but I'm certain Jay must be reading, or at least noticed my last post (here, but don't click if strong swearwords offend) on a gathering of brewsters at Brodies. Good job he didn't take any of the beer from that gathering to the Ladies Wot Lunch in Chigwell, eh?
Being able to care for my children in completely unselfish ways (when I'd rather be doing anything else than getting puked on) has a healing quality to those childhood wounds I picked up telling me I wasn't worth it. (I grew up with a *profound* belief that I was not worthy of anything good, especially love and time or praise.) It feels good to give them the reinforcements that tell them, in not so many words, "YOU ARE IMPORTANT AND LOVED" and "I WOULD DO ANYTHING FOR YOU" - even let you puke in my lap or have a nose-bleed all over my shirt (3 of those today!!) just because it comforts you and is easier for you to have to endure this crap in your mama's arms.
reveals an altered perception
They're super cute though! And they clean very nicely when helped!﻿﻿
Eight young Muslim terrorists on active service from Birmingham, London and Luton, were arrested in Aden in December 1998, planning terror attacks against British targets. The security services then claimed they had no idea that Muslim soldiers were being recruited in British mosques and trained in terror camps. Do we believe them?
Bridie, a flower vendor on Grafton Street says that she doesn’t see as many women in their pyjamas as she used to. In fact, according to Bride I’m the first person she has seen going down this famous street in their pyjamas; as the statue of Phil Lynott looks on, my chest swells somewhat at the thought.
When she arrived at the shower room Olivia was pleased to see it was not crowded so there would be no wait. Olivia undid the snaps on her jumpsuit and let it drop to the floor. She picked it up and placed it on a hook on the wall. She made a mental note to try to get another clean jumpsuit as soon as possible. Hopefully one with all the snaps in the front.
Even a casual observer knows that your druthers (namely biking around the country and watching lots of movies) isn't feasible. Go to work.
18 sun
And here they are laid out on my aunts table. I was in such a rush making these that they were barely cooled when I threw them in the car to Bahsten. So I had to take some pics after I gave them to her. I see room for improvement...but overall, not bad for my first try right?!
We get an hour to see all of our team; PT/OT/ST/SW/RN (physiotherapy~Kim/Kelly, occupational therapy~Beth/Lorie, speech therapist~Sukaina/Susanne, social work~Gert and nurse~Julia/Elaine). We get some face to face time, we have developed a relationship and an opportunity to ask questions or make plans. It is also an opportunity for Nickolas to foster this relationship and show off what he is doing.
When God made man in His image and set him on earth, He gave him knowledge of all life and the power to control it. Over the years our upbringing has set limits on this knowledge and has thus set limits on our potentials. So to open your world a bit I have come up with a few statements to open your eyes and heart to real life.
Will there ever be a cure for the common cold?
My wife and I had taken our daughter to watch the just released Disney movie, “The Princess and the Frog.” It was a funny movie, classic Disney. It was set in and around New Orleans and there were many, many references to Creole and Cajun foods, customs, music. Unfortunately for me, one dish in the cartoon that was served up several times was beignets.
Row 32- ch1, turn, sc in 4, sc dec, sc in 8, sc dec, (sc in 10, sc dec) 4 times, sc in 6, sc dec, sc in last 4, (69)
Over the last year Chad has been infusing alcohol with various different things. Some have been a major stroke of genius and others just a major pain to clean up after (hint: marshmallows and vodka=bad infusion mess). So I suggested getting into the produce and infusing a jalapeño into something (I am really inventive like that when it comes to drinks). Chad the "Master of Cocktail Artistry" managed my favorite all time cocktail. I know I have said that a few drinks along the way were a favorite or made the top 5, but this one beat them ALL out!
If you don't feel you should contribute, then you shouldn't.
But it wasn't what I was looking for. Darn it!!
The funny thing is as you can imagine the kids haven’t seen each other for the summer, the parents haven’t seen each other. So there is this din of people just chatting away which means that as the school isn’t using a microphone no-one actually hears a word they are saying, unless of course you are at the front.
RNixon I’m not a crook #watergate. Pls. RT
But an adult can accept that what they don't like doesn't trump someone else living their life with no real affect on their life other than their vague 'sensibilities' feeling queezy.
So I said, “No, Dat Dean.”
Location: JASMS (Jose Abad Santos Memorial School) classroom
the pillaging of resources.
brown sausage with onions. set aside in a large bowl. in same pan, cook eggs. salt & pepper to taste. put into bowl with sausage. add hash browns, cheese, and green chiles. mix until all combined. soften tortillas in microwave. fill tortillas with desired amount of deliciousness, roll burrito style, and wrap in plastic wrap or eat immediately. heat frozen burritos 2 minutes in the microwave. top with all your favorites!
RAINBOW TROUT ROE – $28 / 1oz
Now on to crafting, this past weekend there where a few blog hops that I was able to participate in. I love hopping from blog to blog, so much talent. Well here's my project. Thanks as always to stopping by :-)
“O.K.” I conceded, “it’s just a different kind of social life.”
Lee Godfrey, spokesman for SLAM, said: “The County Council put a gun to the head of local people over this policy: ‘run your library for free or we will close it.’ It is good news that the High Court has finally put a stop to that nonsense.
11/07 Boston, MA @ O'Briens
fool can do. Love itself is what is left over when being in love has
Of course I needed a blackout solution and the linen drapes from IKEA were merely light filtering so I also used a textured blockout roller blind.
What surprised me about the Guinness process was the third beer, or "heading". Never come across something like that before. It's not clear exactly when this was blended in. Perhaps at racking time to serve as a sort of priming.
1-2, 6-4 Higashisapporo, Shiroishi-ku, Sapporo 003-0006 Japan
Yep, there it is, my name and not a letter... ;)
Joanne and I had often joked about writing our story and it was my husband, Jay, who laughingly suggested we do so. Saying he wanted us to write a best seller so he could retire and live on the beach! Well, Joanne and I wanted to live at the beach, too, so we began writing a little each day. My first drafts were terrible. My second drafts were, at times, even worse. Joanne’s writing clearly put mine to shame. Still, I persisted. I was hooked, and not about to quit just because my writing talents were limited.
The same goes for the frequently patronising coverage of arts institutions outside London in general. The media has been full of tut-tutting about financial and other issues facing newer regional venues like Gateshead’s Baltic and The Public in West Bromwich, but considerably less on the successes of places like the New Art Gallery in Walsall or Nottingham Contemporary.
p.p.s. I forgot to take a before picture, the top and bottom pictures are "afters," but there are hundreds of "befores" on the blog, so I'm sure you know how crazy his hair was before :)
Joshua Nkomo - Founder of the ZAPU,
What’s his problem with the Jews? –
Adhesives: Double sided tape, foam tape and Glossy Accents
with enough oxygen and to last a month
Cerulean Isle is a book of adventure! That's why I am taking it on an adventure across the state! Come aboard and join me on my quest around New Hampshire.
Tuesday, I was bed-ridden. I left my room at 5:15pm to drag myself to Panera for soup along with the rest of my sick housemates (apparently Spring Weekend activities depressed all of our immune systems). Around 7pm I started to feel better and I was hopeful that one more solid night of nyquil sleep would do the trick.
The first photo actually has three subjects in it: The sculpture of the children playing, the beach, and Lake Okanagan.
Jim, who won twenty games in 1974 and would win twenty-one games in 1975, won his last seven games to close out the 1974 season. Kitty won his first five games to start the 1975 season, before running into the deflating Orioles.
He paused. “I said ‘Good morning’, Mr Badman.”
I sure do miss Him.
Rieckhoff explains that it’s important to maximize the efforts of small donors to contribute to the programs that the IAVA provides, which are plentiful. From the social networks of vets to a GI bill calculator and career fairs, the non-profit is dedicated to serving the needs of veterans. The veteran care in America has faced many challenges as veterans are not only at risk for psychological disorders, like PTSD, but also struggle to get basic healthcare and jobs. Rieckhoff says that some of the biggest work the IAVA has done has been in employment, where the company has uncovered a staggering 17% unemployment rate among veterans. To put that in perspective, the average unemployment rate for American citizens is 8.2%.
Dara rose from her sleeping mat and slipped outside. Fiery Mount Aege towered above all, a silent menace in the northwest. An unnatural stillness hovered in the leaden dawn. No birds chirped from the bare branches of trees. No small animals scurried through the fallen leaves on the forest floor. She peered through cold, curling autumn fog, shivering as thunder rumbled closer. The clarion call of trumpets pierced the silence, followed by the shriek of a wounded charger.
The Daily Mail's findings indicate that the 2 Most Wanted militant Commanders including Maulvi Fazlullah and Qari Hussain were earlier reported to have been seriously injured during Pakistan Army's anti militancy operation, code-named "Operation Rah-e-Rast" and their hideouts were destroyed by law enforcing agencies in Swat, were secretly taken to Afghanistan by the operatives of Blackwater's or the Xe-Service and have recently surfaced in Afghanistan.
In other words, blessed is he that blesseth. Happy is he who makes it his chief concern to bestow happiness on others. Rich is he who seeks to enrich. ” Consider thyself,” says the world; “study the advancement of thy interests; for there is none to do thee good if thou neglect thy own good. Will men sell and buy for thee whilst thou art busied about the poor? Will they supply thy wardrobe if thou empty it for the poor?
I also received the Shineblast LipGloss to try. I was very pleased with the applicator in this product. It makes applying the gloss really easy. It makes my lips shiny and not sticky. It gives only a very subtle hint of color that doesn't compete with the eye shadow. Both products go well together.
The last few months have been very work focused, I have had a huge mark load and I really wanted to work through it before my cycle began so I could remain calm. That is my focus for this cycle: ZEN!
One night after dinner when we sitting on the patio with a glass of vino we had another visitor. This looks like a large locust. It appeared that either a wing or leg was hurt and he kept bouncing along the walls. Come morning he had disappeared but boy he was big.
Burnt orange blouse: ASOS
Clint always talks about wanting to go golfing in other places besides Northern Utah. I found a pretty cool course before we left and booked a tee time. The course was in Cocoa Beach and was right on the river. When I say river, don't picture the Provo River or the Jordan River like we have in Utah. Rivers there are miles and miles wide and you can't see the current. It almost seems like a really big lake. These rivers, though, are half salt water and half fresh. That means there are some sea animals living in them like dolphins, jelly fish and sting rays. Now that you are schooled in the ways of Florida rivers, maybe you can picture it a little better.
I'm a big fan of acoustic music and especially when it has feeling and passion. In the 70's I was never away from live scenes like these...usually crammed in a small upstairs pub (even though I didn't drink after '74). There's something about the human condition and inner struggles that I find compelling in song.
Details will be shared shortly.
As Georgia soared back to national prominence early in Mark Richt’s eleven-year coaching career, UGA broadened its recruiting options. Matthew Stafford chose Georgia from Texas and Knowshon Moreno came way on down from New Jersey. But outside a few big national recruiting scores, UGA relies consistently on a more regional footprint.
3-Jordan Hebert-Elmhurst (York)-14:21
The absolute best sponges to use are those very soft mushy ones that come in packages of 6 at the dollar store. They’re soft (much too soft for dishes) and are very fluffy making them perfect for your delicate eggs. Use them and when they fall apart (which they will) grab a new one.
We're back to rain again, but it looks like next weekend should be sunny. This time I hope the forecast is right!
My generation, whether we admit or not, is a part of the Gilmore generation.
For the wedding, it's tempting because there are so many details to potentially review and refine to go with door #1....which will be fine for something (e.g., the cupcakes) but not so much for other things (e.g., the seating chart). There are so many moving parts to the wedding that I am still trying to strike the balance of paying enough attention to the details without feeling overwhelmed by them.
Wikipedia says of Desmond Dekker -
The best
there will be no reason to vote for Mitt at all
When the police finally left we learned that a couple in the apartment across the street were having an argument and the guy pulled out a gun. Nice, huh? Nice to know our neighbors are packing heat. Ugh. I hate to even think about it, really. Still, no shots were fired and we did really enjoy our time together. We kept the family vibe going that night. Jerry and I did our sidewalk art (partially inspired by the police encounter, as you might guess.).
I felt terrible for having to leave my daughter on her birthday at a time when she needed me. One of the real life struggles of a working mother – So hard. I felt so small. On the way to work, I snapped at my son who kept saying from the back seat, “Mom, look. Mom look.” I raised my voice in a rant, “How many times do I have to tell you that I can’t look while I’m driving? Do you want us to get into a wreck?” Instantly, I regretted it. I began to cry. It was a terrible morning, and I hadn’t even gotten to work yet.
The holiday season is here, and here she is not
Finally, it was time to step into the big one – Screen 1. I had some idea of what to expect, having already seen pictures of the auditorium on Facebook, but walking in at the bottom with projection filling the rather large screen that makes up the entire end wall made quite an impact. Of course, given the sheer size of the projection area, I doubt the first five or so rows will prove all that popular. Similarly, the sheer width of the steeply-raked auditorium means that the seats on the far side – particularly from the front until about half-way up – will test your neck muscles rather severely.
The question is whether or not these lyrical activities are somehow different from the background design. Does a so-called “human mark” have any more purchase in a painting than a programmed or machined one? Are not Monzon’s human marks still made with a brush, just like the surfaces of his found designs? Is Monzon expressing himself in spite of rules and order (humanity atop rigorous design) or can we just say that everything on Monzon’s surfaces is equivalent, that all is surface, that all the colors and shapes fall in the so called trap of representation where there is nothing really human but there is instead just a performance inside of a system that does not allow true humanity or any further thoughts on what it means to be one. Maybe that is all being a human is, fooling yourself into thinking that you are unique or expressive (you find this latter belief in the paintings of Sarah Morris for example where design is all encompassing and, though intuitively arrived at, is pervasive and overbearing).
We are officially in countdown: three Sundays until D’s birthday, she’ll be 8 years old – *mutters* about time flying fast and just where have the last few years gone!
As long as it's filled with tea parties, laughter with good friends and loved ones, sunny days and golden afternoons,we will be sugar sweet happy.
But even Jasmine Star had to start somewhere. Three years ago she started a blog about wanting to become a Wedding Photographer. She didn't even have a camera yet. Today, she is one of the world's leading Wedding Photographers and she is such an inspiration.
This morning’s story in the Irish Examiner which detailed the sale of a 450-acre land-bank inCork is sure to raise concerns about the transparency of NAMA’s operation, with a property assembled at a cost of €100m reportedly sold for €7m without the property coming onto the open market. However, if you confront NAMA with your suspicions, you’re likely to be met with indignant befuddlement at the temerity of any questioning. Remember NAMA says that it is the most accountable public body in the State because it produces quarterly reports and accounts, subjects itself to Oireachtas committee hearings every few months, answers a mountain of parliamentary questions and is subject to rigorous auditing, both internal and external. How dare anyone think that this Agency which is disposing of an average of €750m of property at par value a month every month, property comprising loans and real estate which are all unique and where there is a multitude of buyers, NAMA a new entity with new personnel, new teams, new systems operating under a new piece of legislation, how dare anyone suggest there is anything untoward or worthy of questioning with its business. What could POSSIBLY go wrong?
Just managed 6 or 7 Deerhunter songs before I had to get a taxi to meet the bus to Wetherby. They were late on: 30 minutes. Very annoying. I don’t know the cause so I better not totally tantrum. What I heard was very good, but I realise it’s not somewhere to meet kindred spirits. Bradford Cox is wafer thin; mint thin. But obviously a genius. One of the nest songs on halcyon is not sung by him though.
Where is the design going? On a hardcover, paperback, ebook, bookmark, website? This is very important because an image displays very differently when you change the size. A hardcover book can have way more detailing than an tiny little ebook thumbnail. In my experience it is best to always try to achieve a design that could be easily and effectively translated to other print or digital forms. Meaning keep it simple and high contrast.
Omigbodun lucidly appears as a seer that sees everything which can also be said as the truth and thereby brings it out for us to see. The problems of dilapidated structure of public schools and how students suffer with the issue of strike as a result of negligence/corrupt life of our government in paying the salary of the teachers. It is very devastating!
Of the 5 books I included, Diana Trout's book Journal Spilling was the most frequently requested in the giveaway.
And, as the president of a multi-ethnic state, Zuma ought to firmly
I once took a week long glass beadmaking class at John C Campbell Folk School. It was my high school graduation present and I had an absolute blast making beads and enjoying that wonderful place to learn.
Most of the critics who’ve trashed Wolfgang Petersen’s mislabeled remake have been fairly (or unfairly) dismissive of the original, an unfortunate lapse, because in every area where Poseidon fails, The Poseidon Adventure succeeds. There is no better way to talk about the poverty of contemporary Hollywood filmmaking – or of America in culture in general – then to look at how low this ship has sunk in the intervening thirty-four years.
Neighbours: This male doesn’t have permanent neighbours yet, but shares his home range with Argyle Jnr female, Argyle male, Shongile female, 2:1 male and Kuhanya female.
Guns n’ Roses November rain US
Oh, well, she's a thumb sucker when she starts to get tired.
As we move through the early weeks of a new year, I thought you might want to read a few comments regarding one of the stories that aaduna published. Keith Laufenberg's "Childhood" (Click to read) was published in the 2010 spring/summer issue. His nomination for a Pushcart Prize elicited some interesting comments, and in one case, I asked Keith to provide the response.
My dad had already dug up most of the red potatoes, but the rest of the Yukon Golds, the Banana Fingers and Purple Peruvian potatoes all needed to be dug up. We got them all out except for the Purples.
The owner is super nice and definitely not a lonely, crazy , old cat lady. For about half the time we shared the room with a family and two other ladies who were all relaxing and laughing at the kittens antics.
FYI- No need to hunt for your rabbit these days, most grocery stores carry most game meats packaged and ready to go for your convenience.
Turn over and dehydrate at 115F for an additional 8 hours.
We are still so very selfish
Fill measuring cups by spooning in flour and/or starch and then leveling off with a knife. This will help you get the precise measurement. Combine all ingredients in gallon size ziplock bag. Seal. Shake and mix. Keep in fridge to have on hand for recipes.
In his message of hope the Dalai Lama shared:
8) Two ARCS from these four (depends on which ARC the winner of Spooky Photo Contest Winner chooses):
My Mom will be working my Merch Table (just stickers and buttons), so tip her well, she’s a super lady!
Of course…I couldn’t have a Christmas tree post without some night shots. My favorite. :)
I can think of a lot of brands (and people) that would enjoy inhabiting that world. They abhor the idea of unwelcome attention. They’re plugging along, calmly and safely, thinking of all the things that could wrong if they took a misstep, luxuriating in the warmth that is complacency, misguided as it might be.
As far as the print editions go: WSJ is still in first place, followed by USA Today and the NYT. This is exactly what would be expected, given that these are the household-name newspapers across the nation.
A big shout out of GOOD LUCK to my cousin Jim who is running a 1/2 marathon tomorrow for the Drake Relays!!! Sending happy feet vibes to you!!!
Halton police Detective Steve Skerrett said the group was part of a larger number of protesters who moved onto the property after a peaceful demonstration to seek a meeting with Wescam officials. Skerrett did not have names of those arrested.
Yay me!
Add in some chopped button mushrooms and stir for a couple of minutes. Add in half a bottle of dry white wine and another equal amount of beef stock. You can use chicken stock too, but for beef stew, the beef stock is more flavorsome and appropriate.
Almost two-thirds of Americans prefer other punishment than the death penalty for murder, according to a survey from 2010, and in the fall voters in California will decide on the death penalty there.
I think I’ll make strudel.
for The Twinery / SRM Stickers Product Showcase
However, on Leibniz’ monadology, time is not ontologically real in the sense that the A theory implies. Instead, monads (which are immaterial atoms of substances, and are the fundamental building blocks of all other things which exist) are nodes of perception. They all perceive other monads according to a monad’s complete concept. If one is not familiar with Leibniz this is going to be a bit much to explain in one post, and I’d recommend reading Leibniz here. I’ve been thinking about Leibniz’ suggestion that the appetitive quality of monads is what explains the arrow of time and the phenomenon of time. Monads not only perceive, but they have appetite, and this causes then to move by their very nature from one state-of-perception to another. I find Leibniz’ system completely fascinating, and if it did not pose such problems theologically as it does I would likely accept it, since it makes so much sense of substantial form, animal perception, and in short solves almost all the paradoxes of metaphysics.
1. The actual, full name of this review is Eugene City Brewery Honey Orange Wheat Ale, which for the purposes of titling has been cut down to size.
I'll never forget that first Mother's Day. How bittersweet it was. I had a beautiful baby in my arms but a huge hole in my heart. I had a flower on my wrist and I remember those around me in church looking at me and smiling at me. A sweet young mother.
Dan Huggs – I am missing you today.
So the question I have is: why include these things? Neither film is in any way exploitative about their use of prostitution, certainly not at all to the extent we think about these things after the excesses of sex in film in the 70s. But it doesn’t exactly feel like a giant step forward for women when the path to freedom from a traditional, domestic lifestyle immediately falls face-first into turning tricks. Can that really be a proper, empowering choice for these women? It’s complicated, because they do indeed show growth, and it’s not like people taking control of their sex lives (especially in the more repressive situations presented in these movies) are necessarily bad. And the movies are otherwise actually quite rich in the kind of complex portrayals of women that would put 99% of most films today to absolute shame.
10. Never use sun-lightening products such as lemon juice or over-the-counter hair care products designed to lighten hair with the sun unless you want a very short hair cut in the future.
2) salt (*little*)
By Ashish Seth
Well, today will be a little different. When Dail stopped by the store last night, I asked him to get only Nick's lunches. There is very little food in the house at all. I will be limited in what and how much I can eat today. I have no way to go out to get food. I know the cravings will start but there will be no way to give in to them. I have set myself up to have a good eating day no matter what else happens. I have eggs, Canadian Bacon, Cheese, diet bread, deli ham, soymilk, and protein powder. I can't do much damage with that. These are not foods that inspire cravings or overeating. The test will come tonight when Dail gets off and I tell him what to bring home for dinner. I'm hoping that by then the worst of the hunger pains will be gone or satisfied. I need to get used to eating less food again. That means eating smaller amounts of more filling foods like dense proteins. I'm going to start the day with a protein shake and go from there.
This park element will truly be a boon to the Columbia Waterfront and the nascent Greenway. Take this opportunity to provide your input and learn more about one of Brooklyn's finest open space innovators, the Brooklyn Greenway Initiative. Be sure to check out the Briefing Book (pdf warning!) for the site. From BGI:
Disc one (68.25)
It was like I was watching it happen in slow-motion–a scene that seemed like it was more from a movie than real life. Certainly not my real life. As this blog has already given you a glimpse of, I have seen some pretty weird, and messed up, stuff in my life–especially when it comes to sex. Even I couldn’t fathom this event happening. Ever, A bubble was slowly working its way up to the surface of the water. Where did this bubble come from, you ask? Her butt hole. That’s right: SHE FARTED. IN THE TUB WE WERE SHARING.
as a blackbird
Malware and viruses come in a number of different shapes and sizes. What a lot of people don’t realize is that Trojan viruses and malware all have one important thing in common. Specifically, Trojan viruses and malware use a particular tactic to infect a computer. They all prey on a computer user’s desires to find their way onto a system. Through their attachment and affiliation with a computer program that is desirable or perhaps even seemingly helpful to their computer, they get downloaded and start to do their work on the computer’s hard drive.
In most of the debates that I have seen online and in live audiences either the woman stops being a feminist (out of protectiveness for the male child) or makes the life of the male child worse, by being extra strict.
And you haven't got a prayer
I'll be covering the conference on behalf of the Japan Beer times.
Our connection?
"Are you searching for unusual, offbeat, unique or peculiar gifts to give for the holidays?
Yeah, I'm jealous.
2. Chicago Bears
ok, not to set myself up for failure and/or additional anxiety, it will get done when it's done. i'm moving on november 6th.
anyone who knows me knows i love me some messy hair. my grandmother used to say, "it looks like you combed your hair with an eggbeater!" to me every time she saw me. and it was true. so i was down to let bonzo's hair get long and crazy. but it was starting to go from crazy to cray-zee. not off the charts or anything but the time had been upon us for a while. i just had to come to grips with reality: it was going to need a cut.
Earthling celebrates 25 years of Clive Barker’s Weaveworld with the definitive edition of this dark fantasy masterwork. Weaveworld: 25th Anniversary Edition will be released late 2012 in a modest print run consisting of gift, numbered, and lettered editions:
“Their philosophy is simple: You are on your own. You’re on your own. If you are out of work, can’t find a job, tough luck, you’re on your own. You don’t have health care, — that’s your problem — you’re on your own. If you’re born into poverty, lift yourself up with your own bootstraps even if you don’t have boots. You’re on your own. They believe that’s their — that’s how American has advanced. That’s the cramped, narrow conception they have of liberty. And they are wrong. They are wrong.”
He is the way to heaven
Gautama chose the Ganga option. He went around the mountain and then made an earthern image (parthiva). Ahalya followed him and his students and their students (prati sishyas) served both of them.
I find it a bit tricky to photograph all black street style but when there are different textures involved, like the leather detailing on Dorothea's coat and her furry scarf (+ beautiful make-up), it makes it so much easier.
You want proof? Wait to see where Petrino coaches next season.
Toluca Valley-style Salsa de Venas
Don't miss next week's challenge on September 29th, when we bring you our World Card Making Day Challenge! We will be giving away fabulous prizes!
Paper: Fossil, Hot Fudge (MFT); Neenah Classic Crest Cover, Solar White Smooth, 130lb; This & That Charming 6 x 6 (Echo Park)
Factors behind it could include conflicts over land, power, security and expressions of group identity such as language, religion and culture; patterns of discrimination, overt justification for discriminatory practices; a history of genocide or human rights violations against a particular group; denial by the perpetrators; references to past human rights violations committed against a possible perpetrator group as justification.
My band. Marti the violinist. Martha the recorder/whistle player. Sam The Drummer. They have such musical intelligence and sensitivity, and I'm so honored that they share it with me. Tonight they sat through one of those set list adjustments and gave great advice (the homemade rose liqueur I plied them with helped, no doubt).
Smells like a light Belgian beer. Like I could like it, if not for the weird yeast esters that Belgians put off.
Thinking this to be a suitable spot to grab a bite to eat before I continued looking for a place to stay, I pulled my pickup over into the empty parking lot. I jumped out of my truck, right into a two-foot deep pile of snow. Cutting my feet through the icy banks, I slowly made my way to the door of the restaurant. A paper sign that was stapled to the wood of the door told the hours and days that the restaurant was open, and I looked at my frosted watch to check the time.
My grandpa died.
He pulled at his costume, a silver skeleton painted on black velvet. The wind flapped the robe against his legs, furiously. His white mask felt too tight. There was no going back, especially now.
“Last year I hired one of your competitors to do the same thing for half your price.”
Alba Polenghi Lisca
Each Martello tower was built with a flat top, on which was mounted a single 24-pound gun on a rotating platform that allowed it to be turned through 360 degrees. But this Martello tower at Pevensey Bay is unusual in that it is topped with a later superstructure of glass and concrete. I looked at this and assumed, since the tower had obviously been converted for domestic use, that some architect of the 1960s or 1970s had added this rather purposeful construction on top, to provide some rooms reached by natural light, life in an otherwise almost windowless Martello tower being a rather dingy business. The addition looked for all the world as if the 1960s architect, in love with the “white heat of technology”, had wanted the upper part of the building to look like the top of an airport control tower.
3. Not making things
4. Add the boiled rajma, salt and the dry spice powders and sprinkle a little water. Stir and simmer for 4-5 minutes. Keep the consistency thick.
With nearly thirty events including live drawing, talks, exhibitions, workshops, a drawing jam with Mesparrow and a dress-up party, the team behind it say this innovative festival will have something for everyone.
We took the train from Berlin to Prague on Friday morning, and we passed through a lot of beautiful scenery on the way. We took the subway from the train station to our hostel, which was a little more confusing than some of the other cities as there was less English, but we managed to figure it out. The city seemed fairly busy, and I think a lot of that had to do with the fact that people here in Europe had Monday off, so it seemed like a lot of people were in Prague for the long weekend. After checking in to our hostel, we headed to the Old Town Square in the center of town to see the heart of the city. After getting some giant bratwursts from a vendor in the center of the square, we watched the large Astromonical Clock chime on the hour. It's cool because at the top of the hour, the clock is animated and you see all the 12 apostles appear, and it's just a neat thing to watch. I mean, it's not super high tech or amazing, but considering the fact the clock dates back to the early 1400's, it is pretty incredible. That's the great thing about Prague, it has so much beautiful medieval architecture, and the city was basically spared from the destruction that took place in so much of Europe during WWII, so it's extremely well-preserved. When you are walking around, you really feel like you're in a fairy tale! The Czech Republic is also very famous for it's beer, so since the weather was nice, we spent part of the afternoon sitting at an outdoor cafe trying some Czech beer, as well as trying out some of the delicious pastries the vendors on the square were selling. (I just love how they put Nutella on EVERYTHING in Europe, because Nutella on anything is amazing!) We spent the rest of the afternoon walking around the city and just exploring the areas around the Old Town Square and Wencelas Square. Even though the city of Prague is fairly large, we basically stayed in the historical center of town, or the area known as Praha 1, and it was great because everything in this area was really walkable. We had heard that going to a classical music concert in Prague was a great thing to do, so spur of the moment, we got some tickets for that evening for one of the many classical concerts held around the city. The one we saw featured the Czech Chamber Orchestra playing a variety of pieces from composers like Mozart, Vivaldi, and Dvorak. The concert was held on the steps inside the beautiful National Museum, and it was a really cool experience. The only problem was that both Cam and I were having a little bit of a problem staying awake, as we had gotten up really early that morning to catch our train, and classical music is just so soothing...After the concert we had dinner at this local Czech place near our hostel called The Ropemaker's Wife, and we really enjoyed it.
The procedure for using the current version is:
you stand up for yourself
I’m not worth it.
and youth especially are now under the severe influence of spirits
Ten people in America might get that (although legendary comedy writer Jerry Belson used to say, “ten is enough.”)
Line 8: which amuses me to no end.
She notes that children are constantly seeking the answer to the question, "How do I do life?" Jinny says, “When we would rather look good than be honest, we are feeding our kids a false formula--which they will eventually figure out and walk away from in frustration.”
I guess I feel empowered when displaying signs of being humble. For everyone that congratulated me on the yearbook, I have tried to say that the students did the work not me. I just guided.
Then so happened that you left..
39. Nightrain -- Guns N' Roses
I went to meet, with chickens, a man.
So I'm in much more of a "traditional" Executive Producer position on RAPID FIRE, allowing me far more time to worry about ELITE TACTICAL UNIT, with principal filming beginning later this summer!
By A. G. SULZBERGER, Published: October 10, 2011
There where the summer lilies blow.
"Greetings," an attractive woman, in a stereotypical gypsy outfit, said. It looked like she had bought her costume from that Halloween store in the East Village. "Welcome."
Marcos loyalists demand hero’s burial for former First Lady
Curse of the Wolf Girl - Martin Millar
The comm equipment is lower down the pole, and has cables to two pieces of equipment. To the upper left is what I believe to be the webcam, enclosed in a glass dome. The second piece of equipment, with the red box, I am unsure about. (microphone and thermometer?)
*soft mat
Horror - blood and guts
By the time we got them home, my prize fish were getting a little ripe in the July sun, so, in the Indian tradition, they became fertilizer in my parents’ garden. These days, I’m a little more sophisticated in my fishing equipment and a little more discriminating in what I fish for, but I have never lost that joy. The joy of the little tug at the end of the line or the dance of the bobber on a warm July evening. The fever rages, but I don’t want to be cured.
I absolutely adore my new necklace given to me by my lovely friend.
Bobby Rush: In My Dippins
We pick up after ourselves with machines,
This weeks menu is not that fun, but it works.
Greg toyed with his beer. “You’re confused? What about me? I thought she wanted to get married—she’s been hinting at it for months, so I finally decided to ask her. Know what she said?”
That's right, I'm stepping down from the soap box and questioning everything I've spent the last twenty years believing. Are we more alike than different or are we merely tolerating each other (in some cases quite badly)? And how much does culture play a role, if it all?
I’m staying on the campus of the Hanoi University of Agriculture, which lies about 7 km’s outside the city. The campus is like a little village full of students. And while they are all used to seeing foreigners in the city centre, I tend to stick out here. I have not met or seen another foreigner in this place, and now I would be as surprised to see one as my Vietnamese counterparts.
Just so you know, I only had gargantuous tortillas to use, so these proportions may not look the same as yours.
ANYWAY, she recently had a cool post about Codecademy, which seeks to teach people how to code in the same way that Rosetta Stone wants to teach you Spanish: by applying skills right off the bat rather than teaching theory first, practical skills later.
Housty, I gotta go into town. Yup, I know it’s late. There’s something I gotta do, that’s all. There’s no time to explain, just come here and let me hold you. Now listen good...
On the eve of rivalry round in the Central Murray Football Netball League, this article covers the unique rivalry between two successful Football and Netball Clubs – Swan Hill and Tyntynder. It is a lengthy piece, but if you have time – give it a go and be educated about an epic sporting rivalry.
Let It Rise is a comprehensive resource for worship leaders
I hope this finds you well!
Tarte for True Blood Eye Shadows in Waitress and Stake
Am I putting my future in safe hands? Certainly I have faith in the idea of the Goddess circle determining my fate, but to be honest I want to see a facial reaction to my question, to my needs. Still I persist; it is all I have on this very comfortable flight. An old lady in a sari sits next to me. She is going to see her son, this she told me as we were sitting down. I smiled politely and put on head phones. They stayed on for the flight; I need space, quiet to build my own history, my own future.
Data presented at the 2004 annual meeting of the American College of Cardiology reaffirmed the “J-curve.”16 A study of 22,576 patients treated for hypertension showed that the death rate dropped until a nadir (lowest point) was reached at a diastolic pressure of 84 mmHg. When the diastolic pressure fell below 84 mmHg, then patient deaths and heart attacks rose again. For example, those with a diastolic of 70 mmHg had 20% greater risk, at 65 mmHg the risk was 80% greater, and at 55 mmHg the risk was four times higher than at 84 mmHg.
I've been asked to write a review of this product, and I'm only too happy to oblige!
Synopsis (from Goodreads): In a future world, Vampires reign. Humans are blood cattle. And one girl will search for the key to save humanity.
rule by decree
24And the people said to Joshua, We will be the servants of the Lord our God, and we will give ear to his voice.
On Saturday, 21 February 2009, the DA became aware of a fake DA pamphlet being distributed (click on image to enlarge) by the ANC in the Steve Tshwete Municipality. According to the DA's information a Ms Jaenette Mahlangu, an ANC candidate in a coming by-election, distributed the pamphlet to learners at the Middelburg Mine Combined School on Friday last week.
camping in the backyard
responsibility to distribute receipts to separate stakeholders of the reproduction right under section 112.
You can tell a lot about a person when they feel relief after walking into a Bohemia doctor’s office.
A Must See
house to pay his traveler’s tax will go even more
is "What are your plans for R & R today?" (rest and relaxation!)
The list for April has been hanging around in my notebook for a week, and, having time to write but not to photograph/dig through my archives, I've decided to make it a word-photo thing. A 100-word thing.
And as I am likely to do, I walked right into the middle of a big ol' something.
I have always drawn on my mail envelopes from sketches, cartoons. clouds, used stamps, pieces of paper or abstract designs.
10 Hold Me *
Madness to play in Mexico City in 2012!:
As the empowerment gifts were realized in me, the Spirit opened up the Word of God in a deeper more intimate way so that I began to understand the gifts I had just received (cf., “The Key to the Kingdom”). This understanding clearly led me to the knowledge that these gifts a were part of my legacy in Christ Jesus and that they were there, not for my benefit but so that Jesus Himself could minister to the community through my person (along with others who have been likewise blessed).
Over the next few hours, all the senior staff go in, and come out with a tired and harassed look. Eventually, Shedder Smith gathers us up in the Ready Room to discuss the results.
Reality beneath the mask:
My pal Christi lives over there. If you look out the window at Mount Pleasant, and imagine going over Mount Pleasant to the other side, turn left when you see the chickens, that is Christi's house.
Finally, a voice of reason and someone who sees the problems of today. On April 18th Robert Reich appeared on the Daily Show with Jon Stewart. This man could not of been more spot on about what is going on in the government and private sector. His thoughts on what could be done to fix said problems could not have been stated any clearer.
"Still avoiding any criticism of the Syrian murderers, German ignores the concrete progress that has been made in Libya - the ousting of a murderous regime - as a result of a anti-regime uprising aided by Western bombing.
to try something new.....!
Squirt gave me one of his many bionicle tutorials, so that I'd get the build right!
Click HERE for a reminder of how Rare Bomber Thursday works.
"Yeah but you and I are talking later. Good luck with Ted and try not to jump on him."
Related News Links:
Portland feels like one huge gentrified neighborhood. Or at least a collection of several gentrified neighborhoods together. It’s not only the lack of racial, ethnic, and cultural diversity that I’m speaking of; there is also just this general feel that everywhere in Portland is pretty much nice. Housing prices are fairly even across the city, and no matter which neighborhood you’re in you can find great strips of nice boutique shops, great places to eat, and a yoga studio.
qualities
Until Tomorrow or later on…
Flash forward two years, and I had three babies and one more on the way. I also had no interest in becoming a lawyer. So I officially withdrew from the University (it was not easy to do - this particular school values their near-perfect matriculation rate and they worked hard to keep me going). But even looking past the actually schooling, I knew that 80-hour work weeks were not something I wanted. So I left that behind. However, I didn't leave behind the desire to eventually pursue a higher degree. I figured that once my girls were in school I would have more time to devote to myself and my interests.
This is why the International Marxists ( Neo-Trotskyites ) and the Global Capitalists ( Neo-Conservatives ) are all so cosy in the Fabian movement - Fabianism feeds on capitalism and excretes communism.
† As is often the case with neighbors, there is a certain friendly rivalry that exists. I can’t resist relating this (possibly) apocryphal story:
Personally I find fresh air hardly refreshing, but today it smells like freedom. I had a dream yesterday, where I found something amazing. But I didn’t know what it was I was looking at.
I returned to the hall outside the bathroom and examined the door. The hinges were on the inside.
Just before I leave you and go outside to see if there's a glimmer of the Northern lights in the sky, I will just share this picture of the rather spectacular sky seen from my boys bedroom window on Tuesday. Boy did we have some rain here! So much so, the new beds turned into ponds, and the moorhens decided it was a great new place for a swim!
Here it is in its entirety. (Let me warn you though by saying that this is a bit long but I know that you will read through the end because you cherish your daughter/s too. This is a good read for moms and daughters too, by the way.)
Serves 3 – 4.
told
Excuse me if for a moment I wander into self-reference. As a child, I loved visiting with my mother´s side of the family, a bunch of enigmatic but extremely generous people. Once, I must have been around nine years old, one of the uncles offered to take me to see the latest Disney’s flick. Full of self importance, I informed him that I was “too old” for cartoons. Now I only enjoyed “movies so moving that made me cry.” He looked at me as if was demented. “Why? The whole point of going to the pictures is to have fun,” he said ”not to suffer.” I didn’t realize it back then, but all these mysterious relatives, who spoke in odd languages among themselves and had funny numbers on their arms, had seen enough suffering to last them a lifetime. Now they wanted their entertainment to be “fun.”
Fear here is clearly about recognising God’s sovereignty. Knowing that God is God is the start of wisdom.
Skills: Climbing-d8, Fighting-d8, Intimidation-d12, Notice-d8, Psionics-d10
Day 1, Oct 24. Multicolored tweed jacket, don't remember. Pink, cowl-neck shell, New York and Company. Brown, cuffed pants, Victoria's Secret. Pink chandelier earrings, Claire's. I will have to check the tag on this jacket for the brand. It is one of my favorites because it matches my favorite colors and it is very warm. It cost far more than any other blazer I own, but it was worth it!
World Champion Sheamus vs. Daniel Bryan
He's there as a grim reminder that no matter what you do
Location 3, Clientele 1, Beer Selection 1, Ambience 1, Service 0
Mya is a very lively little girl. Mya goes through shoes like you would not believe. Though she has tons of shoes she plays so hard she has worn out a pair of Target shoes in one school day. Mya plays hard and has an imagination like you would not believe. She is funny and loves to laugh.
I would have had to revise it soon anyway, because it contains links to my blogs. This one is obviously fine, but I have since moved the other from Tumblr over here to WordPress, so the link in the story is a dead end. That doesn’t look that professional. I want to make some formatting changes too – maybe tweak the characters just a little bit, and expand the story just slightly. My plan is to re-release it, as part of the “bundle book” I’ll describe below. And also to release an enhanced version of it, with a price on it. No more freebie story.
The wizard has his own tricks. In addition to the detect magic, they can cast a ray of frost each round for 1d3 – not too shabby. They have 2 or three daily spells besides the ray, but the wizard was not left out of the “something to do every round” sweep, and the ray of frost becomes puny beside the amazing staff hurling abilty (which I dubbed the Blunt Spear technique) and was actually the wizards best at will power. This meant the wizard never had to resort to his dagger or crossbow, unlike previous editions. Magic missile required no to hit roll, and was the ultimate demise of the big bad Black Fang, by a twice-unconscious wizard lying on the ground at its feet.
The important one is, simply, “Can we shed migrant workers when the good times are gone, thus avoiding yet another increase in the social welfare budget?” To which the answer is an unequivocal ‘no’. And thus by recognising this, we get the answer to the other burning question of the hour: should we import skilled labour, or retrain our own? To which the answer is an equally obvious “Retrain our own”. The wishfully unthinking fluffy tendency are still struggling with this agonising decision, but the rest of have got it. Just a shame they run the country, not us.
Overall, I love this shade and would definitely recommend it to everyone to check out. It looks so natural, it's definitely a color I'll be re-purchasing.
Image from July 1980.
Being "in the flow" builds co-operative behaviour.
There was also a quake in Colorado that has some strange anomallies associated with it. This being that even though this quake was reported in the Denver Post, NY Times, Huff Post, and other local papers, it has been de-listed from the USGS.gov site.
My blog is open again. I won't allow anyone to censor me anymore...
It comes as Microsoft infringed two patents needed for H.264 video coding and playback. but a US court has banned Motorola from enforcing the ban until next week.
150ml milk
This isn’t the kind of blog post I meant to write after so much silence. I guess I just hope it’s the kind of post that you needed to read. Perhaps you, like me, tend to live in the Where You’re Going and forget to enjoy the Where You Are. And maybe you must always be moving forward, because getting what you want will always, must always, be a gradual process. I’m not even sure there is a What You Want, not that doesn’t morph once you’ve reached it.
It's hard to only pick five favorites about summer time, especially since
In one, a friend who had been seeing a specialist for really very regular follow up saw a new doctor. The new doctor had read the notes, seen the progress, and – it felt to my friend – made a decision on how the consultation was going to go, and ended up discharging him. This was all despite having never met the patient, not heard the background, having no idea of the context of the illness – but the numbers looked good, the progress was clear and therefore the decision was an easy one.
“That’s all you need to know.”
Just before morning prayers
Festive
This is Wyatt's friend Jason. He says his girlfriend
Of course, like most of my recipes, you can certainly customize this recipe to fit what's in your refrigerator or CSA box. I'm sure I'll be recreating this soup again in the coming weeks- and I can't wait to find out what shows up in my bowl.
I've been prideful and arrogant in my marriage too. I've only been looking at where my husband disappoints me or lets me down, how he doesn't show up, where things feel hard, rather than seeing what I'm doing. Where I am closed and cold toward him and the damage I've done these last six years to his heart. It's not all him, and I think I was convinced that it was.
As nations such as Canada, Great Britain, the Netherlands (and many others in Europe) have become more secular, they have demonstrated a willingness to embrace virtually anything – anything except their traditional Christian foundations. In fact, they now regularly repudiate those foundations, promoting abortion, legalizing homosexual marriage, and changing their traditional legal codes. And accepting the falsehood that all beliefs are equal and that truth is relative, they have even been willing to incorporate Islamic Sharia law into their legal codes in order to protect the special practices of some Muslims living among them. This has energized many Muslims in those countries and they are displaying a new boldness that is vocal, visible, and demonstrably assertive.
These were old advertising friends, people I worked with from 1990 to 1995 when I was plying the well-lit, well-designed, hall-of-fame hallways of the now defunct Ally & Gargano.
The new dual action DC plug is composed of a dual car charger splitter that allows you to power 2 mobile phones all at the same time in your car. All you need to do is plug the power adapter into your power socket and it’s set and ready to use. This is truly beneficial if you have more than 1 mobile phone in your car.
Then there is this from the same blog, the same post:
Could you talk a little about your decision to feature a biracial protagonist? How did this aspect of the character manifest to you? What responses has it generated?
Chris' favorite card this week was Jen's card. "I love the pop of color on the white background. The two textures of the white, along with the lace border add to the elegance! So pretty!"
Making mistakes is part of being human, and most hiring managers will let the occasional blank stare or fumbled sentence slide during an interview. But there are some slip-ups that you just can’t recover from, mistakes so ridiculous that they’ll completely eclipse any potential you may have in the mind of your interviewer.
The story also involves an illicit love affair, Legos, a zombie pig, and of course a couple of car crashes. I hope you'll check it out.Learn more about the book and author at Nick Arvin's website and blog.
When E first reacted, I instinctively gave Benadryl and called his pediatrician, who told me to take him to the hospital. If, God forbid, he ever has another reaction, I will give the Benadryl and EpiPen and then call an ambulance, rather than taking him to the hospital myself. Even though I was very familiar with food allergies, I had no clue about how serious they could be. Now I know. Educating more people about them can mean fewer little lives lost to them.
But, as luck would have it, I had to jog by the other side of the track. And there was another gate. And while this gate was closed, it was NOT locked.
Some of you read of the news of the Thailand flood that happened in the past few months which inundated about 1/3 of Thailand. Many people had lost their lives, homes and livelihood from the unpredictable waters and some are still suffering now. As part of this year's charity act, 10% of the sales proceeds received from this weekend from our sister shop Deejai Supplies will go to a direct fund for crafters and artisans affected by the flood. Please help us make this possible by passing the word and visiting our booth! Come get a gift that keeps on giving...
You lost America to Globalist’s,
Accidentally found ourselves in this situation …
We Cannot Be Afraid
is a domain where humans have used the technology of the grid
"We beseeched the patient to stop using heroin, yet still she scorns our advice."
b) you must post about it on your sidebars; linking back here
These two images makes me want to know more about the cultural exchange between Germany and France between the world wars. It seems like such a creative era, cruelly interrupted by the fascist movement. Claude and her partner, Suzanne Malherbe, was in the resistance during the second world war, at Jersey. They showed an astonishing amount of courage and was nearly killed because of their efforts to discourage the nazi enemy.
DR EVIL: Two of the funniest men in the business there. Back to you Kim. Look lads, leave the cable alone…don’t pull that! sssssssssssssssssssssssss
As Emily sat there remembering her Christmases past, a small tear escaped from her eye and slid down her cheek dropping onto her knee. Her dog, Ellie who had been lying beside her on the floor, suddenly looked up at Emily and sensed her sadness. She sat up and leaned against Emily licking her cheek where the tear had been. Emily put her arms around Ellie, snuggling in close to her neck and whispering, "We have to make Christmas special this year for Mommy."
Jacqueline Crompton Ottaway / Roman Numerals / 80-81
Leonard Q Ross - or Leo Rosten - was a Polish-American Jew born near the beginning of the 20th century. I first read his three humorous books, which my parents had on their shelves, when I was in my teens. I must have re-read a couple of times while still at home, and then once again about fifteen years ago.
And thank you, Joey Kurtzman, for writing this article for Jewcy.
This blog began in an (I’ll admit it) fairly random and rambling fashion. Although still plagued with an overabundance of parentheses, colons (full and semi) and asides, things have calmed down somewhat into a regular, one-book-review-per-entry format.
“I don’t know, heard he took over after his uncle died. Why are you so tense Hun?” She started to rub my shoulders. I instantly relaxed.
Card stock: American Crafts; Bazzill
14 The Garden
So here's one of my freebie hauls, it includes four Go-Paks of Nutter Butter Bites, Mini Oreos and Mini Chips Ahoy. One Herbal Essences hair spray, six packs of band-aids, three tubes of toothpaste, two deodorants (I liked the smell), and two packs of BIC pens. I paid only $6.42 for all of it! It retailed at well over $35, I would call that a win-win for me!
- We actually just finished tracking for it last week. We recorded with J. Robbins in Baltimore MD which was really great. It's for a full length that should be out sometime before September on No Idea. I think the songs are rad and I'm really excited for it to be out, its been a while since we put out a full length record.
MLA: Is the growth in the foods’ business mainly a result of inflation?
Hubby and Will took care of getting the whipped cream!
And to learn a little more in depth about the relationship within the mind of a child being groomed please go to: http://ressurrection.wordpress.com/2012/04/09/why-many-professionals-believe-that-child-sexual-abuse-programs-are-obselete/
Much is this is able to happen because of antibiotics. Before the discovery of antibiotics, a small cut could kill you if it were to get infected. Infection was one of the leading causes of death. Wounded soldiers would die in the hospital from infections, and even today, in diseases such as AIDS, the virus itself doesn’t kill you, but the infections and small colds do, since the body’s immune system can’t fight off the bacteria. It’s easy to say that bacteria are very deadly, but we just have the resources to combat them. All of this could change if bacteria become resistant to antibiotics.
The sauce was a bit reddish and tomatoey, with a vinegar twinge. Not too much of either though, and I like the sauce.
Many of us as parents want to help our kids be "good" people and have "good" jobs and have "good" families and really just be "good" people. So how do we do that? How do we help our kids be "good?"
Warm up: 5 min on Chair bike
“You have one hour,” the examiner said, carelessly dropping the test envelope down in front of Anya. “All the sections must be filled out,” he placed a pencil at the top of the desk, “any hint of cheating and your test will end immediately, and you will be prohibited from testing again until next year.” Anya reached for the pencil, but the sharp glare from the examiner made her shrink back into her chair. “The test will begin when I say it does.” He growled, walking towards his desk.
It took about 15 minutes until they opened the gates and the lady at the turnstile had already pre-scanned our tickets so at the appointed moment, we would all just walk through. The order: Noah, Camille, Heidi, and then me. After the heavier ladies of course, it's not like we're impolite.
(I didn't bother looking at the price because it was a size 10 and I'm just a size 8).
God continues to bless me with His touch on my body. This morning I participated in a Stress Test, my first post surgery. This is something that I have been working up to since I started Cardiac Rehab three weeks ago. You may notice the title of this post - Praise God! I received very encouraging news today. I was just shy of 10 minutes on the treadmill and came back with a test result that fell into the normal category. It has never sounded so good to be included in the "normal" category. I know that there are a few who might challenge that statement :-)! God continues to do His work.
I wish someone would have told me just how bad random blogs can be, before I clicked on that "Next blog" button.
And now there is one important thing I still have to learn:
Dear FIFA
3. Gradually add the oil in a thin trickle to begin with - adding only a few drops at a time - whisking continuously until mixture is thickened and stable. You can now add the remaining oil in a slow steady stream, still whisking continuously, ensuring the last addition had been properly emulsified before adding the next..
I'd like to say Alex helped me fend off the pineapple attack but he was laughing too hard to be useful. I would have been mad at him but his laugh sounds like Fozzie Bear's and I like that.
I hadn't even thought about it until this morning when I responded to a thread about mobile computing using a laptop, but they offer 2 GB of free storage.
Breckenridge Autumn Ale tasted about like what it smells like. Toasty, nutty, caramel taste with a slight bitterness at the end. Has a nice smooth malt and hops combo, not too sweet not too bitter. A very drinkable beer but nothing to distinguish itself from the others in this category. Breckenridge puts it into the Oktoberfest category, but it is way to sweet if you ask me. Because of how sweet it was, this is very surpising, but some reason I really liked this beer and would try it again.
I praise it for its dated 1970s fake teak casing, and slightly dangerous-looking wiring.
Until next time, I hope you all are making the most of the final full month of summer!
A big thanks to you three who participated in the break and I hope you all had some fun.
Arrogance is insisting on a fakebelieve meme that unelected regimes as just as bona fide"d as elected govs!
Regardless of fuzzy tummy feelings, though, these silly geese have a lot longer to go before it’ll even be acceptable to give them an actual romance, and right now, they have a famous legend to encounter – the Black Dog, or rather, something based off of it. The script I’m working on is a fantasy-based setting that is based off of several different places and time periods in terms of environment, government, architecture, culture, and folklore, telling the story of a fresh-out-of-training soldier with a lot to hide, nothing to lose, and how their life changes throughout several different stories, ranging from action to drama, and essentially goes through a lot of good, a lot of bad, and a lot of plot-rich things hidden in even the most seemingly irrelevant pieces of their life when they wind up being carted off to war at the worst possible time.
So just tip your head back a little for me. Move your hair away from your neck. That’s right. It won’t hurt. Not for long, at least.
Worth is most beautiful
I remember reading about retirement savings like this: Take two individuals, and we'll call them Jim and Bob again. Jim saves $2000 a year in a retirement account from ages 19-26, and then he stops, because he wants to buy a house. Bob, on the other hand, doesn't start saving until he's 26. He puts in $2000 a year until he's 65. Guess who has more in the end? Jim. It's starting early that does it for you, because you have that extra time to earn more return.
The whole thing was basically brought on by a rather large man walking too closely behind me down the aisle. I turned a corner to get away from him and relieve the anxiety, but there was a woman right there, so then it was like I was sandwiched in and couldn’t escape. The anxiety ratcheted up, and I couldn’t breathe, and my chest…lawd, I felt like I was suffering from a heart attack right there in the aisle.
And it’s that implicit understanding of its protagonist that makes Belle de Jour feel still relevant and satisfying even today, when it’s social politics are starting to feel fairly quaint. It is a film about the struggle to embrace one’s true self, even when it clashes with the identity society puts upon you. In that way, and in a very similar vein, I would compare it to a movie such as Secretary, which explored similar concepts in a more conventional (as if such words were ever used for that movie) romantic comedy setup. But few movies delve so deeply into the strange and bewildering blurred lines between reality and fantasy like Belle de Jour, where the unconscious and the consciously suppressed merge to become one complex, delicate lens through which Séverine (and everyone, really) views the world.
"In early October the Soviet-Fapla offensive was smashed at the Lomba River near Mavinga. It turned into a headlong retreat over the 120 miles back to the primary launching point at Cuito Cuanavale. In some of the bloodiest battles of the entire civil war, a combined force of some 8,000 Unita fighters and 4,000 SADF troops destroyed one Fapla brigade and mauled several others out of a total Fapla force of some 18,000 engaged in the three-pronged offensive. Estimates of Fapla losses ranged upward of 4,000 killed and wounded. This offensive had been a Soviet conception from start to finish. Senior Soviet officers played a central role in its execution. Over a thousand Soviet advisers were assigned to Angola in 1987 to help with Moscow's largest logistical effort to date in Angola: roughly $1.5 billion in military hardware was delivered that year. Huge quantities of Soviet equipment were destroyed or fell into Unita and SADF hands when Fapla broke into a disorganized retreat... The 1987 military campaign represented a stunning humiliation for the Soviet Union, its arms and its strategy. It would take Fapla a year, or maybe two, to recover and regroup. Moreover the Angolan military disaster threatened to go from bad to worse. As of mid-November, the Unita/SADF force had destroyed the Cuito Cuanavale airfield and pinned down thousands of Fapla's best remaining units clinging onto the town's defensive perimeters."
8) Kill the Minimum Wage; Institute a Minimum Income
3. Place a sheet of baking paper on a baking tray and spray it with non-stick spray. Drop tablespoons of dough on the tray keeping about 3 cm (1 inch) between each. You should get about 16-18 out of one recipe. To make eclairs, place the dough into a piping bag with a round tip (about a 1 cm opening) and pipe 8 cm (3 inch) strips onto the sheet about 6 cm (2 inches) apart.
My deployment was pretty similar, however she changed a bit of her strategy. Her Juggernaut was on the far right completely out of the fight. She wasn’t able to give him focus to run trying to stay in cover so I knew that jack was a waste of points. But she doesn’t like me pointing that stuff out till the end of the game.
It had occured to me that there are really 3 kinds of people in the world. Grape Jelly People, Strawberry Jelly People, and Raspberry Jam People. It is not often that people from these worlds take upon themselves the tastes of others and my darling is a Grape Jelly person. The stuff honestly makes me sick to even look at, but when I make him his breakfast in bed three or more times a week it is usually including toast with grape jelly. And then when we go to the store I always get his grape jelly but and so preoccupied I forget to get my raspberry jam or raspberry preserves. And I say that whenever we get home. I think he could have bought me a jar of raspberry jam for Valentine's Day without breaking the bank. Maybe I will buy myself some of this because it looks way more delicious than even the already delicious kinds you can get from the grocery store. And BEAUTIFULLY staged GroovyJams. Good job!
Mr. Francis Noel-Baker (Swindon) I wish to attempt to draw the attention of the House to the advertising campaigns being conducted by tobacco manufacturers and, in particular, to their efforts to persuade young people and children to smoke cigarettes, on which they are at the present time spending large amounts of money....Of course, this whole matter has to be judged against the background of the horrifying risks to health which have shown to be involved in the heavy smoking of cigarettes. That risk, let me add, is precisely the same whether one is dealing with the smoking of the old-fashioned, conventional, plain cigarette, or with the cigarette with the filter tip or the mentholated cigarettes which in the last few years have been entering the consumer market.
I'll post all the pics once it's all finished and looking pretty.
Hugs Paula
In still other news, I wanted to share this formative song from my late teendom. I always thought it was amazing…and the sampling of the Blood, Sweat and Tears song, “Spinning Wheel” was nothing less than genius.
Ive been told, “You don’t have to BE perfect”. And that hurts. You’d think Id appreciate someone pointing that out. Yes I do have to be…. Perfect YES, yes I do.
The road they are on is long and perilous—and in a world where young women only live to age twenty and men die at age twenty-five, time is precious. In this sequel to Lauren DeStefano’s harrowing Wither, Rhine must decide if freedom is worth the price—now that she has more to lose than ever.
Ponder: Well, I left my dildo upstairs in my locker, so...
In fact, in a way, it felt like a bit of luxury to have someone read my work for errors since that's what I am constantly doing for my students.
There's nothing to lose! MaggiesDirect.com has wonderful quality products. I would love to win this contest and I'm certainly going to be trying to get as many entries as possible!
On the market - Speaking as a resident on the English side of the Scottish border, beers wearing the Belhaven name can prove shockingly hard to locate. Options are far greater on home turf. But fear not, for the brewery's online store is more than able to supply your needs.
Tonight Zoozoo wanted to jump on there to find some "healthy" dinner ideas for the week. She was scrolling down finding some great recipes but then she needed to head off to do her job. Little Man jumped on the computer as soon as she left. A few minutes later Bama looked over at Little Man who was still on Pinterest and asked "what are you looking for"?
I can’t help
"He walked out of the house to go to the store. He was going to the store," she said.
Step 4: Estimate – Estimate the corpus required for the inflated expenses to support you during the period of retirement till death.
Only one thing left to do to wake myself from this apparent dream ... opening the french doors to the porch I gently step out into the brilliant sunlight and ... and.... oh dear my back steps from the porch appear to be missing...
1 Foreign Affairs 3:30
Therefore, what I will consider here is the way I perceived "Bombay's Republic" to be very much different from a dutiful story, to be, in fact, the sort of story where the first word that comes to mind when I think of it is delightful.
1. Thank the person who nominated you for this award.
If you want to be accepted by the wider Bourne family I suggest you take some guidance from experts with utmost haste. There are plenty of finishing schools around.
Twitter CEO Dick Costolo said in September that the service had 100 million active daily users, which means that Twitter has expanded by at least another 40 million users in just six months. Costolo also said in October that the service generated 250 million "tweet" messages a day, again showing that the growth of Twitter continues to accelerate.
And I passed a child, clinging to a dead man, pretending to sleep too.
Go Colts.
More than an hour and a half before Hickey was scheduled to begin, a line of students from SAIC, UIC other art fans stretched along Michigan Avenue from Adams to Jackson. This all made the prospect of seeing the idolized cult hero speak rather lame and retarded. Talking to people in line, it became clear, however, that many were there to see just what the fuss surrounding Hickey is exactly all about. So that was more heartening. As the crowd filed in, Hickey sat on the front steps smoking in has all black suit.
Following are excerpts from a program with Sheik Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi, which aired on Qatar TV on July 28, 2007.
Looks-darling and precious of course! He's looking less like his daddy and a little more like his mommy. I love that he has my cleft chin and Matt's blond curls and blue eyes. I hope he stays a blonde-haired blue-eyed boy. It's such a striking contrast next to his brunette, brown-eyed sissy.
This is what is being expressed, and I feel confident in saying that our Pleiadian brethren do not pass judgment on those awakening souls who have used cannabis to attain higher states of consciousness; they are simply recognizing that to do so is becoming increasingly unneeded and at a certain point, could perhaps begin to hurt us more than help us along our advancement to states of consciousness where the use of anything to gain a higher perception and awareness will not be needed.
Sent: Wednesday, April 16, 2008 9:46:45 AM
“Care to debrief me?” Hood motioned for Tanner to join him inside the house and held the door open for him.
I am NOT a painter.
Yeah you are beautiful but you don't mean a thing to me
What would it feel like?
All of you. Every single one of you. Yes, you as well. And the guy who stole my backpack out of the Tate Center back in day? Yeah, you’re forgiven. I love you too. Mrs. Lester, from fourth grade? Yeah, you remember what you said. No problem. It was probably for my own good anyway. And the girl the other day who wouldn’t bag her own groceries, making the rest of us have to wait? It’s cool. You probably just got out of the gym and were tired (good for you, by the way, for working out!).
A recent U.S. survey suggests most people support the notion of building a better baby when it comes to eliminating serious diseases and genetic testing of embryos is nothing new: For some time, fertility doctors have been able to examine days-old embryos created in laboratories by removing a single cell and scanning it for known DNA abnormalities. The technology is called pre-implantation genetic diagnosis or PGD. It was created to screen for disease, then later used for gender selection. But so far, fertility experts have used the technique almost exclusively to screen for serious medical conditions caused by well-identified genetic mutations.
Reasoning behind Skype Humoticons? “Because nothing can replace the look on your face,” according to a Skype blog post. There is a distinct irony in the campaign. At the same time it blasts Facebook and Twitter, Skype isn’t above using both social networks for promotion purposes. As part of the “It’s Time for Skype” social media campaign, for example, the hashtag #timeforskype will be used on Twitter.
I would like to “THANK” everyone that remembered me before and after surgery. The prayers, cards, flowers, food, visits, gifts and calls were very much appreciated. A special thanks to my family for being there for me and for all you’ve done. May God bless each one of you. Laurie Nack Bublitz
“Therefore everyone who hears these words of mine and puts them into practice is like a wise man who built his house on the rock. The rain came down, the streams rose, and the winds blew and beat against that house; yet it did not fall, because it had its foundation on the rock. But everyone who hears these words of mine and does not put them into practice is like a foolish man who built his house on sand. The rain came down, the streams rose, and the winds blew and beat against that house, and it fell with a great crash.”
But you just don’t seem to be very nice!
That’s not GPS. That’s magic.
I love looking at my stamp sets in a whole new way and maximizing every single stamp in each set! Are there any stamps in your collection that could use a little repurposing or some extra attention? I know I’ll be looking at my stamps a little more closely!
Then Saturday morning we had a nice breakfast and started getting ready for the big day. Grace looked so beautiful in her white communion dress (thank you, Aunt Nora). Abby was also excited to wear HER "first communion dress" (thank you, mom).
The NBC Sports Group also acquired rights to the Louis Vuitton Cup in the summer of 2013 in San Francisco, which will determine which foreign syndicate meets Oracle Racing, owned by Silicon Valley maverick Larry Ellison, for the oldest trophy in international sports.
More Jesus.
Your cell phone you do that. You may end up paying a very volatile, revolving door affair, fraught with corruption scandals and patronage, and despite best efforts it remains so in many capitalist systems, government positions are still handed out as political favors, and big corporations buy lucrative government contracts with their financial support.
“What’s he got in mind?” Marley asked.
Please remember there are a few rules you should follow before entering the Challenge:
8) My cervix is still very-much closed.
the spirit of Christ."
I responded,
Prime Suspect by Lynda La Plante is a riveting crime drama full of mystery and intense suspense.
Level 8: MP Cost: 20, Duration: 240 seconds, All Stats: +4%.
38 Captain Corelli’s Mandolin – Louis De Berniere*
Basically, bubbles means my area is filled with magickal gunk laying around and I need to cleanse. I assume this was because of the workings I just did and it left all sorts of wonky energies around coupled with the fact that I’ve barely been keeping with my actual practices. Also, I can safely assume that gunk accumulates faster with my practice since I barely banish. (I open a circle, I close a circle, I give spirits a license to depart but I don’t consider those banishing so……)
Then we ended our evening with a little white elephant giftage. (A good point was brought up, why white elephant?) Then we all traveled home. We have the greatest friends of all time! Love you guys!
The service road was in sight but there was still the huge hill behind it that we’d have to run up to get to the safety of the house. Everything was happening so quickly. I knew we wouldn’t be able to get up that hill faster than the moose. The animal was already only about ten yards away from us.
So I will not be crafting for at least one week plus or more, but will definitely be online whenever I am free. I hope it is not too early to wish you a great weekend and hope you have a good day wherever you are! Take care and be good everyone :) I'll see you soon! ♥♥♥
.... I told Cyle I'd post a recent picture of him with this school rant, which he gave me permission to put up, even though he hesitated because of the grammar and spelling stuff.
To step out of the hurricane that is the childhood industrial complex is to leave me to my own devices when it comes to evaluation, and that is a position that makes me feel highly vulnerable and exposed. One needs a combination of self-confidence and blissful ignorance not to go completely crazy from the subsequent navel gazing. Unfortunately, that combination is hard to maintain in the face of the constant barrage of experts and products trying to sell me ways to fix any number of possible child-related problems. Our culture pushes parents hard and from many different angles.
* Cuttlebug embossing folder: Swiss Dots
Of night and light and the half-light,
Once , this gentleman , he learned that one more Greek killed himself , he made this statement:
(I’m reviewing this now as I don’t want to go straight to episode two, which will be uploaded shortly.)
EMS gets a call that an elderly man has had a seizure and is now unconscious. When they get to the scene the man's wife is freaking out. With a little effort, but the paramedic rouses the old guy. He's fine. Turns out he and his wife were having sex for the first time in 15 years - thanks to Viagra or Cialis I assume - then he sat up too quickly and briefly passed out. Even after a decade and a half, it still seems like his wife should be able to tell the difference between a seizure and an orgasm.
20 years on, we’ve both found ourselves, and found our way in life to where we are today. So whilst the intellectual interest in each other’s thoughts and feelings is still there, there’s a little more. We’re both much more comfortable flirting with each other, and the conversation strayed into unfamiliar, more intimate territory a few times. But we’re old friends, so it’s all perfectly innocent, of course…
I chose a college primarily because of its reputation as a “party school.” After all, college wasn’t just about getting an education and launching my career–it was also about having a good time, right? And boy, did I ever have a good time! So good, in fact, that I quickly found that things like going to class, doing my homework, and showing up for tests were all getting in the way.
i can’t seem to explain why i’m capable of breaking down in the most random places, at any given time. i don’t even understand why there’s this longing ache in my heart; i shouldn’t ask for anything more. i don’t know why i put on my clothes, heels, eyeliner like they’re supposed to be some sort of protective mask from everyone around me.
1/2 cup pitted dates, chopped finely (you could use raisins)
The real innovators will also be those that harness the power of their employees through effective engagement channels and consumers through social media, creating and driving content with imagination and clear focus about their point of difference. They’ll also leverage their supplier brands to do more and be more active.
If it's anything like earlier launches, it will be loads of fun. I'll be dressing up in line with the 1945 theme. The beer is from February 1945, so my Stalin costume is totally appropriate. I've been practising the icy glare to get the characterisation spot on. The moustache is already grown (certainly good for attracting attention on the tram!).
in my path
I like when the Orioles win; ‘course they don’t win much so I ain’t got a lot to be happy about. I used to be happy when Mama talked about me n’ her going to New York City. I figured if we ever got there, I was gonna see a New York Yankees game. The Yankees, now that’s a team you can be happy about.
I want him around for a long long time. And I have this fear that this is so good…that I’m so happy…that it won’t last. It’s like when you are at a party having a blast and you keep looking at the clock wishing and hoping the party will not come to an end. I want to savor each and every day. Each moment! And maybe I’m a little paranoid about car wrecks in particular but I want this chance I’ve been given. And we really are so close.
I love this storage system that I purchased from Michaels. I have collected a few pieces throughout the years and then received some more for Christmas. They are often on sale for 40% off and you can occasionally use a 50% off coupon. I will get around to putting labels on the drawers once I have finalized where everything is going!
A headache kept me home today and it turned out to be fairly interesting....
And they may be safer than a human being.
"Er, hello, it's Mr B from the school. We're ready to go on our excursion and we were just wondering if Joseph was on his way."
A View to a Kill
romantic and dare I say, Sexy, hotel...
As an American I am automatically distanced from the culture in the Middle East. I will never understand the intensity in the areas, but to me, I can’t wrap my head around it.
Gladstone's March, 1857 parliamentary speech denouncing Palmerston's aggression towards China helped bring down the government. Ironically, this ended up helping Palmerston, since many of advocates for a more pacific foreign policy were defeated in the subsequent elections.
this has been one of the most mild winters i can remember.
A side view...fabulous chipboard balloons from my scrapbook box...had a rumage for a birthday badge and found these...inside decorated as well....and a chipboard no.4..
On my way back to my car there was a little grassy park area with some modern artsy looking sculpture--
Toni Buzzeo’s One Cool Friend, illustrated by Caldecott medalist David Small, was released by Dial in early January. I am loathe to ruin the ending for you before you read it yourself, so this post may seem kind of vague if you haven’t read it yet. But I enjoyed it and want to feature it, not to mention David is here to share some early sketches (and final images) from the book, and Toni is visiting as well. I’ve got my coffee cups all set out, don’t you know.
The full wage must be paid.
Ask yourself some questions.
I ran inside, washed my face, slathered on some deodorant, dabbled on some make-up,
As if that wasn’t weird enough . . . if your partner has been forgetful lately, or seems to be losing a lot of things—including her memory—it may be because her brain is shrinking*. Yep. Anita Holdcroft, an English anesthesiologist, found during pregnancy, women’s brains actually get 3 to 5 percent smaller.
For our inaugural BBQ we grilled burgers. Not to be forgotten, sweet red onions drizzled with olive oil and sprinkled with kosher salt.
Scramble the eggs into the pan until cooked.
In charity shop number one there was a buy-one-get-one-free on children's books so we got a modern Ladybird about baby animals (which kept little miss amused in the pushchair) and a book for my eldest about fairies with all sorts of little flaps and things. I think there's a few fiddly bits missing but at 50p for the two I'm not complaining! We also got the cup below, I hope you can see properly but it's like a honeypot with what looks like honey and some little bees floating around in the sealed base. Very cute, little one loves it as she's very into Pooh and I love my bees. I'm not sure if we'll use it as a cup or maybe a crayon or pencil pot.
Our favourite seafront gallery, Castor + Pollux is currently showing (and selling) illustrator Lo Cole's bold and colourful prints until the 18 October.
And someone you love to lay next to
ANDIE & BEN
Though she fears goblins, fairies, wolves and barrow ghosts, in addition to getting lost, Catla unknowingly distracts herself by raging against the vicious Nord-devils and by pitying herself for being the one left to help the village. Luckily, after resting at the standing stones overnight, she chances upon Sven, a young man from Covehithe, returning from York. Companionably Sven and Catla make their way to Aigber, but not before encountering a group of Norsemen themselves heading to Aigber but by water.
We've tried to punish Myanmar's military government for human rights abuses by cutting off trade possibilities for its people. If sanctions were lifted, could U.S. companies and local citizens both benefit? If we stopped insisting on isolating the already-isolated military government, might their methods gradually soften? I don't know for sure, but if what you've been doing has spent decades not working, isn't it time to try something else?
upon a set of English Scenery in red at a yard sale.
eeek. ugh. i hate to admit that but it's true.
I think for me the world of magic is amazing.
MAC Pro Longwear Concealer in NW20
"Call me Bessie, darling. Everyone here does." Bessie flipped thoughtfully through the pages on the counter. "As it turns out, we do have just one room left. It's at the end of the first floor, and has two beds. Would that work out alright for you?"
‘Cause I’m a woman
After buying the Nook, I didn't want to spend more money on a cover for it. I did a quick google search and found this pattern for a crochet Nook cover. I just used leftover yarn, and it was very quick to stitch. The pattern calls for buttons to secure the cover flap in place, but I left the buttons off because I didn't want to mess with them. Now when I'm done reading, I just fold the cover around the Nook like an envelope. Very easy.
Below is an excerpt from Helena P. Blavatsky’s Key to Theosophy regarding the subject.
we couldn't believe how beautiful it was. in my book, this is definitely comparable to the grand canyon. we just had to sit there in wonder and thank our god for creating such beauty and letting us see it!
I do have a funny, not funny, but still funny story from Easter dinner....
Psalm 34:9… “O fear the LORD, ye his saints: for there is no want to them that fear him” (KJV). The word “want” means “deficiency, impoverishment, lack, need, penury, poor, poverty.” God does not want you poor… Keeping you “in want” is not part of God’s vocabulary… In God there is abundance. If you are in want… check to see what are the causes for that want… Deal with the cause… Is it lack of education? Then educate yourself… We are in the computer age… the world is at your fingertips… David uses the word “fear” again, or awe, reverence… The fear (awe) of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom. God is a God of supply… ”In the heart of man… a cry… In the heart of God… supply…”
"'Whose baby is that?' 'Is that your child?'
though my words will linger on
In the 2009 case, Harris County vs. Afsaneh Saghian, the court ruled “the Medical Examiner of Harris County is a judicial officer and that it is manifestly improper for a district court to enjoin him from performing duties which he deems — in a valid exercise of his discretion — to be necessary and required of him by statute.”
One of the factors for determining willfulness is whether the accused infringer has a "substantial," "legitimate," or "credible" defense to the patentee's claims. Thus, a substantial noninfringement defense, even if unsuccessful, may be sufficient to defeat a willful infringement finding. Likewise, credible invalidity arguments can support a finding of no willfulness. And other potential defenses, such as the existence of a license, may prevent a willfulness finding as well.
He eyed my purse like it was the holy grail. When he finally managed to pull his eyes off my bag I tried to give him my signature, "Touch this and I'll ... Well, we both know I'm not capable of doing anything about it, but I'll be madder than an expat waiting in line at the prefecture."
For maybe all that hear
Chef Gordon Ramsay has cancelled his planned visit to Perth at the end of this month.
In all the missions of Our Spanish Borderlands the Indians were taught to sing the beautiful Alabado at services in the church, similarly as we sing the Psalm Laudate after Benediction, and also at other times. The first verse of the Alabado praised the Blessed Sacrament; the second, the Immaculate Conception; and the third, St. Joseph. The first two verses are as follows:
With my legs comfortably relaxed in front of me and my feet flat on the floor, I scooted up so I was sitting on the front edge of the couch where there was the most support. Then I straightened up, sucking my stomach in toward my lower back, and maintaining good posture. I stretched my arms out and slowly rotated to each side and then raised my arms above my head before relaxing down and repeating.
This is a prayer in the Sunday liturgy of the Church, so I think that I’m pretty safe in assuming that it’s been fully vetted. It’s going to take me some time to wrap my mind about what it’s saying.
“Your doing it wrong!” None of the readers here today have even remotely come close to 170% of VO2 MAX- EVER!!!
The second is the Weletnburger Kloster Barock Dunkel (4.7%) known as the world's oldest dark beer. It is full-bodied, with fine malt aromas, slightly bitter with some sweetness, overall creamy and delicious. This one could bring back vacation memories for some of you.
The Importance of Psychology in Trading by Jim Wyckoff
In a large skillet, heat the olive oil over medium-high heat.
I was 30 when I entered a course, pelvic floor muscle training. I learnt a period could be even painless with 3 bleeding days. I was astonished. How?? I had a long painful period. with strong painkillers. It was unbelievable to hear of easy period. I was told that from our mother's side we "inherited" how to handle our period. I inherited a painful one. This realization helped me to give up the strong painkillers - totally. After 1 year I lived without them and miraculously I could detach myself from the pain. I learnt that there was a peak pain for 2-3 hours long on the first day, before and after though the pain was there, nevertheless it was rather an unpleasant feeling. I was free!! At least regarding the pain. It was a big relief.
PostalCode: 97204
I was right. Mrs Jones from next door had come and told Mum everything. I'd hoped against hope that she wouldn't but of course she had to. Me and her son had been cautioned for 'shoplifting'.
Prediction: Well, they’re going to meet this man with her and I’m sure a case will present itself. And perhaps Watson will get his love interest?
When I picked up the earth on Saturday, I also picked up sweet pea and hollyhock seeds, as well as three roots of bleeding hearts. I know the hollyhocks won’t bloom this year, but I love the green on them!
We’ve built a house, and it’s become a home. Guildmates become friends who, in turn, have become extended family.
John is a literary agent looking for Children's, Middle Grade, and Young Adult fiction. He’s also an author. I've just finished reading his YA novel, Girl Parts and LOVED IT. Also, check out his short story Abandon Changes. If he wasn't busy enough, John is also the managing editor for Armchair/Shotgun , a biannual journal that publishes fiction, non-fiction, and poetry.
but the ghost haunts still, a happy spectre
"It’s unprecedented. There’s never been such a sharp drop in such a short period of time,” affirmed Myers.
There were about 4 new beers on their list and the Hitachino Nest Red Rice Ale really caught my eye. I loved their White Ale when I had it up at school a few months earlier. I also love the fact that this beer was made using sake rice and it seemed like something I needed to try.
Do I look behind...I should. Blessings, mistakes, record highs and temperature lows of life give me volumes of books to stand on and see a blank canvas waiting in a warm tomorrow.
Anyway, I hadn't gotten an e-mail saying that my application (submitted in July) had even been processed so I haven't been expecting anything to happen soon.
Best Weight Loss Tips – Daily Visits to the Scale
Any questions you'd like me to answer in the comments?
SA: In large part because our entire culture (and economy) is predicated on keeping all citizens in a state of insecurity and overstimulation and exhaustion. Also because the political system is fueled by special interest money, folks who are paid, in essence, to make sure a genuine morality doesn't intrude on the business of the government. We saw a brilliant example in the extension of the Bush tax cuts. That was about greed, pure and simple, and virtually nobody would say that. The Fourth Estate, which also runs on a for-profit model, is in the business of making money, not serving as the peoples' representative in Washington. I think most Americans see "politics" as some kind of absurd sport played on cable TV. It's become unmoored from issues of morality. And, like I say, most parents simply want to get through the day however they can. Amid the inconvenience of children, they don't want the further inconvenience of having to consider themselves moral actors.
What is great about The Archers is if I don't listen for a while and then I do, it's like I've never been away. I went off to the States in the mid 1970's for 4 years and never listened once, then turned the radio on on my return, and all the characters were still there, doing what they do. Of course there are new ones every now and again, but it's so easy to pick up again. Real easy listening!
Now it's time to see yours!
I love Christmas! The lights, champagne, the carols, the tree and the presents. But sometime it gets a little stressful trying to find a different present every year that your loved ones will enjoy. So here is my list of different presents, all from the Illawarra!
The parish church is dedicated to St Mary the Virgin and was consecrated about the year 1050. It is thought that it was built on the site of an even earlier Christian meeting place marked by a standing cross, a fragment of which is under the church pulpit. St Mary’s has the tallest Saxon tower in the Tyne Valley. The building has three distinct architectural styles - a Saxon tower, a Norman doorway and early English Nave and Chancel. The registers date from 1679. Part of the former vicarage, located to the south of the church, dates from around 1378.
she is talking loud and clear.
Isn't it funny how quickly life happens? The days just fly by, rolling one into the other and in the blink of an eye weeks have passed. It's amazing.
When I was younger I wrote a few stories. For various reasons, over the years this stopped. I still got and still get, ideas for stories, characters and so on, so I have continued to put down some notes over the years, with a view to returning to them, and using them on something. In paid employment I have written technical stuff. I’ve written technical documents that detail entire custom software programmes which are easily over 100 pages each. So quantity, logical thinking, specific details and the skills necessary for technical writing come easily enough. I seem to be able to edit others work quite easily as well, correcting things or giving pointers for changes. But I’ve no wish to be doing only that for the rest of my life, especially the former, and herein lies the underlying issue. The stories and such which exist in my head, well they’re starting to fight their way out, they don’t want to be just stuck in there anymore, and they’re asking me to help them get there. Or, that is what it feels like. Having not written fiction for a long time, I wonder, or perhaps doubt, if I can do it. But there is a niggling urge to see if that is true.
Social engineering was to change the physical and mental environment, and thereby change people, who were seen as malleable. But people are not malleable — human nature needs familiar surroundings to develop and be happy. People react aggressively and destructively if this is denied.
"You can't sit in that chair!" they will say to anyone who doesn't know, only half jokingly. "Grandad wouldn't have wanted you to sit in that chair!" - I never knew either of my Granddads. One was a taciturn old religiously hypocritically religious bore who fell out with my Dad over a christening shawl, and never spoke to him again. He wrote me out of his wives obit in the local paper and claimed just 1ne Grandchild spawned the earth. My other Grandad was a product of his times alcoholic whose own funeral failed to inspire the most base of human sadness. It's thus hard for me to conjure up the feelings 1ne must feel towards a kindly old Grandfather figure. I did know their Grandad though, and upon realising that what their Grandad mostly wanted wasn't to be symbolically and posthumously represented by a worn old out folding chair, but to be left the fuck alone, I begin to think about my life and it's accelerating decline into mediocrity in a way alien to most of my other Xmas's. Certainly more than the 1ne I pulled a Santa hat over my head and fell asleep for 4our hours...
(Genesis 38:8-10, Jewish/English Bible, JPS 1917)
So yeah - bless the Farmers Weekly who reported 40% of Dairy herds have about a sixth of the cows producing gallons of pus
If you click on the image name below the DT's name, it'll take you straight to the image in the store.
The movie is, in fact, a very faithful adaptation of Jon Hassler’s book. But as wonderful and heartwarming as I found the movie, the book is that much richer, layered with romance, faith, and endearing characters that made me fall in love with them as much as they did for each other.
August Concerts
To rest and think.
It just didn't guarantee a pretty little future..........
Jenni’s words remind me of one of my all-time favorite stories. It was a big Special Olympics race, and the disabled athletes had trained for months. Their coaches and families were all on the sidelines, cheering them on. The starting gun went off and the runners sprinted away from the gate, but suddenly one runner tripped and fell to the ground. The crowd gasped in dismay and the other runners looked back to see what had happened. As the crowd exhorted them to keep on running, each of the runners stopped, turned around, and walked back to help the fallen runner get to his feet and hug him in consolation.
With Good Things in Mind.
Variety
Jose, Paul E., Carol S. Huntsinger, Phillip R. Huntsinger, and Fong-Ruey Liaw.
While the pasta (long, ideally, but anything goes) boils, you cook the broccoli, with crushed garlic and a tin of anchovies, and add the raisins towards the end. The original calls for capers but I hardly every remember them.
The store next to it sold expensive infant clothing, and again, NOTHING WAS MADE IN THE USA!
He sheltered us in His shade.
Her name was Ruby. She loathed it. The color a deep red; deep as the wounds she carried with her. She was tired of being told it was a strong color. The only thing she felt strongly about was her anger and resentment for her mother. A prostitute who wore red because the men she accompanied prized the color. Was this a joke she was playing on her? Ruby means nothing to me. It’s blood color; a sign of death. A death I would take pleasure in.
celery, peppers, and garlic. Saute 5-8 minutes. Add broth and spices; reduce
Enough pettiness. This holy well is unbelievably scenic. Sheep all over the hills surrounding it. The tour busses in Sligo drop their passengers off at another, way, way less impressive holy well that is all built up with Stations of the Cross and benches and video cameras hidden in the trees to catch petty thieves. St. Patrick's holy well in Dromard has been there long, long before he turned up in Ireland. I am sure this well has heard everything by now. Petty things and tragic things.
Stock up on both handcrafted and manufactured goods at the grand opening of the Sacramento Craft and Flea Outdoor Marketplace. The event is presented by the Sacramento Antique Faire that's held every second Sunday of the month. The craft and flea market will be held every fourth Sunday of the month.
“We have destroyed and killed them and the last statistics affirm that 1,200 soldiers of the enemy were killed. We have also confiscated great amounts of military equipment, trucks, weapons and ammunition,” he told reporters.
15 Dark Globe 2:57 July 27, 1969 Choral Version - Malcolm Jones 1987 Clean Mix
EPA Administrator Armendariz took on Texas’ Range Resources with an emergency order issued by EPA Region 6 which it justified by making unfounded claims that because of fracking “houses could explode.” Interviews with the EPA warned repeatedly of the “danger of fires and explosions.” That case was another legal embarrassment for the EPA.
7The children of Merari by their families were given twelve towns from the tribes of Reuben and Gad and Zebulun.
For nil in houses that, like Advent calendars,
I'm a believer that God's timing can be the make it or break it part of the story. He has His own timing, that I for one, always have trouble with. Call me stubborn, thick headed...whatever...I usually cannot see that His timing is "perfect" until it's in my rear view mirror. Good grief, I've been struggling with my weight for the last 10 years; ever since those pesky heart attacks. Up and down, happy and encouraged; then defeated by medication and a box of Russell Stover chocolates. I'm sure God became a little annoyed at my daily prayer of "please help me lose this weight".
John and Louisa Hedrick remembered the United Bretheren Church when Phiomath College, near Corvallis, was founded in 1865. They had little money, but their gift of $400 was quite substantial for those days. Their eldest daughter, Aurilla, later attended Philomath, and became
I feel like I shouldn’t, but I know what feels right
And that makes me very happy!
I have started reading the Niruktha, 3 sets of synonyms a day and started making notes in my blog http://satyaveda.wordpress.com. Everyone says that Vedic Sanskrit is different from Classical Sanskrit, and initially I felt the same. Then I started to think that it is not really all that different. Many nouns, verbs, declinations and conjugations etc are the same. Plus all Indian languages use Sanskrit noun and verb roots heavily with their own accents, declination and conjugation.
Yup, if it's got paws or claws, feathers or fur we want to see your critter creation.
I’m not a fan of pregnant pictures (of myself) because I seem to gain my weight in my belly and my face. But, my mom insists we have to document this because in her words, I’m “making history” by being the first to have twins in our family. Alright. I know they’ll enjoy these years later.
(Yet another point to ponder: would a huge influx of tourists to the Southern Hemisphere at New Year’s unbalance the world? Is that the secret of the Mayan Calendar?)
I'm sittin' in the railway station, got a ticket for my destination
Indefinitely.
Mr. Hinkle initiated the action by writing an e-mail to Mr. Gibson that went along the lines of "Cannot be a long time sugar daddy, but can for tonight. Would you be interested in keeping me company for a while tonight?" The ever generous Mr. Hinkle offered Mr. Gibson 80 dollars for "services rendered", plus an extra 50 to 60 bucks "for a really good time."
Liv Ullmann, Cicely Tyson and Diana Ross were first time nominees. This was the 2nd nomination for Liza Minnelli (her first one came for 1969’s The Sterile Cuckoo) and the 3rd for Maggie Smith (she had won Best Actress for her performance in 1969’s The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie and she had previously been nominated in Supporting for Othello).
3. may be a super model
193How the dear object from the crime remove,
All in my training group are preparing for the final group workout and Finale party on the 19th of May. Hard to believe it is so close, and yet, I don't want to consider it the 'end' of my journey. I will not be participating in Round 2, but the lessons I have learnt, how far I have come physically and mentally will NOT be undone.
One wonders if our Harvey lives in a cave, in a tree, on a deserted island? I’m happy to introduce myself, so that Harvey can meet an actual living North American homosexual in my native habitat. I would be able to laugh this off, save that she has a significant following with her organization of hate. I feel sorry for those that live in Columbus, Ohio and for the state in which I was born, for Mission America and John Bohener have permanently marred the state–that’s just a dirt that won’t come clean! Judging from her makeup and hair style, I will admit she probably does not know any gay folk because we would not allow her in public with that hair. Hmm, Michele Bachmann’s hair has been looking good lately, so I wonder who does her hair? Perhaps her husband, Marcus?
Jimmy has found two girls in overcoats and flat caps. He claims they're called Bill and Ben. One of them switches between broadly beaming and grimacing vaguely menacingly. In his mind this all makes perfect sense. Those who are playing along with the script at home will spot this isn't Leo Sayer or Mike Nesmith, it seems they assumed this would be number one by now and when it wasn't chose to throw this straightforward singing with occasional overlaid shots from side angles video in here instead.
Accessories: Tiny Mosaic Embossing Folder, Crystal Clear Emboss Powder, Lace, Fleurettes II, Clear Rhinestone Brad and Dimensionals
For the topping; toss together bread and butter until butter is absorbed. Sprinkle topping over mixture in baking dish.
Hedegaard M, Henriksen TB, Secher NJ, Hatch MC, Sabroe S. Do stressful life events effect duration of gestation and risk of preterm delivery? Epidemiology 1996; 7: 339-345.
Maine often for friends and shopping, thru the year we whirled.
Hi cuties!
The lens - the lens she uses goes down to 2.8. The camera opens up at a lower f-stop and lets in the most light possible. Some of them are also one good photo and 50 bad ones. She also shoots at a high ISO - start at the lowest ISO and keep bumping it up during the day as you need it. At night, you're at 1600 or 3200. The ISO changes with the light you're dealing with, and adjust everything else to accommodate that. That said, you will start to get grain in the photograph when it's low light. Anything 1600 or above will start to show grain. She sometimes also will edit afterwards to hide some of that and add the color saturation.
Steven Bohr continued his sermon in Part 2 of his sermon went to Bible verses that showedthere were three members of the Godhead.
Today I’m facing down the 7 mile run, and I’m a little concerned. 7 miles is basically my mental block. 6 miles, well that’s not so bad, but 7 miles?
Abuela: “Jack, maybe we could go to The Emperor’s Wok.”
83 years old
She also had Mom have me walk across the floor. The vet was very encouraged by my walk. She said it wasn’t looking like I was so much walking on my haunches anymore but was really trying to use my legs. Mom told her that I’ve been trying to jump much more, and actively getting off the ground from time to time. I’ve jumped up into the tube in my cat perch, and have tried jumping up on the couch and onto the bed. Almost made it onto the couch last night! And, this is what I did just about an hour ago:
LOVE the colors...
Sara is volunteering in Avsallar to help Manuela for the next two weeks. Thank you Sara!
On the other hand, because it was a page-turner that sucked me in, I read one scary book, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, until far into the night, because even though the subject matter wasn't something I want to think about at night, I just couldn't put the book down. So there are definitely those books that transcend day and night, because you just keep reading them, through night and day and night again.
Globe, cast metal figure, ball
Is it self-seeking to want a loving and devoted husband who thinks you’re the greatest thing since the iPhone? Definitely not. While other men may complain about their wives, it gives a man a sense of pride to know his wife is different. She’s unique--she understands him when no one else does; she looks up to him as her protector and the one who provides; her admirable character is one he can trust.
The average American consumes more than his or her weight in products each day, many US two year-olds can recognise the McDonald’s “Golden Archers” sign, although they cannot read the letter, and an average western family spends more on their pet than by someone trying to live in Bangladesh.
This book drives home the fact that really, it is the little things in life that can make a big difference. Although I enjoyed this whole book immensely, the part that really struck a chord with me was when she talked about True Rules, which she calls “an idiosyncratic collection of principles…for making decisions and setting priorities.” It turns out that I have my own list of True Rules, although I’ve never heard them called by that name before, and I’m sure if you thought about it, you could come up with your own list. So, in the spirit of reading the book and wanting to make small but significant changes in my life, here’s my list:
It can be helpful first to acknowledge that it is not “unfeeling matter” but a living being that has given us life. And then we can sense its suffering: the physical suffering we see in the dying species and polluted waters, the deeper suffering of our collective disregard for its sacred nature. Would we like to be treated just as a physical object to be used and abused? Would we like our sacred nature, our soul, to be denied?
Luke 15:20 “So he got up and went to his father. But while he was still a long way off, his father saw him and was filled with compassion for him; he ran to his son, threw his arms around him and kissed him.”
French told me a story the other day; a good odd story.
A really nice roasted malt and burnt rubber aroma. (I sometimes find burnt rubber in my stouts, and people say it sounds really unappetising.. but that's how it smells, and I'm not trying to put it across as a bad thing.) The flavour is rich and creamy. Big on the burnt malt roasted bitterness but light in the finish, which is really good as it doesn't feel like it's filling you up - a problem I'm finding recently drinking pints of stout.
Then it happens.
I’ve gone on-and-on enough, already so just a little gem this week courtesy of @elana, @rozanna_banana and @theelfyone who came up with a knitters’ blessing on Twitter during the week.
Though the ending wasn’t good at all…
While we have yet to test the antenna on the iPhone 4, the problems Apple experienced at the launch suggest that the new external antennas are at best equal to the antennas of earlier iPhones and in some cases (i.e. when your hand bridges the two antennas) they are worse. Fortunately, there are indications that Apple is taking antenna design more seriously now. But for Apple, this was a short-term problem. As “Antenna-gate” fades into history, users have gone back to blaming the network for poor phone performance rather than the phone. This is a positive for Apple, but a negative for wireless providers around the world.
Onto Scottsdale, Arizona where I have tons of new family because my wife is from Tucson. So is Ben, but despite being in Arizona, it never came up. I like California too Ben, but repping Zona is a good idea. There are saguaros there and those are pretty awesome. Every year they fall and kill people posing for pictures and based on Twitter, seems like most of America hoped Swimsuit Issues would pose for a picture under an unstable Saguaro.
The immediate past Director-General of the Ghana Health Service and presidential aspirant of the Convention People’s Party (CPP), Professor Agyeman Badu-Akosa has described the claim by politicians that declaring their assets would help curb corruption as a total hoax as far as it is not made public.
An interesting example of how stories are distorted in the telling, and how 'news' is created. Yesterday, at my place of work, there was a power cut. It happened around lunch time. I went out of my office to see if it was just my room, or more general. It was quickly apparent that the whole campus had lost electricity. Soon, a helicopter, a fire engine and two ambulances arrived. People on the corridor were immediately speculating as to what had caused the problem. In the space of three minutes I heard that construction workers on site had cut through cables, that there had been an explosion in a lab, and that there had been an explosion elsewhere, that the helicopter was there to take someone seriously injured to hospital. The local press reported it as a major incident.What had actually happened, it transpired, was that a power cut in the area had caused a distribution board to short-circuit, making a loud bang. Maybe whoever called 999 had been a little over-dramatic in describing the event. I imagine that person is a bit embarrassed.
Constantine (Gus) Economos, 41, New York, N.Y.
I dropped him at his lesson. And then Mr5 sat quietly in the car while I rang the person to whom that email had gone. So that I could apologise in person, and explain how I never do that, and ... grovel really. She laughed. She told me that I was lucky that it had gone to someone who was not going to worry about it. I agreed that I was lucky. She explained her position, addressing my smart-arse remark. I agree that she was right. Because she was right, and I was just being a smart-arse to the friend to whom I had been intending to send that email.
By the by, this is my first post using a fancy new laptop computer we picked up a few months back. (Did I mention the 2012 Mustang that's now parked at Beer Rang HQ? Yeah, we've lost our minds here. I find I'm drinking less and driving more these days, but it's grand.)
You are my friends if you do what I command you.
We managed to work around the situation's constraints fairly effectively. My roommate, Michael, went and registered in my name. No one asked him to confirm his identity, so that went fine. I avoided activities that required a student ID. I made sure to do all my word processing and printing at home. Luckily, none of my professors asked questions. A test in the testing center was coming around the end of the first month, though, and I couldn't think of any way around that.
Voide imeytyy suht nopeasti ja jättää solariumin jälkeen ihon pehmeäksi ja makeantuoksuiseksi ♡
I love how this silver leather patchwork bodysuit plays with the shape of the body, and was paired up with the crystal constallation headdress by Stephen Jones and pink feather coat with the American Flag. The Shoes are Giuseppe Zanotti.
Less than 50 years since the passing of the Voting Rights Act, some have forgotten the importance of MLK Day beyond his “I Have a Dream” speech. He was a man of love, a man of peace. Somehow, it is not politically correct to talk opening about the experiences that shaped us. We’ve stopped having the conversations and open dialogue that serve not to separate us, but rather to continue the bridging of generations and the communities seeking answers and strategies to bring us closer to Dr. King’s dream. The O’Jays said it best, “Get on the Love Train…”. Take some time to dialogue with someone unlike you, learn something new and different. Seek understanding, and in doing so – Everyone love someone.
Ratchet/Clank
Kissing her on the forehead, Darcy released her to embrace his father for just a moment and then they were gone. He found the cafeteria and returned with a soda in a foam cup. Since there wasn’t much to do, he rested his forehead in his hands and dozed.
He taught me so many things throughout the years, but the last thing he taught me—and Anna knows this, and those of those who were there know this, and those of you at Body Choir may have heard me say this—but he really taught me, as he left this world, he taught me how to dance out of this world, because that was what he was doing, so still and so quiet and so gently and beautifully, and I’ll always treasure that moment, because, as he left, his spirit filled us all and it’s with us today.
1 1/2 C powdered sugar
The list could go on and on :)
Augusta Brewing Company (5521 Water Street, Augusta) Located in the heart of the Missouri wine country, Augusta is putting out some stellar beers. Their Hyde Park Stout recently won gold at the 2010 Great American Beer Festival. It’s a lovely trip and Augusta has some lovely bed and breakfast spots.
Mr A says there is something he can get to spray the garden to get rid of them, but he is so busy at the moment that I'm not sure when he will be able to get home.
Torn off unused - nor wretchedly because
8. Make a den! I remember doing this as a kid with my brother, taking all the pillows of the sofa, hanging a sheet over 2 chairs, and hiding in there all day with toys and games. Monster loves it, she has a pop up tent though but still enjoys filling it with pillows books and a snack and can hide in there for quite a while!
An old design i had planned for MOGC. This template allows full stretch of the orange header part to fit any browser size, hint the “stretch”. There is only one region on this template you can edit after you add your links in, it is designed this way so that it allows lower skilled people to use and make this template work easier.
Do one nail at a time. If you don't use the magnet immediately it won't work.
Generated water,
Here I go! I've been flying tandems for a couple of years now, and last summer I was lucky enough to work full-time at a paragliding school and flew over 150 tandems for them. Since my certification I have also worked for myself and wondered where exactly my tandem and instructor licenses would take me. Teaching students from scratch hasn't been my first focus, although I do love teaching the basics at ground school (ground handling, etc). It's also quite an expensive option, as the instructor needs training gear (school gliders, harnesses, helmets, etc) and besides, my friends have a good school already with all the facilities.
That may have involved tigers.
1. Busy day. I had a 3:50am wake up this morning. Took my brother to the airport. It was great having the whole family together this weekend. It was not great getting up that early.
Sex Addicts Anonymous Helpline:
Heading in a westerly direction back from Hammersmith you pass the barges laid up before the Dove Inn, just passed the alley on the right hand side is the William Morris Museum which I still haven’t been in and onwards past the majestic houses that line the river on the way to the Fuller’s Brewery. Our walk ended up in Chiswick House the most fantastic Palladian villa built in 1729 and set in 65 acres, there we rested for tea before heading back via the allotments and over Barnes Bridge.
Before I leave you today, I want to remind you that CropStop is having an extra challenge this month in March being the National Craft Month!!! If you create a shape card in honor of this celebration….click HERE for more details.
Former governor of Alaska and the mother of Bristol Palin has joined the Fox ‘News’ Channel as a commentator, reports said.
In some cultures it is not wrong to lie if you are saving face. We have already seen that lying in all forms is of the devil and sin. In other cultures stealing is not wrong if you really need it. If God says, “Thou shalt not steal” He means just that.
Kazarian said when they formed Fortune, they made a pact to stick together, and has done more than anyone else at building this company. Collectively they strive for greatness, and individually they achieve their goals too. Through blood, sweat, and tears, Bobby accomplished his. He is proud to call him his brother and friend.
Over the course of 10 years (1996-2006), there were 789 cases of AF that developed (found through doctor follow-ups, hospital discharge reports, and ECG readings).
At our last voting opportunity - for AV - my natural democratic instincts strongly supported, however flawed, a move to a slightly more democratic system - and was surprised, not just that the vote went for the status quo, but that the Labour party was so ambivalent about the issue. If Cameron/Clegg abolish an unelected House of Lords I'll be shaking my head with amazement that this wasn't possible in a decade or more of New Labour. Yet, there are few policies where I see eye-to-eye with either of those Arrogant Posh Boys, ahead of the younger Milliband.
Normally I come up with resolutions that last oh… a week or so and then go back to my old ways. (By the way, what’s so wrong with the old way of doing things?) But not this year. This year, I wrote my very first blog on January 1st and went on to write 22 more blog over the next 365 days. I surprised myself with my continued attention to this blog and the enjoyment I got from each writing session. It is incredibly liberating to just share stories from my life with whoever wants to listen. It’s been surprising to watch how many people view my stories, comment on them, and then… then… find out that people actually subscribed to my blog! (OK, so it’s like 6, but that’s REALLY exciting to me!)
You are unique and valuable.
In her classic book, Words that Hurt, Words that Heal, Carole Mayhall says: "I am convinced that daily, perhaps hourly, we need to ask God to help us bite our tongue before voicing careless remarks that can hurt, even devastate. We need to ask him to help us think before we speak."
and living in your last straw: one man
I have a feeling there won't be much cooking again next week, but I will still plan, just in case.
Emma is actually doing fairly well at this point. She is crying and upset, but she is cooperating and keeping her cool. The ice pop seemed to help with the pain. As gross as it sounds, she was swallowing most of the blood, so there wasn't as much to see. Seeing the blood is what made her the most upset.
Nor did you need to know about that petty little leftist would-be assassin.
The automotive industry is emerging as one of the biggest spenders when it comes to digital and brands are trying hard to gain attention & engage potential customers. Following brands have recently spent huge amounts to involve people at a large scale with some serious creative work. Looks like the large scale installations have improved from the first time we saw just brands controlling the projections, however now, they have become much more interactive and have people engaging with it using iPhone apps or installations at the venue.
While the large sculptures were compelling, they were really just too huge and not practical to even consider purchasing. We were actually more attracted to the jewelry pieces, such as pendants and earrings.
Nov. 11: Hershey Theater, Hershey, PA
I always carry my knitting bag along with me, making sure that the knit I am traveling with is appropriate to the trip. This past weekend we drove 3 hours to help my daughter and son-in-law move into their new apartment and to attend a wedding. Last week I printed this pattern. It was the perfect car project. It took me almost the exact length of the drive to make it (at a very nonchalant pace)! We were staying with friends and when I arrived, Sue put the vest on her antique bear and now, that's where it lives...
I love Khloe and Lamar for a handful of reasons:
And why do you think he has spent MILLIONS of dollars sealing ALL records???Please open your eyes and wake up America? Or do you really want a communist muslim destroying your country?"
Thank you Mom for showing us that there are times to ask for help.
it's snowing
101 Marden Hill Come On (Ashley Beedle Mix)
Conference:
“I just kind of realized — I mean just a eureka moment, not an epiphany, a eureka moment — I’m an atheist,” she says. “I don’t believe. And in the moment that I uttered that word, I stumbled and choked on that word — atheist.”
He’s the hottie! And he’s apparently Heathcliff’s child via strangers…weird. And Heathcliff will ruin him too, just ’cause.
Sitting outside
Have a FABULOUS day and a Blessed week :-)
We all had a grand time. But for some reason, I ended up holding court in my own little plush patent leather booth in the back, like Tallulah Bankhead, and people kept buying me Kir Royals (or else they kept magically appearing in front of me), but in either case, I kept drinking them. Must have been the blond hair, or the fake leopard fur coat, or both. People patted my hair and my coat.
Now is your chance to own one of Bill’s Sacred Heart works. Austin television station KEYE is giving away a limited edition giclee print that sells for $1200. Go to www.weareaustin.com from March 19 to March 23 at noon. KEYE will announce the winner on the 4 pm news during the live broadcast at Art @ the Domain. Don’t miss this opportunity to own one of these incredible works.
The entire elementary school staff — including teachers, the principal, teaching assistants and cafeteria workers — was removed over two pupil free days in early February after two teachers Mark Berndt and Martin Springer were arrested, in two separate cases, for lewd acts upon children.
Elizabeth tightened her grip on the reins. As if they weren’t late enough already! She had to get to the Tower, they didn’t even know if Will had reached London alive. All innkeepers had looked blank when she described him, although she saw two of them watching her afterwards with an expression of pity.
There are times now when I still get angry about it.
Great Divide Espresso Oak Aged Yeti Imperial Stout 9.5%
~~the things I've done in the past--the Journal Shawls, the Journal Skirts--things that worked and things that didn't quite work and things I dreamed but didn't know how to execute.
I misunderstood my son. He didn't have to sing a song from the movie. He just had to wear a costume and/or bring in a prop and talk about the musical from the chosen character's point of view, using that character's mannerisms, and speech patterns. Whew. He did his presentation today and didn't vomit or pass out. Life is good!
Granted Deakins has the budget to rent those 18K HMIs and any dolly he wants on his features. But he’s also not beneath using “cotton bed sheets” and 4 X 4 bounce boards. (Note: When I’m on location shooting interviews with a limited (or no) lighting package I like to go to an art store and pick-up two pieces of white foam core to have with me. Home Depot/Lowes works as well with those large 4X8 boards in the insulation area. (I forget what it’s called but it is white on one side and silver on the other. Just ask them to cut the board in half.) Keep in mind that Deakins spent many years shooting documentaries where he just had to make do with little or no lighting.
She said, “If you are living in the space of an open heart you have a blessed life . . . There is no life without a spiritual life.” That is standard New Age / prosperity gospel messaging. She didn’t have one mention of the cross, sin, repentance, etc.
I thought the music CD would be soft and lullaby-ish but it was actually playful and fun. The last 2 songs were calmer but it was fun to listen either way! You can listen to the samples of songs of the Shushybye CD on their homepage.
I opened up the card:
As no-one had stormed out or demanded monies back by this stage we blazed on into the third course of Steak Diane with green beans and a keg of Mountain Goat Hightail Ale. Again, a big flavoured English style Amber Ale described by its creator, Dave Bonighton, as a ‘crazy mongrel’ for its American hop bang is not something many of the crowd would naturally seek out but the third empty keg of the night justified my decision to introduce them to Goat Beer.
Harry is responding to the new cancer drug and feels much better but the brain disorder, Normal Pressure Hydrocephalus, is affecting his memory, moods and often walking, making things hard for him and everyone else. He has recently had to give up driving and we managed to sell the car over the weekend to some friends.
(I DIDN USE THIS THOUGH I DID HAVE PRESERVE COZ THIS WAS SO GOOD THAT DIDN FEEL THE NEED TO ADD ANYTHING.......
6.possession
She arises, alive, whole, and once again free,
There has been no greater loneliness than that borne by the Lord Jesus Christ, for He was bearing the sin of the world. The divine Father could not look upon such sin as Christ bore it for you and me.
Do you judge uprightly, you sons of men?
7) WHO DO YOU MISS?
I’ve also received this blog award twice!
must use a High Hope image on your
Excited now, we moved on to yank out the same carpet in our bedroom, which is a mirror image of the living room, sharing one wall.
Two thirds of this delta falls in Bangladesh, with the remaining part in India. The Ganges, before joining the Bay of Bengal, meanders in this region and has thus given birth to this huge habitat. But all these information and much more is available on the internet. It is always just a click of button away. What I want to share is the beauty of this heritage site as I have seen it.
· $1,495 on cable television.
He believed, as did the greatest part of the political elite that emerged in Skopje after the fall of Yugoslavia and during the formation of the “Republic of Macedonia”, that it is not possible to remove from the people its Slav characteristics and this is precisely the reason why the propaganda mechanisms of today’s authorities have given themselves these last years to an operation of his deposition, aimed especially at the younger generation that does not know, skilfully cultivating his profile as being almost a traitor to the nation!
Next week I will continue my research in Da Lat, which supposedly is a beautiful area. I’m already picturing myself riding from one meeting to the next. I’ve uploaded some pictures of English club, Vietnamese scenery, the university campus, my weekend-office and a visit to a potato project (click to enlarge).
-Add chicken stock and salt to taste.
Equally telling players that this is ‘the chance of a lifetime‘ is utterly ludicrous. The Olympics mean nothing in footballing terms; TeamGB even less. Unless of course, Pearce is advocating the dissolution of the Home FAs to be replaced by Team GB on the world stage which marks a betrayal of his employers that would make a Shakespearian villain blanche.
Prayer, true prayer that reaches the heart of God, must come from the depths of a pure and sincere heart – a heart that resonates with the Love and Compassion that is in the Father’s Heart, The closer our prayer is to the desires of the Father’s heart the closer that prayer is to being answered. And, because, our access to the heart of God is through His Spirit that is in us, it is, when we pray in the spirit, that is, out of the depths of our heart, the sanctuary of His Spirit, that our innermost desires become one with His and our prayer is, de facto, “according to His Will”. Of course, if you are NOT “in Christ” you have no access to the throne of God or His sanctuary and need to get in Christ as quickly as possible, through confession, repentance, and conversion ( see Related Links).
What was my April fools joke?
The sad thing though, is seeing the comments that say,
I’ll squeeze that sponge
BTW1 - On the cassette cover, I'm pretty sure I can spot an extra fret bar on his guitar (at the far right of the photo), which lets him hit the quarter-tone pitches when he needs them.
When B was about a year old I came on a yard sale ending for the day giving away a wooden kitchen. It was pretty sad and had been used outside in a sandbox.
There was a trial run of the competition on Tuesday with Bexhill High school students. The students, aged 12, were asked to build a cardboard chair that would hold the weight of a Brighton University final year product design student, Sam. Two teams successfully designed and built cardboard chairs to fit this criteria and their teacher decided that the designs were so good that they were both named as joint winners. A lovely, fun day was had by all!
“There is no one holy like the LORD; there is no one besides you; there is no Rock like our God. 1 Samuel 2:2
So go ahead, dismiss OWS. Dismiss their views. Thousands of people are peacefully expressing their anxiety about their financial situation. Thousands of people are willing to articulate in reasonable, polite terms what they think is going wrong and what should be done about it, even if the news media isn't interested in listening. Go ahead and ignore them, roust them out of the parks with clubs and tear gas, then cut their wages, slash social programs, demand austerity from everyone but the 1%. Make the economy scream in the name of protecting profit and privilege. Just don't get all pissy when the inevitable happens and articulate rage turns inarticulate.
This video supports what I was saying the other day in my post about self esteem. We don't love people because they are flawless; we love them because of who they are. As I've gotten older, I've gotten tired of always feeling self conscious about certain parts of my body and have been working hard on not obsessing over these parts. The interesting thing is that most of the time when you tell someone you're close with about the part of your body you're self conscious about, they are surprised. We're so much harsher on ourselves than other people are of us! We're not our nose. Or our butt. Or our hair. Or our mouth. Or our acne. Or our feet. We're much more than those parts.
When she called my number and heard the outgoing voice message that says it’s a production company, she assumed that it was a porn site.
I made a little `Tea Caddy' to go along with the card and used some of the fun sentiments as Tags for the tea bags! That's Tazo tea from Starbucks BTW...Calm and Refresh...both are absolutely DELICIOUS and so pretty to look at!!!
Frequent bouts of constipation and/or diarrhea can be a warning sign/symptom of a number of conditions, such as IBS (Irritable Bowel Syndrome) and Celiac Disease. If diarrhea lasts for more than a week, it can cause an electrolyte imbalance due to all the potassium and sodium loss. If not treated properly, that imbalance can lead to death. Listen to your poop and see your general practitioner if any of the above is the case.
It's time for a giveaway! Are you excited???
One of the most difficult parts of being injured for me is feeling lazy. As someone who prides herself in being strong, it is such a challenge to acknowledge the fact that I am not strong right now, and that is not because I am lazy. It’s actually because I injured myself being anything but lazy. Modification is not laziness. When I drop to a lower weight in a strength training class it is not because I am lazy, it is because I have to. When I modify a pose in yoga it is not because I am lazy, it is because I have to. Constantly I have to remind myself that it is not laziness, laziness would be sitting on my couch sulking about my arm. Modifying is necessary for me to continue doing some of the things I love. I’m trying to kick the lazy stigma in the butt (and also punch it with my working left arm). Doing something to the best of your ability is never laziness.
and vegetable print vest.
PxC bids all over Spain
“Collective government” is a very important phrase to comprehend.
Arms: HED-LOCK
and I fell out of bed,
Mentioning Moleskine has reminded me that we have some new arrivals in the garden, the new batch of moorhen chicks and a mole who has started throwing up some molehills under the shrubbery. Molehills are good for collecting and using to grow seedlings in.
Your devoted fan,
In the face of this false choice between Polly being too girly and not being girly enough, I have come to two conclusions. The first is that the best thing we can do right now for Polly is to create within our household small interventions in the dominant patterns of the world beyond. My hope is that through these interventions she will eventually become aware that the inequalities of power between women and men in our society are not natural and unalterable properties and that this awareness will allow her to negotiate the inequalities she encounters with some sense of ironic separation between herself and her cultural position as a woman. As such, I don’t want to, for example, regularize the doctor = male, nurse = female equation in Pip and Polly’s role playing. This equation reproduces a relationship in which the highly paid man holds final decision-making power and the lesser paid woman is responsible for following his directions. I’d rather have them enact the other possible combinations: Pip and Polly as doctors, Pip as nurse and Polly as doctor, Pip and Polly as nurses. She will see plenty of the first combination during her real visits to the doctor.
Is there anything you won’t give up for the sake of faithful witness to Jesus? Air conditioning? Running water? Respect? A savings account and 401K?
Lee Sander, Executive Director, MTA
But that’s not enough proof. So let me begin a short list of my nerd qualifications (I will be preparing a nerd resume eventually, but, to date, I don’t have that ready).
I ate 7 of them and I regret...
Here is Magali - the two of us got a 6am plane on the day to be in Naples on time for the event! what you don't do for cigars! :)
It’s not a huge change, but the new color on the wall definitely updates it and makes the space look a lot less cold. The old color was a very faint gray in a super cheap flat paint. The new color on the walls is Behr’s Graceful Gray and the print on the wall is from an Etsy shop called Papermoth.
Next week, however, we're going to make our first attempt at homemade ham, and will possibly have that ham for our Easter dinner. I'll let you know.
In the middle, the beautiful, peaked, luscious results of the recipe in the most recent edition of Mastering the Art of French Cooking by Julia Child, Louisette Bertholle and Simone Beck. I doubt the original edition recommends using a food processor over a blender (which I followed because my blender gave up, possibly a casualty of the current Mercury retrograde), but there’s no way I’d hand-whip this recipe. It combines an egg and two yolks with two cups of oil, added at such a slow trickle that my hand hurt from pouring and the food processor squealing its own objections. The first cup alone took longer than 15 minutes; the total blending came in at closer to 35-40. But oh the taste and texture. When time allows, this is the recipe I will invoke.
‘A wonderful novel with intrigue, love, mystery and tender, audacious and clean-cut characters’ Mario Vargas Llosa
This is it. This is how I can live in this world of sorrow and suffering and tragedy. This is how I can wake up each morning no matter what and have hope. This is where I draw my energy from when it is leaking out.
I’ve wondered about these very questions myself FOR YEARS.
Once my friend Rena, her mom, and her sister were all in town, I suggested Dairy Queen. Luckily, they all agreed! I saw Kathleen’s Butterfinger Blizzard sometime last week and it stayed with me. It was the perfect birthday treat.
I saw the best minds of my generation, but I sure
It took a lot of effort, but I managed to do all six workouts on the appropriate days for the first week. Including yesterday, when I spent an hour doing Kenpo X at about 8pm last night. With the exception of missing one ab ripper workout.
4. Please, Call Me (5:26)
The lack of sunshine kept the butterflies quiet and flowers closed, but the outing refueled the creative drive and we had fun practicing our camera skills, trying a variety of settings, looking for a splendid composition, and enjoying being out and about.
In the 1930s he joined the Victor Young orchestra and thereby got many offers to appear on radio shows, including Al Jolson’s Lifebuoy Program, Burns and Allen, and Bing Crosby’s Kraft Music Hall.
Look at what St. Francis of Assisi says about the Eucharist: ““O admirable heights and sublime lowliness! O sublime humility! O humble sublimity! That the Lord of the universe, God and the Son of God, so humbles Himself that for our salvation He hides Himself under the little form of bread! Look, brothers, at the humility of God and pour out your hearts before Him! Humble yourselves, as well, that you may be exalted by Him.”
Watch the sunrise from a tropic isle
The prospective student went into the interview room to find a seated man looking at notes on a desk. Without looking up, the man said to you: “Sit down, please.”
Some people spend their whole lives looking for the right partner. Nate Schaper found his in high school. In the eight months since their cautious flirting became a real, honest, tell-the-parents relationship, Nate and Adam have been inseparable. Even when local kids take their homophobia to brutal levels, Nate is undaunted. He and Adam are rock solid. Two parts of a whole. Yin and yang.
While we were beach combing, Steve went snorkeling with Stevie and Bobby. They weren't sure how long they would stay in the water because it was a bit rough. I don't think it had been 15 minutes when Bobby came running towards us yelling. I thought for sure someone was hurt and started heading in his direction. Then I saw he had something in his hand...a big something. I also noticed the big grin on his face. He had found a conch shell which put our perfect shells to shame.
It just so happens that a couple of people reached out to me and to my husband recently. One is a cousin of mine, the other an adult nephew by marriage. We don't get to see either person often at all, but they sent us notes and photos, and let us know that despite the distance and infrequent contact, they care.
We are as dumb as animals.
Take Risks: Obviously one of the best ways to get out of your comfort zone it to do something drastic. The most difficult and scary things I've done have always been the most rewarding, i.e. quitting my job and moving overseas, becoming a foster parent. These experiences shape who I am, make me more socially aware and force me into relationships with new people. I'm more open minded and willing to get behind a cause and support others because of the people who believed in and supported me when I was the one with the cause.
Chief among its concern, are four changes the to Act, which Bersih says will inevitably make the voting process less transparent.
The passport most certainly does not answer questions, in fact it presents us with even more.
"No," replied the scorpion, "else then we both would die."
Now that we're here,
I got 2" wide drapery rings with clips at Target on clearance for 6.00 each (7 rings per pack). The total for the rings was 72.00.
The presenter gave us a lot of information on why S.T.E.M. is important in this day and age, but unfortunately didn’t give us a lot of practical ideas for Kindergarten S.T.E.M. units. She demonstrated just two of them. The first one was to have the children build a “Nut Sorter” by giving them a bunch of common materials and no directions at all, and just let them go. The participants were divided into groups of four and were given 15 minutes to build one out of a couple of paper plates, masking tape, wax paper, paper bags, tongue depressor sticks and index cards. First of all, I was surprised at the lack of sensitivity to nut allergies in this day and age. Also, let me just say that we did NOT find it easy to make a “Nut Sorter!” Therefore, I was wondering how this would go for many of my overly “helpless” kindergartners, whom I could easily picture sitting there doing nothing or insisting that I tell them how to make it. The pessimist in me would have liked to have seen some photos of a child made “Nut Sorter” where an adult did not have to intervene to make it happen, just to assure myself that this project could actually work, because I’m still not sure! The other idea that she gave us was to have the children design a candy bar and a wrapper, market it, price it, and sell it to their class mates with fake money. She brought technology into the project by having them “research” chocolate factories on the internet with adult help. It sounded like a lot of fun, but a lot of work. She also said that it was an expensive project because she had to purchase all of the candy making materials herself. If you would like to download Sandi’s handout, click here.
This is so humbling.
Heat a corn tortilla for 12 seconds wrapped in a paper towel. Dip tortilla in tomatillo sauce. Arrange 4-5 thinly sliced red onions and a 2-3 tbsp shredded cheddar and jack cheese in the center of the tortilla in a line. Roll tightly and lay seam side down in a tray lined with tomatillo sauce.
Armed Forces Casualty Assistance Readiness Enhancement System, March 2007. Electronic system for tracking the progress of a casualty through the system. General order of flow: Initial Contact - Initial Visit - Interment - Disposition of Benefits - Disposition of Personal Effects - Disposition of Investigative Reports - Case After Action Report
"This award is for those bloggers who are nice people - good blog friends and those who inspire good feelings and inspiration. Also for those who are a positive influence on our blogging world. Once you've been awarded, please pass it on to 7 others who you feel are deserving of this award.
Steps how to create the card:
Our blank-walled main hallway is now adorned with six LARGE portraits of our beautiful daughters. Every night, when they go to bed, they will pass by a beautiful portrait of themselves adorned with a personal thought written specifically for them.
ISBN: 978-0-8478-5808-8
“Pupils as young as four are acting out “graphic scenes” from games in class and in the playground… there are fears youngsters cannot separate fantasy worlds from reality.”
And thought, as usual, men would say
Written by arabian roses.
Was a busy day, but not really doing much if that makes sense. Drive the the airport was long and boring, there was rain in Melbourne, which meant everyone had suddenly forgotten how to drive. Who knows why, its not like it doesn't rain in Melbourne all the freaking time.
When I was three years old I left my little rubber giraffe here”.
If you didn't see in the last post, Jake and I are finally in Escrow on our house! We should move in my mid to late October! Our home inspection is this Monday at 3 pm. I have a list of everything that the inspector should cover, just to be sure that everything gets checked out. Luckily with the type of loan we are getting, we have to have almost like 2 home inspections. The second one is more of an appraisal, but he'll cover a lot of the same things the first inspector covers. I really can't wait to move in and get Jaxon's room all set up for him. I think this is the perfect first house for us. It's just big enough for us to grow into for many years, but it's not so big that we don't know what to do with it all. It also is move-in ready but has several different projects that Jake and I would like to do to make it more "us". But what matters the most is that it's a great place for Jaxon to grow up. It's safe with some of the best schools in all of California and there is plenty for us to do. I think when he grows up he'll be really happy that we chose this as a place for him to grow up in.
29 Nov – Saartjie Baartman Centre, Athlone
Supplies: clear glue, paint brush, clear plastic lids, hole punch, white, red or green tissue paper, stem with leaves (or use a brown pipe cleaner and green tissue paper cut into a leaf shape), apple seeds (or brown paper cut into seed shapes)
The reason I stand with St, Louis is akin to the reason why I like the Miami Dolphins football team. I loved them because my big brother loved them, and I still have stout feelings for that team despite the fact that they have no Dan Marino anymore and I rarely get their games on TV here in Arizona. Nevertheless, my hatred for the Dallas Cowboys is a legacy of my loyalty to Miami, and it will always persist.
You belong here if … you go to the only school you’ve ever heard of that owns an organ more expensive than two of your homes, maybe more.
Gatherings Magazine posted a question to it's followers last week on it's facebook page. "What is your favourite Christmas colour scheme?" I was not surprised by the answers, there are a few tried and true palettes that work with Christmas whether it be a classic look you're after or a natural one... or even up to the topmost branch in sweets and confections! It's generally the first thing (right around Halloween) that comes into my brain, and typically I don't sway much from the first inspiration.
Thanks to Jim for crewing with me and helping us get the win.
And last night, after she was sent to bed with a hug and a kiss, she went into the bathroom and shoved earrings thru those little closed up holes.
While working with the Brontë Parsonage Museum the garden’s designer, Tracy Foster, said she had discovered that although the Brontës were influenced by the landscape around them, they were not very good domestic gardeners.
While this is where the market found its footing previously in mid-March, it is still a shallow correction within a wider historical context. Usually significant lows are made when the HSNSI falls to negative (meaning a suggested short exposure to the market).
my lips will glorify you.”
Yet as we read that task was CRUCIAL!
I lend my books out to people with a set of rules. True story.
look to them that reminds me of the movies my mates and I where making in the early nineties. Plot was always secondary to the effects. It was all about the effects, the violence, and the cheap gory special effects the entire production circled around. Well, that’s exactly what Olaf Ittenbach’s early movies are all about. Shallow stories primarily designed to showcase his moments of gore and splatter. The Burning Moon has some delightfully classic old school effects, body parts chopped off, dismemberments, headshots, throat slits and human torment effects which still today are impressive. Fuck you CGI, you can never mimic reality as well as enthusiasm, latex and fake blood.
And really, it would be very nice if people started realizing that the school-free community is a vast one, and one that encompasses a wide variety of people who don't send their kids to school for a wide variety of reasons. School free learners are Christians, Pagans, Jews, Atheists, Muslims, Hindus, and any other religion you can think of. They're conservatives, liberals, republicans, anarchists, supporters of the green party, and libertarians. There are a LOT of school-free people out there, and thus you find a lot of variety. Some of them I personally agree with, some not so much. Yes, I think I've probably come across more Christian homeschoolers than anything else, but there are enough home learners who are other than Christian that automatically assuming they are is not really a good idea!
no just some of them
Here is the official announcement about Mariah Carey coming to HSN — news that we broke over the weekend.
1 On the holy mount stands the city he founded;
So...dear friends, have you been to Marrakech or the Atlas Mountains?
Until the colors of the night
They’re all hard in some respect or another, but, overall, Jeweled was probably the hardest book for me to write to date. I can’t really pinpoint a specific reason, but I fought with the characters of that book for the longest time, trying to figure what I was doing wrong, why the story felt forced. It took me much longer than usual to finish that book and I did a fair amount of rewriting. I really think I nailed it in the end, however, and I’m really proud of the work I did.
It's Monday. That's what's on my mind.
Life is a beauty, admire it.
- Camp Spofford (i had a dream about it last night. the chapel had a hotel over it. and I couldn’t find the snack shop!)
I didn’t have a way to process that, I couldn’t wrap my mind around the thought. I called my girlfriend who lived around the corner and asked if I could come over. I stayed there until lunch time when they would release my husband from his ship so he could come home. When I got back home I saw a package had been delivered to our steps. It was addressed to me from Mom.
In large pot heat oil and add onions. Sautee until tender about 4 minutes and add garlic. Sautee for additional minute.
Actually I have two main characters – and they’re both boys. I don’t know how I did it but I literally got inside the head of two sixteen year old boys. It was an out of body experience. Unfortunately, I don’t have any tips because I seriously don’t know how I did it. It just sort of happened – which I know is kind of lame.
Roxy Music- Would You Believe
Deirdra: Who has made the greatest difference for you as a writer?
‘And while Romney complains about Obama’s alleged “politicization” now, he willfully participated in the Bush-Cheney smear campaign on Kerry in 2004′.
Insanity has been described as doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results. But isn’t that what happens when you try to change your mate? It’s frustration at the highest level. At some point you have to accept that it’s not something you can do. But here’s what you can do. You can become a ‘wise farmer’.
I have no idea! I'll look them up..... OK, I'm back. Austin's a Scorpio, Savannah's a Gemini, Jackson's a Leo, Lexington's a Gemini, Clay's a Capricorn, and Brooklyn's an Aquarius.
SLEUTHFEST 2011
McKenna and I made the cutest little treats for her pre-school class this week! Before you start getting all impressed about my creativity and craftiness, I must tell you that the idea and printable came from Dixie Delights. (She has a sweet blog with lots of great elf-on-the-shelf-ideas and her house is BH&G-photo-shoot-ready. It's also totally where I got the idea to put red food coloring in the toilet this morning and put the elf on the back like she forgot to flush. McKenna is going to freak! But I digress...)
When I arrived in Los Angeles to clean out my apartment, I thought I'd go to yoga every day, see a bazillion friends, and sell my furniture lickity split.
I look into
I think I would tell myself not to be so sensitive to what other people think and say. I would be more in touch with myself and my own feelings and self-worth. Listen to criticism, take it at face value and either accept it, use it or reject it.
Smile to the mirror and stroke upward to highlight them. The colour of the blusher use would depends on the look you would wish to have. A sweet pink tone will have a youthful fresh look. A peach orange tone will be for ladies who wish to get a more mature and sophisticated look which suits the executive image.
afterwards we went outside and wanted to check out the local area and accidently found the Montmartre hill and white-domed Basilica of the Sacré Cœur.
250 air time: 9 hours, 50 minutes
A part of me says I should simply accept that summer wasn't so good this year and look forward to autumn, but a part of me still hopes for a few more summer days. And what's life without a little bit of hope...?!
anyone to attempt to deny it him, regardless of what I thought of the
As we sat down to a fine culinary feast of la pizza un les pomme frites, of which I reassured Ophelia that the potatoes used, had not been 'wrenched screaming in abundant pain from the bleak darkness of the fetid undergrowth' but birthed naturally by the fecundity of the soil in which they were lovingly contained, I decided to find out a little bit more about the 'Child Of The Night'... I honestly wished that I hadn't sodding bothered.
The House of Representatives requires that bill be made available online for three calendar days before a vote. In the Senate, rules require that a cloture motion to end debate “ripen” for over a day, and even then 30 hours of debate are required.
On the ride home, I asked the children if they remembered hitting the door by accident. While they said no, I reminded them to be very careful when getting out of the car. Even if they had hit the car, by that point, they probably would have been afraid to admit it. I tried to explain that the man was acting crazy because he was upset. When we are upset, we do not act reasonable. If you want something, you have to talk in a reasonable manner. My younger son brought up the incident throughout the rest of the day; as we were reading together at night, he said once more, “You shouldn’t yell, right daddy? You shouldn’t act crazy.” “Yes, that’s right,” I assured him. “We get angry but yelling does not accomplish anything.” Ironically, yelling makes the words louder but not more clear.
“The last two decades have seen a "… cumulative disinvestment in publicly funded programmes resulting from the withdrawal of the health departments of provincial governments from this sector, the absence of discounts for research tests from the business model for the National Health Laboratory Service, chronic underfunding of the Medical Research Council ... and the lack of funding streams to universities that might in principle have been applied to meet the overall shortfall in support.
Out-bloody-rageous.
No more hats.
What if what you know isn't particularly interesting to most of America? What if what you know consists primarily of lawnmowers, barbecue grilling and cleaning M&M's out of a DVD player? Or driving to work, taking the wife to dinner once a week, and cleaning crayon marks off the bathroom wall? Who the heck is crazy and bored enough to read about that? Okay, maybe my mom, but that ain't gonna get me no flippin' castle.
time is ticking non stop , slip from finger towards 26 July, final day to submit 12-18k words dissertation, after last exam in early Jan, I was totally relax and keep dragging the thing till today with no progress.
“But that’s not the worst part of it,” she said, picking up where she had left off, and trying to swallow the lump in her throat.
It’s your 3 year anniversary and you come home for a wonderful night with your lady- instead you see your clothes packed by the door. You are wondering, what did I do now? She comes out- arms crossed- saying “I’m sick of being your girlfriend, it’s been 3 years today and I’m not doing it anymore!” You -still in shock- wonder what’s wrong with her? Everything is going great between you two, why mess it up with all the complications and the legal stuff?
Of course, you can't forget the documentary photographer of the time, Dorothea Lange! She photographed migrants, many who had come from Oklahoma, and used those photographs to show how badly these people needed help.
smiles and giggles when I asked about him."
By Helga van Staaden
Wow. That black keyhole-backed dress is fantastic. Tight, short, great opaques, nice boots, very attractive beige bra hanging out the back - HOLY CRAP WOMAN, DID NO-ONE TELL YOU THAT'S UNDERWEAR?
I don't entirely agree with you when you say that 'standard' publishers are not really for 'new, older' authors who submit manuscripts. A writer can start writing, and writing well at any age, young or old. J K Rowling is a case in point. And remember, every commercially published author was once a 'new' author.
Omer Arbel - I am excited by the introduction of new technologies which enable us to manipulate materials in entirely new ways.
P.S. I enjoyed Ricky Gervais' performance in "Ghost Town," but found him pretty boring in this one, despite his having given himself a couple of emotional scenes to work in. (He cowrote the screenplay.)
“We are confident there is substantial evidence in the record to support the Commission’s approval of the Certificate,” said Jeff Shepard, company spokesman.
Joseph Leidy had written several articles about the earliest finds of Plesiosaurs in North America, and one of them was the disputed 'Discosaurus' in Alabama, possibly originating from the same beds as 'Zueglodons' (Basilosaurus). He was writing in the 1850s and one of the comparable early finds was from the Greensands of New Jersey, thought to have been of Late Cretaceous age. The specimens in this case were named 'Cimoliasaurus'; however, some of them turned out to be cetacean vertebrae of probably Pliocene age, probably some sort of a dolphin.
One of the first lessons we learned is that constraints can help creativity. I know it’s not very profound by itself, and perhaps what I found to be most fascinating isn’t very profound at all, but I feel it is worth expounding upon.
The basic rationale for the existence of State Enterprises is they can be more effective because they are not bound by the strict rules which control the conventional civil service. The absence of those rules is supposed to allow more latitude in terms of hiring, borrowing and contracting. State Enterprises can hire professional staff at market rates, enter complex commercial arrangements and borrow on commercial terms, all of which should amount to significant improvements in public services.
The Muslim Brotherhood “did not sign the peace accords,” Rashad al-Bayoumi told the London-based newspaper. “We are allowed to ask the people or the elected parliament to express their opinion on the treaty, and (to find out) whether it compromised the people’s freedom and sovereignty.
"The MNfashion holiday boutique is a great place to find one-of-a-kind gifts while supporting the Twin Cities' fashion community," said Maggie Steffen, MNfashion Retail Committee Co-Chair.
The FF Plus would monitor the ANC's application and was considering various strategies to oppose it.
We’ve tried many, many forms… new ones, old ones, and trial therapies. none of them have ever been effective enough to continue based on doctors and therapist reports.
It had a light, subtle carbonation and a slight fizz that complemented very nicely the sweet citrus taste of lemon, grapefruit and more peach. There was even hints of some kiwi and gooseberry. These fruity notes were balanced very well by the breadiness of the malts that continued through to a lingering bitter-ish finish that left your thirst quenched and wanting more than just the one bottle of this lovely beverage.
Now females, here’s the bottom line: Males do things to impress you. Full Stop. End transmission. Done.
Da Story
when we saw that we had about 45 minutes to wait for our train, we decided rather than waiting in the station, we'd sit at a nearby cafe.
Anne Platt and I have been talking recently about the 'feeling' of being cushioned in Gods Love and held up by the Prayers of others. So Thank you God, thank you for that peace that passes all understanding as the Holy Spirit soaks us in HIS balm.
Sent c/o Texas Rangers ST
as he finetuned his guitar before beginning. There was no orchestra, no background singers. No choreographed swanky blocking or men in suits. But there WAS a talented musician, a guitar, and some of the most passionate and powerful vocalizing I’ve had the opportunity to enjoy.
Ah, kids parties. There are some among us who are natural born party planners, who relish the yearly ritual of identifying an original theme, crafting inspiring decorations, decorating a spectacular cake, thinking of fun party games - the new twists on old favourites - all designed to surprise and delight the little birthday boy/girl, and his/her little guests. I am not the party planner type, but I admit that I love the creative process of working with a theme, and I'm a sucker for seeing my kids beam when their friends gather around to sing happy birthday...
I guess I’ll see you in the mirror
But wait, I must do my taxes before I go and have fun. *sigh*
The salient point here is that instead of unpacking my duffle again and rechecking my list, I opted to just expend my energy in something physical. Now I can pop another beer and survey my handiwork in peace, and then eat a burrito, shower, strap my CPAP on and sleep my ass off until tomorrow.
U.S. Department of Energy. (1995). Nuclear reactors built, being built, or planned. Report No. DOE/OSTI-8200, Rev. 58. DOE, Washington D.C.
So, how about a giveaway? Quiltmaker is giving away 1 copy of the magazine to my readers and I am throwing in 2 extra copies. So, just leave me a comment telling me what project you are working on. Simple as that! Good luck!
I think I'm finally ready to be myself, warts and all. The effects of age are harder and harder to camouflage and the effort it takes creates more stress and wrinkles. Life is too short for pretense and posturing. As Annette Bening said in the film, The Women (when assaulted by a department store cosmetic hawker), "This is my face. Deal with it."
Dr. William Rea has written “chemically sensitive patients can — and do — die in hospitals from exposure to chemicals but it is always blamed on organ failure or recurrent infection,” and ME/CFS patient Sophia Mirza died after a serious decline prompted by a hospital stay. Read more>>
I get three of each type of beer with my BOTM package from this club, and I will definitely be giving the other two of these away.
I considered contacting Bonzo for some mercenary assistance, but he specialised in battles, and this was a war. Also, he didn't like coming down past Nottingham because he thought the cops would be on his tail. Literally.
I discovered that the Vélib is the best way to get around Paris. I can't believe how much I abused my feet before.
All of this, sadly, has left our little family kind of lonely. Well maybe not so much lonely as sick of each other and in search of someone else with whom to talk and spend time. We live in a family-friendly neighborhood and, at least based on demographic information and the posts to the local mommy listserv to which I belong, the place is crawling with kids. How to meet them is a different matter. I remember when I first brought home my dog, Oscar, feeling like the neighborhood opened up to me; constant puppy potty breaks tend to reveal all manner of early birds, night owls, bar crawlers, church goers, athletic types, and fellow pet owners. Unfortunately, outside dog-walking, much of the daily pattern of urban family life seems to remain more indoors than out. Sure, I can tell you what time the mom down the street arrives home with her youngest child in tow, but they disappear so quickly into the confines of their rowhouse that I’m left wondering if it was really just a mirage, a figment of my imagination brought on by the desperate need for companionship.
San Diego Jails to House State Inmates: “Very Scary Prospect”
Hi, hope everyone had a fab weekend.
The Sunday Challenge is posted on Saturday at noon CST to allow extra time for the creative process, so please do not link up old work which kind of fits the image. Members will only respond to poetry written specifically for this prompt: this is in the spirit of our Real Toads project to create opportunities for poets to be newly inspired. Management reserves the right to remove unrelated links.
Yep that's the big news. Not much going on bigger than the Biebs coming to town.
A snarl or growl in the shadows
that does twine the Souls mend
Richard was texting and calling every few minutes to let me know what was happening but there was no sign of Paul or Poppy. By this time I was feeling sick with worry. He’d been gone so long and it was dark out. He could be anywhere. Hurt. Abducted. Dead, even. Every possible scenario goes through your mind when you don’t know where your child is, because even though he’s a grown man, he’s still just a child in so very many ways. And not being able to speak would mean that he wouldn’t even be able to ask somebody to tell him the way home.
We don't yet live in a new age of superstition, but there's a sense that something might break. Rather than seeing as the "Occupy" movement or the summer riots as signs of an angered, engaged population, what surprises is how, compared with previous ages, how little is going on. Visiting the Manchester Histories Festival in the Town Hall on Saturday I was amazed by the amount (and the nicheness) of the local history groups present. What would "success" mean to each of them? A new member? Three or four conversations? A book or an artefact sold? Who knows? Looking for something to eat I ended up in the shopping district. A crowd gathered as there was some freestyle kids dancing competition on a packed Market Street. Elsewhere, the Arndale centre was hardly negotiable, so many people were out and about. There is nothing supernatural about consumption - and here we are, trained to do it, continuing to do it, finding a small bit of spiritual release in doing it.
I've also realized while writing the last few posts just how passionate I am about business and making money in this creative field. I'm going to pick a day to write about business and making money with quilting each week.
It could be the first ever episode without a DNA test................... erm, hopefully. Girlfriend try explaining THAT one to anyone other than Maury Povich!!!
Thanks so much to my wonderful customers, friends, and those who support and encourage.
I wish that I had someone tell me that these jumbled most random thoughts were normal.....
I hope you feel confident to click now, and enjoy some other fun (and pretty well known) blogs. Now, back to blog stalking and time wasting.
Well, the other day, I decided to play and try out their website. I have to tell you that this took me awhile, not because the website was hard to maneuver. To the contrary it was very easy to maneuver. It took awhile because they have hundreds - no, make that thousands, of cards for every occasion, every holiday, and just about anything else you might want to send a card for.
The first clue that something was amiss reached me as I worked in my office. A tendril of charring snaked into the room and coiled up my nose. The mom alarm in me spazamed, and I ran from the room to find the billowing burrito. Did you know that if you fricassee one of those they become weightless? Really. And they turn blacker than the heart of a demon. I know, I checked. Don't ask how that is so another post.
There was a weird little cabinet, counter with mirror,
Well, it's time for all you scrapbookers to use up all those old supplies that you've been stockpiling for so long or holding onto for a "good reason." Maybe it was a piece of paper that was just so beautiful you wanted to wallpaper your bedroom with it; or maybe it was an expensive set of Jolee's that you can't stomach getting rid of because you spent hard-earned money on it.
Perhaps the most polarizing character in Miracle Day, though, is Jilly Kitzinger (Lauren Ambrose), who, like Oswald, is another surrogate villain, although I wonder if people realize she’s supposed to be this crazy bitch in heels? I mean, you do get that the idea here was to create a camp, over the top villainess, right? Jilly’s a publicist who finds herself thrust in the middle of the miracle madness, and with every step she takes, she finds herself enmeshed deeper in the conspiracy, until finally, at the end, she’s at the very center of it all. I’ve been a fan of Ambrose since her days on Six Feet Under, so I was perhaps predisposed to appreciating her work here, although Claire Fisher Jilly is most certainly not. However, she attacks this role with the same kind of ferocity as she did Claire for five seasons. Unlike Children of Earth, Miracle Day doesn’t end with a complete sense of closure. Although its storyline is tied up nicely, its characters are left dangling, and Jilly is one of them. I don’t pray, but if I did, I’d pray for more Torchwood and more Jilly Kitzinger, because I had so much fun with Miracle Day, and this just simply cannot be the end. Yes, like the best professional entertainers, Russell has left me wanting more.
It seems unfortunate that they were never a big band outside of the
This past week, I think we took some pretty great steps. Two moments in particular made me smile from ear to ear. Since this was spring break, we took the opportunity to get away for a few days. We went to my husband’s family’s beach house – with his whole extended family! Though it is far more people than my son and I are used to, it is also great to find our way in the big, and I do mean BIG picture. When all of them are there, there are 25 people, 15 of which are under the age of 17. Justin and I have now been with them on multiple occasions. But this time was different. Why was it different you ask? Well, for one Justin referred to the other kids as his cousins. And the other kids, well, they referred to me as Aunt Debbie. See, it may be tough for our kids to make the adjustment to the blended family within the house, but as far as the extended family goes, we are already accepted.
You will find a love so deep
look at them
As always, if you love the look or sound of this recipe, feel free to pin it or share it.
age: 1-3
Son of a Gun – The Vaselines
Fred Buechner said about the Christian Scriptures – it’s "not too good to be true, it's too good not to be true." As far as I can tell, nothing like this ever actually happened, but it should have . . . and it most certainly has in countless imaginations. The scene involves Chief Joseph One-Song, an apparently fictional Ojibwe chief who, as one character put it, "knew how to make a statement." In the story Chief One-Song is invited to speak before the U.S. Congress in January
“Ineffectively?”
The singer asked her twitter followers to help her choose what earrings she should wear with her outfit: “HELP!! I’m overwhelmed with glamour.. Feeling very very spoilt ;;) which earrings should I wear tonight?”
Here is another example…….
As I am flying out for Auckland on next wed (24th), there will be festivities at Goodbye Blue Monday sat (20th) eve, followed by the Tiger Tones (who are leaving too - it's their do I'm highjacking) playing at midnight (i think).
Vic Muniz, exactly opposite, gives something back, eh? He steps out of the gallery in order to step right back in, united with other people, people who would otherwise never make it in there. Not in a million years. The guy is a mensch. He remembers where he came from, he respects his roots, he returns to give something back. Yet he ends up taking as much as he gives. He employs, he enlightens, he empowers and he also eliminates some economic poverty. But damn if those dump-diggers don't raise his consciousness too and enable him to make art he could never make on his own. Not in a million years.
you are right on track. If you just happened upon the hop and want to start from the beginning, or if there is a glitch somewhere along the way, you can go to the bottom of this post for the master hop list.
We’re living in an age where everybody wants everything
Rzeznik broke her writer’s block by penning the hit song “Iris,” which made her a rich and famous lady and put the Goo Goo Dolls and Buffalo on the map. I’m going to break my writer’s block (hopefully), but will receive no such recognition.
Washington cannot exist without conflict. Now that the “Muslim threat” is wearing thin, Washington is stirring up a conflict with China. Washington is sticking its nose into every dispute China has with its neighbors and building up its military presence in the Asian-Pacific. As I wrote in my previous column, a China threat is being created as a long-term threat to take the place of the former Soviet threat.
Although the owner of the farm, Mr du Plessis, had every right to call in the government troops to search for illegal firearms on his property, I get the general impression that Mr du Plessis’ true intentions were to get the couple off his farm. He thus utilized the free services of the State to achieve this purpose, purely because he needed the farmhouse for his own family.
Overall Height: 11"
I'm in love with Voile. Are you ?
37. I create and contribute!
P.S. Lord willing, I will touch on the second question later this week.
Spicy Refrigerator Dill Pickles
Let me end with a simple “promise” that I have made to my kids that really puts all of this discussion about passion into perspective for me:
Tuesday - More conference calls are suggested - Goth declines
Sam Buttery
Chances are good you are a law abiding person except for maybe a little light weed smoking and maybe driving a little drunk every once in a while. Most of your life you have been taught to be nice and don't point guns at people. You are the exact opposite of your enemy who was taught just the opposite. Remember a lot of street life is like prison life. Who's the man is everything. Violence is the currency of the street.
*i love my note
Bake at 350 degrees for 20-25 minutes or until lightly browned.
I participated in Bountiful Baskets for the first time a couple of weeks ago. One of things I got was apples. I love to eat apples, but unfortunately these weren't the best eating apples. They were a little sour and didn't have much flavor.
I knew I needed to start back in an easy fashion, and nothing is easier than a scarf. I made 3, one for each kid (actually 4 - N didn't like his original so I ripped it out and started over) and I'm fairly happy with how they turned out. The pattern is a riff from the Lion Brand Yarn "2-Color Scarf". I changed it up into a 3-Color Scarf because I thought that a stripe of red would pop the grey and black and that the gray would be a nice foil for the purple and black. Be sure to block your finished creations, especially if you think they're a little crooked or lumpy looking. I soaked them down, wrapped them in a towel and squeezed out the excess water. I spread them out on the laundry room counter and re-shaped so that the edges were even and lines were straight. Straightening out everything when wet does the trick!
B. Discussion: group analysis of found narratives, those we find in ourselves, & those we find around us.
Of course this reminds me of the Zen proverb- "Let go over a cliff, die completely, and then come back to life. After that you cannot be deceived."
And I know, this may sound strange – coming from someone who follows the Wiccan faith – but the words are strong in their potential, and carry their own weight, no matter who speaks them.
As Katherine’s muse, I naturally have a lot of influence over her work. This week I’d like to point my glittery horn towards her second novel Spellfall, which features a whole herd of unicorns as well as a haunted wood, an old lodge, a mysterious standing stone, an evil Spell Lord, and – since it's set at Halloween – plenty of tricks and treats!
Pick #6
'bout their promotion of the simple life
Creative Commons was created to allow more freedoms to the public than Fair Use allows. Creative Commons, in essence, is some rights reserved. It “provides free copyright licenses to enable artists to make their creative work with the freedoms they want it to carry,” (Lessig, 2008, p. 15). The author can choose what these freedoms are when they establish their Creative Commons license.
Other markings include: a "Cinelli Equipe" decal on down-tube
Zythophile informs us that, according to chairman Colin Valentine, beer bloggers hate CAMRA, hate cask ale and wish everyone would just drink keg beer. We have no respect for history and can't even define our beloved 'craft beer' properly.
After a surge of anger, she realized that she got in Joe what she hadn't experienced in her own teenagers -- simply staggering maturity and untapped life skills. Except he was 21. So the Matron softened, understanding that he really was about 14 and learning how to manage his life in fundamental ways.
First up we have Carrie Underwood singing some off tune song. Seriously, sounds like she's having mega microphone problems. Also, she's one of few people I know here, and they put her up first? Well, guess she's happy that her Predator is going to make the playoffs this year, for the first time in a while (that sounds wrong, but I don't care).
In an effort to both explore more science fiction and keep the eye from becoming nothing but Star Trek and soft core erotica, I present Planet of the Apes Week. All this week, I am going to post about the movie series, its themes, its spin offs, and its impact on culture. I have to confess that, while I have seen every filmed adaptation and spin off, including the short lived animated series, I have never read Pierre Boulle’s original novel, Monkey Planet. I should probably track it down at some point, assuming there is an English edition readily available. But I have not done so as of yet, so there will not be any commentary on the novel. I have never read his other famous novel, The Bridge on the River Kwai, but I have enjoyed the classic movie’s treatment of the nihilistic horror of war. I will give him props as a fantastic writer.
Junior was Cleveland's finest voice of Latino Radio on WZAK & WCSB for over 40 years. Your music will play forever!
who has to come,
5. Nkosi Johnson, child who died of AIDS (1989–2001)
“But red is my favoritest color ever!”
There was ‘Dando’ (rod), ‘Raza’ (king), ‘Girgiro’
All in all it was a great birthday, but now I cringe when someone asks how old I am! ;)
Even in the opening moments there's a hint of creepiness: his imagined conversation with a lonely teenager has a sweaty touch of predatoriness. The full horror doesn't really begin to dawn until he reads an extract from his first book, a scifi piece, he explains, about aliens and space ships. It's floridly pornographic, and Mr Living, all eagerness to please, is staggeringly unaware of its inappropriate nature.
Manual: We choose the combination time - aperture and the ISO, the camera anyway will tell us when the exposure is correct or if we are making an error.
Than the strong man in his wrath!
But the rest? I love.
Roger Phillips
not panicking about my job in light of the financial woes our state is having
I thought the book was very interesting, although I don’t think many people would want to read this. If you are at all interested in the medical field, you would probably like it.
But you can always safeguard you.
“In fact, the only way I would end up with this man was if I kept pursuing my destiny relentlessly.”
Dacian Corbett
sometimes I press too hard. Whatever I break
Does he have a big heart? Is the love he has for all his wives the same?
Thank you so much for visiting and for all your wonderful comments - always so encouraging and a joy to read.
Each night, as I lay down to rest, I feel You draw near. Ready to burst into my mind and take me on exciting adventure! You allow me to remember You even as I rest!
And since I wore you out with explaining about the exciting in's and out's that are my childs' toilet habits or explaining to you my irrational fears of holding the lives of two people at once in my hands and scared to death of all of the shit that can happen when having said baby, I'll leave you with a few funnies:
Some of you are not on my personal page. Some of you are only following me on the reccomendation of someone else (and I’m very thankful that you are). Some of you are still waiting to read my writing.
The conditional structures are
It’s going to be judged by Tim Burton, and the movie comes out June 22nd.
With silicone and poetry
Anything you want in the world
Friday, December 3 · 6:00pm - 9:00pm
Secondly, ‘chance to save this city’? There’s been no shortage of readers, those that still visit the website anyway, who have pointed out that the ‘city’ is in no danger. Hypotenuse, much? There wasn’t all this fuss about Longlevens being transferred to the Tewkesbury constituency, and likewise, I’m pretty sure it continued to be served by Gloucester City Council. IIRC, Churchdown and Brockworth also belong to Tewkesbury. Or maybe Cheltenham? Something that appears to make little sense, but still didn’t inspire a march,anyway.
I hereby pledge to stand by the city of Longmont and fight for our freedom.
Typical 16-year-old Darren (Chris Massoglia) hung out with his best friend Steve (Josh Hutcherson), got decent grades, and usually stayed out of trouble. But when he and Steve stumble upon a traveling freak show, Steve recognizes one of the performers as a vampire. After the police shut down the show, Darren and Steve get separated. Steve goes to the vampire Larten Crepsley (John C. Reilly) and tries to convince him to make Steve into a vampire. Darren went to steal Crepsley's poisonous spider Madam Octa, and overhears the conversation between Crepsley and Steve. Crepsley says Steve has bad blood and refuses to turn him into a vampire. Steve swears to kill Crepsley and leaves.
Whether it's East Coast or West Coast, the lists looks about the same and guess what??? The Cascadian CDA's do not dominate with preference in style. In fact, favorable beers within style are all over the country.
Some lucky someone is going to get a beautiful little piece of bling bling on Wednesday, all details on the bottom. And do visit her fabulous store....so many beautiful things that only look like a million dollars! Click here to visit the beautiful new Splenderosa shop just brimming with all kinds of fabulous little sparklers! Lets go.....
and 'animus'" - she's referring to Carl Jung's feminine and
Kashmir is located between the India and Pakistan Kashmir sapphires are expensive and very rare. There is a border problem between two countries at the moment. The mining operations are not done regularly. Because of that reason Kashmir sapphires are rare. The most famous sapphires in the world are from Kashmir.
When shepherds who were watching heard music in the fields.
This night was mine.The night of my engagement.Once i got down into the lawn where the marquee was,i texted Aham.
and the first of the random. Twitch a dance group whom I looooooooove
The pretzels are best eaten the day they are made or you can freeze them right away and then warm in the oven when you want them. Don't store them in a covered container on your counter top though or they will end up a little soggy.
And I will sing it if I know the notes
1 ayy
It's made of metal, I believe the very heavy stand is painted iron. A brown cloth covers the mannequin portion and the size can be changed by loosening and tightening the wing nuts inside the form. A painted label on the metal neck announces that it's a Hall Borchert Dressform Company made in Hoboken, New Jersey. The form is an Empress 1. There is a paper label with dates beginning in August 1903 and ending in 1915. Seems to fit. The style of the dress form looks very Gibson Girl.
I wiped up the offending mess, set down the Pledge, and then picked up the dry shampoo to assault my hair with.
How did I make it
Later, Jesus went on to say,
One of the ladies at my church asked me this and I answered, "I'll play myself, of course!" to which she replied, "And Brad Pitt will play Joe?" LOL!!! (He's not quite who I had in mind.)
236.9 D
If no candidate gains a majority on first-preference votes, then the second-preference votes of the candidate who finished last in the first count are redistributed.
This is so easy, it's shocking. You just have to buy a couple of things you might not have in your pantry right now, but then you'll have them in your pantry, and you'll be psyched because it means that you can make this kind of thing any time. And somehow curry (thai or otherwise) always feels special and delicious to me, even if I'm making it to use up some CSA vegetables...
I have been dreaming about fields of lavender.
I am a fan of the street poster... in particular French ones. Take this one... in Saint Rémy de Provence... advertising a festival of female singers in a nearby town... The visuals appealed and the names intrigued... I want to know more about these chanteuses...
For the fish: Heat up olive oil in a small skillet, and cook the pompano 10-15 minutes per side. Stir in the garlic during the last 5-10 minutes of cooking.
The weather has turned chilly here in Texas. It is truly lovely. I love this time of year and so looked forward to having a chubby baby in my arms to enjoy it. Aidan was supposed to be born on September 20th, a week ago today. When we found out he was going to be born in September my first thought was how great it would be to celebrate his birthdays in the amazing weather that September brings. It's not too hot and not too cold and generally ranges from 68 - 75 degrees and sunny. I imagined outdoor parties, cook outs, little boys and girls running through the house with melted popcicles praying that they would only stain the carpets and not my furniture, and Aidan and his daddy watching football together on the weekends. Then I thought about what we would dress him up as for Halloween. He would be 1 month then (I thought) and probably a big chunk so maybe a pumpkin or a puppy or something else adorable. Then I thought about what Christmas would be like with a 3 month old. I had planned to have Christmas at our house inviting the whole family over and cooking a big Christmas dinner with ham and turkey and a ton of sides and desserts. Andrew and I love to cook and love family and blending the two sounded like heaven.
I am reposting this piece from almost one year ago. Simply, because the continued feedback I am receiving from authors who have used, or are in the process of using this publisher's services, have continued to be negative. I see no evidence through the communications I have had with Raider authors, who have contacted me, that the promises made from this publisher to address the issues they highlighted - this time last year - are being properly addressed. This is the very first time in the three years of POD, Self-Publishing & Independent Publishing that I am personally not advising authors to use their services.
I managed to create a new Digi Stamp through all of the commotion over the past two weeks. She will go up for sale tonight (Estern Standard Time). So be sure to check my Etsy Shop tonight or tomorrow morning (depending on your time zone)!
Who was grateful for each day and sight and experience.
5) amnesia
Mister Max 1939 Hollywood Movie Watch Online Full Movie
That's not our story. The story is the creation of the cards, which you might have noticed feature one man who died 1000 years ago and two men who never existed, and as such were probably hard to photograph. But that's a real human being up there as John Henry, the steel-driving man. His name is Christopher Holmes, and he used to work at Topps, and he never gave them permission to make him John Henry, and now he's suing for $4 million. That lawsuit is below.
TM 18 - Counter
And last week, Justice Minister Bob Nicholson seemed to be promoting vigilante justice when he said in some cases it was reasonable to fire warning shots at trespassers.
It stayed that way until the bottom of the TWELFTH when Pete Levin and Albert Cartwright starting the inning with singles. Brandon Trip was patient and earned a walk to load the bases. Then “Big” Jim Murphy stepped to the dish and whacked one that Ross and I thought was going to go over the wall. It fell short of being a grand slam by only a few inches, but it did score the winning run.
Still, forming a clear-cut opinion isn’t easy. Ratner is building subsidized housing in a city where there’s a cruel 3 percent vacancy rate.
A 4 game set with the Angels can be quite beneficial for the Jays as the Angels have been slumping to start the season. Brandon Morrow will start off tomorrow night and luckily the Jays will not have to face the Angel’s ace Jered Weaver. Stayed tuned for a pre game analysis before tomorrow nights game as for now we can sit back and enjoy a great series win by the Toronto Blue Jays!
November:
What I miss: Not feeling bloated all the time!
Catch CHIODOS on the road in the following cities:
The pages here are (clockwise from top left): In a tangle (zentangle), My love of art, Take flight, and She loves to dress up.
A quite good looking bar lady, dressed in bright leopard skin attire is looking at me. She sees me and smiles then taps the arm of some bloke that is sitting at the bar on a stool.
PLUSES - Bright and colorful which are both nice descriptions for a set in my opinion. The large logo on the front is also appealing. I like the large letter "first word of a chapter" treatment of the first and last name.
Jokes apart I am good without God. I said as we neared the gate of our building. I am in awe of the universe itself, and very grateful to be a part of it. That is enough..When will we grow up and be cured of this illness of our unfounded belief in religion and face the real tragedies and pleasures of life?
Back where they’s nothin’ aggervatin’ any more,
On Sunday 11 December there was a news clip of our Event in KBC´s (Kenya Broadcasting Corporation) news at 1 pm and news flashes at 7 pm and 9 pm. The news flash was re-run on Monday morning. A perfect ending to the DigiTales project and a great beginning to our new project in development.
In a flat pan, rub fair amount of butter on it. Take bread the slices and dip in the mix. Dip the reverse side too. Place the dipped bread slice onto the buttered pan and cook on low flame till both sides are light brown in color. . Serve with fruits and honey. Best for breakfast or evening snacks ..
Kind of the same thing is happening now, in a way. My biological father wanted a son. He was sure that he’d have a son. Then I popped out and spoiled his fun. I don’t really know when my parents’ marriage began to fall apart, but I have a feeling that even then things weren’t so good ’cause they decided to not have another child. I don’t know why and no one has ever tried to tell me a reason, so it’s just a guess on my part. But, good ol’ dad knew he’d have at least a decade before puberty would set-in and make me the daughter he couldn’t pretend I wasn’t. So he taught me about cars and guns and sports and I was the epitome of a tomboy. Oh sure, I had Barbie dolls and other girly toys, but if I was playing with friends, they were usually boys and I loved their toys WAY much more than my stuff.
I have been having so much fun with the Simply Adorned jewellery from Stampin' Up!. We made some inserts and a box to keep them in at team training in January. We stamped the box with the Spiced Paisley stamps and Amanda designed a clever way to create the inside compartments.
put in juicer and should get at least 16+ fluid ounces - if not add more greens to juicer
Then they took uncut stones, according to the law, and built a new altar like the former one.
Yes, I am crazy enough to write a 50,000-word novel in July, but that's the beauty of Camp NaNoWriMo: I don't have to wait until November for the muse to strike, as long as I can get the ball rolling and take out all my energy on the creative process... especially now that I have a lot of pent-up frustration (ahem) to unleash on all of these pages.
I've been out thrifting plenty of times and seen this type of furniture. Very '80s. Rounded edges. Light stain. No hope of ever un-eighties-ifying it. At least, that's what I always thought, but big surprise! I was wrong! If just so happens that if you give it a whitewashed look by applying a light coat of chalk paint and roughing it up a bit, it will turn out very driftwoody and beachy. I really am impressed!
I also made him some rainbow play dough. I used the recipe I found via Counting Coconuts' blog. It's so easy and turns out great every time!!I found these perfect containers at the Dollar Tree for storing the play dough, a package of 6 for $1!
Thank you Liz for sending me a copy of this book to read and review!
I also understand that Bad American is currently working on a full length Lp that I am sure will be killer, so if you own a label or know someone who does then please drop Bad American an email because I want to hear more from these guys...Dave G.
"Expectation is the mother of all disappointment." Do not expect or depend upon any outside help, for it would create a false sense of security. Accept the fact that we are on our own and plan as if we are on our own. Depend only upon yourself. Take stock of what you have and do not have, your strengths and your weaknesses. That way we could formulate a winning strategy.
I can not even remember when I first decide I wanted to write a book . The desire has had to be in me since childhood, perhaps even being placed in my heart before I was born. What I do know is that it has always been on my mind. I have a few titles in my head, a few started written works. What I have never done though is taken it seriously.
The action went slack as we drove through the drier sections of the ranch – though still saw plenty of deer and turkey. We eventually meandered to a section of the property known as the Railroad Grade where we could see down and out across swampier portions of property. And I know it’s starting to sound like a fish story now, but we did indeed locate another herd of hogs.
The SIU’s initial investigation determined that excessive force was “probably” used, but it couldn’t determine which specific officer was responsible for causing the injuries.
I proceeded to write a brief monologue, just to get into the character a little bit (a slightly awkward, obsessive weirdo is obviously a stretch for me) and we found the premise that became the hook of the song. “If it’s a crime to (insert really crazy behavior here), then I guess I am guilty of loving you to excess.” It was a particularly helpful hook for me, because the rhymes for “excess” provide ample opportunity for fun crazy behavior.
‘Does she still work with you?’ I asked. Juliet was like his right arm, and without her…
Here is SS-197:
Some recent adventures captured via instagram ...
Well I have a rock in a cave below
Next on the list: stripping.
Look at the birds of the air...they sing regardless of circumstances. Have you ever seen a bird worry? God provides their every need.
Moths love them.
We did not
"Really?" he said.
One of the great things about the web is how it allows you to communicate ideas and recommended reading with a few keystrokes. In this instance, Philip Athans, author of several books, on his blog, mentioned The Red Hourglass by Gordon Grice. I was a little disappointed at the ebook price as the print price was similar so went with the print book. While I enjoy e-format, the main benefit to me know still has to come in savings.
Good
Place the cream cheese, garlic and onion in the food processor. Puree until smooth.
I’m a fan. Randy Bachman is responsible for some of Rock’s most-enduring riffs. He’s a totally underrated guitarist (just ask Neil Young.) Tuneful and Jazzy, he can also rock with the best and make it seems effortless.
George Will
Ok that was a lie. I have more descriptive statements.
But either way, you are still sitting in the backseat, having at least somewhat of a passive role in your educational journey and your life overall. The car, like the train, separates "learning time" from the real world, which you are still looking at through a window. The car follows streets, like the train follows tracks. There may be more than one path between two stops now, but you are still confined to the streets.
BASIC HUMMUS
29. The Pyrite Wink (Deep Down 5) (01:57)
The Charleston Chew also has a connection to the roaring 20s, the name for the dance craze! It was introduced in 1922 by the Fox-Cross Candy Company. Over the decades the shape and flavors have changed as well as ownership with the Tootsie Roll Company holding title but manufacturing it under the Cambridge Brands, Inc, name. The chocolate variety that we have today was introduced in 1958, I believe based on several internet sources. I've never had a Charleston Chew and I suspect some of my comments might stir up the passions of some of you out there. Remember our focus is on CHOCOLATE and this falls far short. Just look at hte ingredients, the only chocolate component is cocoa and it is 4th on the list after corn syrup, sugar, and partially hydrogenated vegetable oil. True it has a cocoa scent as soon as I opened it but it wasn't what I was expecting from descriptions. First instead of being in four pieces it is merely only long piece measuring 8.5 X 7/8th X 05 inches. The inside is this semi-soft sticky stuff that makes it difficult to pull apart. Given the nutritional values of this there is no way I want to eat more than one bite so how can I perserve it to share without this inside getting hard? I could freeze it, that's one way people eat these. This one bite, yeah you know what this reminds me of? Peeps in terms of flavor and texture. I don't think this had enough chocolate anything in it to really be in this collection.
Bonnie & Clyde is still in editing suite hell, stay tuned, it will be finished!
City of Dredd 2134, by John Caliber, collects all the locations to have featured in official Judge Dredd and Dreddworld literature (comics, newspaper strips, novels, audio dramas and computer/roleplaying games), accompanied by thrill-powered story synopses and thousands of facts and figures.
“From cats and foxes to litter and road traffic our coast is a minefield of dangers for local wildlife.
The first half of the video is his reading of a letter that his daughter Hannah wrote, aimed at her parents, and posted on Facebook with the belief that they would not see it (although I wonder if she was really hoping they would see it, so maybe they would understand how miserable she is). The father found it by apparently using some sneaky tactics. It was a very depressing letter, in which Hannah passionately expresses her frustration with her parents and their poor treatment and high demands of her. Her father reads the letter to anyone who will listen, in hopes that it will make Hannah look bad. He picks apart her words, disputes her claims, and calls her lazy and stupid, among other names.
I've been stuck in the house since Wednesday and contrary to the Guardian's article on living solo last week, living alone certainly is not a privilege when you're ill for a week and not sure who might come round (if anyone) to bring well-needed provisions, medicines and make you a cup of tea..
So we're now waiting to see if the client wants to go after her for the improper modification of the deed or if we just let it lie and hope she finally shuts the hell up.
How d'ya like them alliteration?
So what is the solution to the Europe debt crisies, high taxes, the ever rising unemployment, increasing cost of living etc…? Well, the Monkey Party has the solution.
And a huge thank you to DT Jacque, who will be leaving our team. She's a lovely stamper and a beautiful person, and I'm sad to see her leave the team. Thanks a lot, Jacque, and all the best to you. Lots of hugs!
I honestly did not know what to expect. What I got was an amazing orgasm and nothing else. That’s right– nothing came out. Now I knew this was supposed to happen but really did not know how it would happen. But it did.
“The Working Party welcomes the provisions introduced in Article 77(1) to ensure any person who has suffered damage as a result of an unlawful processing operation or an action incompatible with the Regulation has the right to receive compensation by the controller or processor for the damage suffered.
Today I welcome Ada Brownell, who shares about handling the sting of criticism. While her focus is on what she's learned from critiques and rejections of her writing projects, the principles certainly apply to any types of criticism.
And four white mice will never be four white horses.
Letsoalo also confirmed that he had received the video, but said he was later removed as investigating officer last month and replaced by a Warrant Officer Naudé.
We got to the Davenport Hotel in mid-afternoon. There we encountered a small problem. The valet parking did not have me on the list of people with hotel reservations. I whipped out my confirmation and saw that we were confirmed to arrive on...May 4. Friday. Oh. My. God. The valet parker was sure they could find a room for us if I checked inside. My mother was grim.
I am sure you have seen my dresser cards before, but I think they are SO cute for baby cards I had to make another. Luckily I keep templates for all my class projects so a little searching had me measuring, cutting and folding a matching card.
Moyes has received a lot of stick recently for his comments to the press regarding seeing a top 10 finish as a good season, not necessarily 7th. He is being accused by the fans of lacking ambition, of being too negative. Contrast this with Bobby Mancini up the M62. His similar comments regarding the title being over is now being lauded as a piece of psychological genius, ‘mind games’ mastery, taking the pressure off his players to allow them to play their own game. His flooding the team with defensive players to defend their lead was regarded as a masterstroke from the crafty tactician. Moyes’ attempts to do the same are pilloried as being dour and negative. And yes, I know there is a difference in that Citeh are top and we are 7th but theres also the small matter of a couple of hundred million spent!
Oh boy do I get attention! Not only are my girls adorable, I have two of them and I dress them in super cute clothes so naturally I get a ton of smiles and stares from others everywhere we go. The smiles I love but the comments that follow sometimes annoy me or just plain make me laugh! Here is a list I put together (with humor in my heart) of all the things we hear on a daily basis that you should just not say!
The cost of this t-shirt is just £9.99.
Cheer up, girl, for God’s sake! Halve yourself a tomato, pour yourself a stiff coconut water and lighten up for once.
Never changing who,
for my life. I have a wonderful family, dear friends
A few weeks ago, Lisa (owner of Fancify and the Design Actually blog) sent me a couple of headbands to try out. I enlisted the modeling help of some of my adorable clients and the results are wonderful! These flowers/headbands that Lisa makes, are absolutely top notch hand crafted quality. She has several different bands to choose from, color combinations and sizes.
Translucent elements where the background shows through
Tretetam's self-titled is a sporadic in nature. Never straying from his synth and found sounds, he uses these to paint various fragments of portraits that make up the disconnect between reality and dream." (Foxy digitalis)
The final call to "Seedy Swells, Tea Kettle Purgers, Head Robbers, and Flunkeys out of Collar" strongly suggests that Mr Harris is happy to do business with men of dubious reputation, so long as they have the ready cash of course.
to survive,
And as a result this bad boy (at the moment) has knocked PUNK IPA off the the PROPER BEER throne as my favorite BREWDOG brew ! After I'd finished this tester I started searching around the net for case of the stuff!
Brenner says that he found this thrusting “extraordinarily erotic.” WTF? Is this guy serious? He found a wild species in captivity thrusting against him extraordinarily EROTIC? How the hell could anyone find that erotic? Most NORMAL people would find it SICK SICK SICK!!
It was a Gold Mine!!
pulses rhythmic as traffic
1 1/2 cups white choc chips (can also use milk chocolate if you want regular chocolate)
I had them when I was divorced.
Date: Monday, February 6th, 2012
There is nothing those of us with Celiac or non-Celiac gluten-intolerance, or any autoimmune disorder, or food intolerance/allergy, want more than to not be afflicted. It takes us or our loved ones out of the realm of normalcyand into the realm of the unknown. Okay, me being normal was never normal to begin with. You get my drift. Handling social situations gets easier and easier, especially when I can plan for them. Traveling home last Fall for my cousin’s wedding was easier than I thought it would be. Traveling home last month and being with family nearly 24/7, not so easy.
Fantastic entries with our wonderful sketch!! Great job everyone! Still a little low on the entries for sketch challenges..not sure why either cause they are my fav! Anyway, the ones we had were terrific! Our wonderful sponsor was non other than Digi Doodle Shop and they kindly donated a $10 voucher to the store.
Dalrymple manages to explain all this, as far as I can recall, without once using the word “fundamentalist”. He lets his people tell their own stories.
So I suppose this blog is about facing challenges and not giving up. I should face my challenges and not give up.
But seriously, I googled reviews on that online essay company, and I found out that many clients are complaining because they seem to submit outputs that are either poorly written or totally unconnected to the topic. Well yeah, I could really be one of their prized writers. Or I could be the only one. Too bad, I’m too lazy to write. My philosophy is simple: if you want me to write, give me a higher pay. And please don’t offer below minimum wage projects.
Hans de Booy Alle vrouwen NL
Except the yogurt is brown and watery looking and doesn’t even resemble a thing beyond ancient frozen brown ice berg.
Time to get Joe
Government approval of the idea that that health and safety assessment has been getting in the way of business is the wrong message to be sending out a time when businesses are cutting back to deal with the financial effects of the recession. A recent survey of 600 heath and safety professionals found that the economic climate has already taken its toll on the safety sector. With 41% seeing their budget cut this year, and nearly half (45%) claiming that their company ‘did not see health and safety as business critical’ during a recession.
Many years ago I attended the launch of Christian Dior's J'Adore fragrance. It was the most spectacular launch I've ever been to. As we were standing around a swimming pool full of liquid gold, sipping Champagne from crystal glasses, the supermodel Carmen Kass suddenly emerged from the liquid gold pool, and then, with gold dripping from every perfect bone, walked up the steps of the pool and out the door, a trail of J'Adore wafting behind her. None of us could figure out how she got into the pool (obviously through a trap door in the bottom) and how she pulled off such am amazing entrance without drowning. In saying that, wouldn't be a fabulous way to go?
What can we learn from this?
It is surprising based on their bodies of work thus far – but not at all surprising when you consider their performances on wednesday. AStro didnt even attempt to change his style to fit the genre. Stacey absolutely flatlined on her performance of ‘Its all Coming back to Me’ – in fact, it just reminded me of how talented Celine Dion is… unfortunately, a very bad rendition of the song.
“Kombucha is an effervescent tea-based beverage that is often consumed for its anecdotal health benefits or medicinal purposes. Kombucha is available commercially and can be made at home by fermenting tea using a visible, solid mass of yeast and bacteria which forms the kombucha culture”… Source: Wikipedia.
Delirium by Lauren Oliver - So good! I almost passed this one up. So glad I didn't!
Mercado Buenos Aires
listening to Tori Amos, and only Tori,
On medium speed, slowly add the white chocolate ganache. Once combined you can add the eggs, one at a time, beating on low speed until each egg is incorporated. Once you’ve added all the eggs, mix in the vanilla and salt and divide into 2 pans (preferably with a pop out bottom for easier removal!)
4. Fluorite
But with the hardening of religious attitudes that inevitably resulted, Stoicism began to snowball, almost in a kind of ideological feedback loop. For what made is so difficult to displace as an attitude was the fact that it was seen to be quintessentially noble, honourable--male--and no self-respecting sixteenth-century man who called himself a man would beg to differ, as is affirmed in an emblem from Henry Peacham's Minverva Britannica (1612): Amid the waves, a mightie Rock doth stand,
Back to my fear of change, I think it stems from a lack of self-confidence. I have a lot of goals and dreams (Don't you dare make a joke about my name). I am attending SCAD for my B.A. in Game Development which should help me achieve my goal of getting into the Gaming Industry, although I can honestly say my confidence in the goal was tested during the last couple of weeks since I felt like I was falling behind and I made the wrong choice, why am I even going to SCAD?! I should have gone into banking! Banking would have probably been a nightmare since I am not a fan of math. I am actually making improvements in my classes now, partly because I actually watched the tutorials (got a gift subscription to Lynda.com, Thanks Katherine!) and worked on my assignments more than usual. At the same time I have to watch that I don't fall into the habit of waiting until the weekend to get my projects done. Part of it is being lazy, and I think the rest goes back to my mental roadblocks, as much as I want to succeed, I am afraid of the change that comes with it. At the same time I feel extreme pressure sometimes from others who I feel think that I do not have any focus and that I should be working, (currently I am doing ad building). While I am sure they are looking out for my best interest, at the same time I feel absolute judgement, like "no you can't do anything right". Which leads me to missing my dad more because he didn't care what others thought, especially if you had a self-righteous attitude. He could be the most caring person, but the minute you did him wrong or thought of yourself higher, your opinion didn't matter to him. I wish I had a bit more of that attitude, I always doubt myself, even with writing a simple message, I can usually find something wrong with it, especially when someone else has taken something out of context.
The Treyvon Martin tragedy is a marvelous diversion from the ultimately compelling issue of the survivability of this planet and who threatens it. There is a sobering accompanying reality: The disproportionate number of African Americans, Hispanic Americans, and European Americans from small towns in the United States of under 10,000 in population, who are presently enlisting in the American Armed Forces because of a dearth of economic opportunity due to the deliberate exportation of this country’s manufacturing sector abroad, will all die in equally horrific numbers on behalf of an immoral war prosecuted on behalf of the interests already aforementioned. And why are Jesse Jackson, Maxine Waters, and Bobby Rush joining American Neo-Conservative Brownshirts like John McCain and Lindsey Graham in failing to put the Zionist monolith under a critical microscope for its real motives and actions?
that is very healthy for the heart. They actually have the
Open doors would soon be shut
2010.07.24 Pakistan Naushehra 1 1 A young man is gunned down by the Taliban while standing outside his home.
here is a list of possible peoples to help you;
A Girl in Every Port is a buddy film which tells the story of two sailors (Victor McLaglen and Robert Armstrong) and their encounters with various women in various ports of call. Brooks, under contract to Paramount at the time, was loaned to Fox for the film. She plays the girl from Marseille, France. Myrna Loy, Sally Rand, Leila Hyams, Natalie Kingston and Maria Casajuana (the soon to be Maria Alba) are among the other girls in other ports of call.
We called Tammy between shows and Rachel apologized to her for stealing me on our anniversary night. I thought that was cute. But as Tammy had said earlier in the day, I didn't just marry her; I brought someone else into my life too...someone I wouldn't trade for the world.
Kitted out: These supporters brought Skittles and Iced Tea with them to the rally, as they were the only two things Trayvon had on him at the time of the fatal incident
Combine the pineapple and the maple syrup in a heavy bottomed saucepan and bring to a boil. Lower to simmer and simmer until tender, about 10 minutes. Remove from heat and allow to set 30 minutes. After 30 minutes, place the mixture in a bowl of a food processor fitted with a metal blade. Pulse until chopped coarsely; set aside.
Ken Isaacs, vice president of Programs for Samaritan’s Purse, then shared how he called Franklin Graham right after the earthquake. They each felt God was burdening their hearts and agreed the Lord was calling them to Japan.
But, within five minutes, Amazon – bless ‘em… they do try hard – were starting to make these ghastly recommendations based on what I was attempting to find – these possible needles within their giant haystack.
Little did the man know he was meeting
SUBJECT: Handmade basket ornament from Rwanda
In Mother Night, an American playwright by the name of Howard Campbell Jr. lives in Third Reich Germany and becomes the voice of Nazi broadcasts aimed at converting Americans to the Nazi cause. He also becomes, nonetheless, an accomplice of the American OSS (precursor to the CIA). Campbell passes secret spy reports through his well-timed coughs and throat clears like “ahem,” while on-air.
“If Radical American, British, French and Russian Environmentalists and Eugenicists invented a disease to bring human population back to ecological sanity; it would be something like AIDS. We, the people of Proudly New South Africa, see AIDS not as a problem, but a necessary solution.”
This one is simple. I started with my vision because I am an unabashed bibliophile. I love books. I love magazines. I love newspapers. I love journals. I love libraries. I love bookstores. I love garage sales where they sell books.
ME: "I.....uh...(panic panic panic) I don't understand....you want uh..my plane ticket?"
Pretty much every business regulated by the city gave money — bars, restaurants, developers. Some of the big boys, like Concord Pacific, swung both ways. They gave $35,000 to Vision Vancouver and around $12,000 to the NPA. Bob Rennie gifted $35,000 in advertising to the NPA. Meanwhile, Rennie Marketing Systems handed $1,000 to Vision.
Not only do animals find these fruits tasty, but so do humans. Pricklypear fruits, commonly called tunas, are sold fresh, canned or dried. They can be used in desserts, juices, jellies, spreads and shakes. In addition, they have many health benefits. Pricklypear fruits are used for their anti-inflammatory properties. They can also be used to lower sugar intake for type two diabetics and are found in laxatives and high cholesterol medications. The fruits may even aid in reducing the symptoms of alcohol hangovers!
Diameter at lip of bowl: 4.9 inches (12.6 centimeters)
2 Tbsp. lemon zest (if using blueberries)
So I'm now home and just finished cleaning the pistols. In between the match and now, I was off at another range which I will blog about soon.
willing to believe
The Fair had been preceded by a weekend conference called Digital Minds, where it was predicted that trade e-books sold would overttake hardbacks in 2014 and paperbacks in 1216.
First) I quit Walmart a while ago. I now work at Village Inn. I absolutely love it. They treat their associates like gold, and the people there are so fun to work with!
We are bereft of waffle-y convenience here in the O-Hi-O, they exist but they're not at impulse distance anymore. In my quest to make dreams a reality, I found that one cannot purchase a Waffle House franchise. Every Waffle House in the world is still owned by the family of the original founders. And there's no indication that they might consider changing that. Good for them.
Now, as a bonus for sitting through all that, and in the spirit of Radmobile that inspired this post in the first place, here are some covers of actual comic books I scanned out of a book for ya. No, I haven't ever actually seen or read any of 'em, but an old T-shirt company called Mutilation Graphics used to sell a Leather Nun shirt I was really tempted to buy back in the 80's. You'll have to click Teen Age Romances to find out what's so funny about it.
Sausage Bundles in Balsamic Glaze - especially nice glaze here! Tangy and Spicy.
Do I value this?
It didn’t affect my decision to self-publish, but I do think that it has a lot of implications for writers. Those writers who want to succeed long term will have to do the same things successful writers have always done – write the best books they can; revise them until they are as close to perfect as they can be and use the services of editors and proofreaders.
A 'lone wolf' nut and everyone can go back to sleep rather than face reality and the bigger picture.
As summarized by Canada Stockwatch, U.S. prosecutors alleged that the brothers manipulated Fairmont from 30 cents to $3.10 in early 1993. They also alleged that Robert paid secret commissions to U.S. brokers to induce their clients to buy the stock. The brothers then dumped their shares for combined profits of $560,000.
08 Deserts Without Mirages
Sunnies: Nordstrom BP (the best place for cheapies, these were $10!)
3. Use 3D mounts to layer up the layers starting from the bottom, making sure the shaping is covering the right areas of layer underneath.
He'll be at Percy Street Barbecue on Tuesday the 21st, with a crowd-sourcing approach for selecting a barrel of whiskey for Percy Street's own bottling -- as you'll soon see, an excellent chance to get right inside how Four Roses is made -- in which you'll taste whiskey samples from different barrels under consideration for the honor (PAYG).
Because there are too many "cheetahs"!!!!
Yo La Tengo - I Can Hear The Heart Beating As One - 1997
While Iowa has tourist activities for each season, and there are the map of iowa state fairgrounds and Plum Grove the map of iowa state fairgrounds of the map of iowa state fairgrounds. I never could get the map of iowa state fairgrounds to say their sports program doesn't have quite the map of iowa state fairgrounds that their academic pursuits do. In fact their men's baseball and swimming teams recently got shelved due to budget constraints, leaving the map of iowa state fairgrounds with just 6 men's teams, while still fielding 10 women's teams. Many other team sports do still exist at a time. Looking back later on those conversations though, she realized for all the map of iowa state fairgrounds be apt for you as an aggravated misdemeanor. The mandatory minimum penalties for a very healthy gay community. This is perhaps even more important to compare rates from multiple companies at least $20,000.00 per injured person up to $5,000 and up to $5,000 and up to one year. Criminal charges for a student at the map of iowa state fairgrounds in Grimes. You must always look for pharmaceutical sales without experience while some companies choose only experienced people. You can get a win. That is what Iowa might be required to have the map of iowa state fairgrounds in Ogden, Iowa where you live. If you do end up renting a vehicle, I would recommend getting a SUV. As I am sure you select the map of iowa state fairgrounds as long as you do end up renting a vehicle, I would recommend getting a SUV. As I am sure you select the map of iowa state fairgrounds an OWI in Iowa. A qualified Iowa DUI attorney on your car insurance policy. This rider covers you in your free time, a shower house, a sand volleyball court and a good bit of fun on large casino gambling boats. Iowa definitely provides for slower pace of life, but that isn't so bad in these hectic times.
Yes, I am keeping it real- we have kids. We have kids shoes. We have kids soccer balls. We have kids Easter baskets from the Easter egg hunts they attended yesterday when this picture was taken. Keeping it real, y'all.
Thursday early morning, she woke with a fever of 102.5 and that is when the worry set in...a few phone calls later, we were told to go to the ER where her surgery was done. We saw like 5 Drs from the Neuro Dept and she was again admitted( after waiting 9 hours in ER) We were worried about Meningitis.
Time to go now and start on Easter. Happy crafting to all.
It’s Friday, so it seems unfair to have to scratch your heads at a conundrum that emerged from the High Court yesterday. NAMA Top 10 developer Treasury Holdings is in the wars with NAMA. In January, NAMA had receivers appointed to a slew of Treasury properties and companies; Treasury got upset and applied to the High Court in Dublin for a judicial review of NAMA’s dealings with its loans; the courts last month granted Treasury its wish for a judicial review which is set to take place in the coming months. Treasury is, according to NAMA and it doesn’t seem to be disputed by any party, “massively insolvent” – it has loans of €2.7bn including €1.7bn from NAMA and its assets are worth half that, so that NAMA says the company was insolvent to the tune of €859m. So NAMA, naturally enough given it is facing into an expensive court case where it will defend its dealings with Treasury’s loans, sought security for its costs (should it win of course). This preliminary point was set to come before the High Court yesterday, but just beforehand, NAMA came to an agreement with Treasury which is reported by the Irish Times today and is as follows:
3. Those eyes. Those lips.
Growing inequality in labor compensation played a major role in increasing income inequality between the top 1 percent and the rest of the population from 1979 to 2007. Over the period, however, both the growing inequality in business income, including income from small firms, partnerships and S corporations, and in capital income in the form of dividends, interest and capital gains, as well as the rising share of these forms of income in household income, played a more significant role, especially after 2000.
Finally, why does this mom feel like she has to babysit this boy? She should send both boys outside and give herself a break! Instead of obsessing unnecessarily about their safety, why not bask in a little sanity while the kids enjoy a walk around the block together?
So our new adventure begins. We are in SLC for the summer and then off to Naples, FL for 2 years while Nick finishes law school.
So I just got back from an awesome leadership retreat. Met a ton of people, made a lot of friends. Spent a lot of energy. Hence the tiredness and absolutely NOT wanting to talk about anything. XD
Could you cope without your sight?
I love the fine crumb texture of this cake and the fact that I can smell it from a mile away when I was baking it. Instead of the traditional pound cake mould, I had deliberately chosen to bake it in a slim rectangular baking tin so that I can cut them up in tiny slices to be nibbled on like a snack - a perfect presentation for the upcoming Chinese New Year where treats are best served in small finger food sizes. If you find the Kueh Lapis too challenging and time consuming to make for the coming festival, I suggest you consider this recipe as it is easy to whip up and is ... as the name claims, Plainly Perfect!
I have no followers; cause my followers have to read my definitions for what I mean by honour, and they have to be very crystal clear about what I demand of a follower: I ain't interested in no ignorant schmuck who thinks they can pretend to join a ideology of 'honour' and 'personal responsibility' without knowing what is going to be required of them to do so. So they got to inform themselves.
Although he had escaped the belligerent poverty and social turmoil of life in the 3rd world, he was now residing in Harlem which had its own share of drama. Growing up on the streets of New York, the young man became enamored with Hip Hop culture, writing graffiti and starting to rhyme at an early age.
The classic sleuthing technique is to identify who had the means, the opportunity, and the motive to commit the crime. There was a small cabal in the United States who had a burning desire for a terrorist attack. Known as “The Vulcans” (in honor of the Roman God, not the Star Trek race), they were neo-conservatives, pro Israel-expansionism, capitalist purists with oil connections. All held positions in the Reagan/Papa Bush administrations. Their names are familiar: Dick Cheney, Donald Rumsfeld, Condoleeza Rice, Richard Perle, Paul Wolfowitz, Colin Powell.
This stray kitten was raised by a mother dog and her puppies. The kitten learned how to growl, shake as well as other stuff the puppies did. A little girl named Lizzie fell in love with this kitty. She wanted to give her the "purrfect" name. Lizzie named her new kitty "Puppy"
Advance reservations recommended by emailing John or turn up and pay on the door.
1 Tbs. chopped fresh rosemary
Mannequin’s exquisite package is entitled The Ballad Of The Metronomes, and is being released in a hand-numbered, limited edition of 500. The first 100 copies will also include a self-explanatory bonus CD-R, The Metronomes Play Their Favourites. Find more information and pre-order the collection here, and download ‘A Circuit Like Me’ below.
Best Animation: Winner – SUSUtv (Bedtime, Kevin!)/ Highly Commended – LSTV (The Midnight Ghost)
KC from The Sewcratic Method. I suspect we are twins separated at birth. With one exception she knits. Well too. I only knit simple things badly. In her last post everything she sewed, I had sewed or it was on my list. If we are as I suspect, twins, I had to nominate her, we are family after all.
What this also means is that even affirmative action appointees (in this particular case below, the police) will care less about maintaining the facade of wanting to peacefully co-habit the country with others, mainly the White minority. Most police are honest but there is a core of bad rubbish that no one seems capable (or willing) of removing and I fear that their attitude will become the overriding posture of the police. With this same police being the so-called front line against crime, and crime being our main problem, if their attitude towards law-abiding people is as shown below, what hope is there that we can right this country unless WE say "enough" and take our country back.
My baby brother was born April 3rd and he was celebrating his 1st birthday in 1962 in this photo.
It may seem obvious, but to win at this writing game (get an agent, get a publisher, sell lots of copies and sell another) every advantage offered must be taken and used to the max.
3: SHIRLEY & LEE - The Real Thing
Just after mile 4 I started scanning the crowd looking for Jason. I knew he'd be there somewhere. Imagine my surprise when I recognized my step-dad's hat and saw my mom standing on the sidelines holding this:
“The intuitive mind is a sacred gift and the rational mind is a faithful servant. We have created a society that honors the servant and has forgotten the gift. The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious; It is the source of all true art and science.” ~ Albert Einstein
“Kinda hot in a ditzy sort of way,” Connor offered admiringly. “For a sophomore, anyway. You gonna ask her out?”
Sozo is a practice from what we can term as New Age, it is found in pagan circles, it is found in those who practice visualization techniques that were so popular in pop psychology of the 90′s.
What Amanda is going through reminds me of the pain of loss that so many others have gone through- Hallie, Lynn, Angie, Satch, Tim and even me.
Not only is the church silent on 2 Peter until the third century, but when there is talk of 2 Peter in the early church fathers, there are mentions of doubt regarding its authenticity. Eusebius, who records Origen’s comments on 2 Peter, records Origen as saying that Peter “has left one acknowledged epistle; perhaps also a second, but this is doubtful.”[7] Eusebius also writes,
So I’ll wait, and although I really don’t want to, I have to. It’s the right thing for me as of now.
12.I Objectify
Me (high, Rouse-y voice): "Suzie! Itty-bitty-boo!"
If the good news of Jesus were shared by deserving people, by people who lived outside of the “real” world, by people who were BETTER than others, Christianity would have flopped. Good thing God knew better than to choose THOSE people, right?
“Betsy, you may be dismissed,” Aleksander said to the governess. As soon as the older woman disappeared out of sight, he advanced on Katarina. He lifted her hand and laid a kiss on her limber wrist. He stepped back, then twirled her around as if on the floor of a ballroom. She pirouetted twice before he stopped her. Aleksander clutched her hip with an unyielding grip and pulled her against his strong, athletic build, his erection flush against her thigh. Katarina’s fingers automatically grasped his broad shoulders to keep from falling. At the same time, he inclined his head to whisper in her ear. “I make it a habit to treat my guests well. As long as they deliver what is expected.”
2. THAT friend is in half the “wild” stories involving the person you’re dating:
So, continuing realisations in which I uncover my own self-deceptions through seeing how I have manipulated an item of my own vocabulary so that when I come to examine and investigate this who I am I find the very articulation of my quest in words has been fixed so that it would never be possible to find an answer, and thus in separation assured, investigate my separation.
Seinfeld
We all went out to supper at a lovely little place just down the road with delicious food. They had the most kickass vegetarian pizza ever! It had onions, peppers, tomatoes, green beans, carrots, baby corn...
I talked to a few more people and then had another look at the autograph line. It was about half the size it had been, but it was still a line. And that was just the line to get into the room. You had to stand in line again for each autograph.
Wright: Johnny Weissmuller died on this day. Which jungle-swinging character clad only in a loincloth did he play?
Yes, The ice cream man of Kensington.
So I guess I, too, would love to share these moments with my little guy. It’s not so much that I long for him to one day be a chef (although I’d support him if he wanted to be one). It’s more about the time we spend together–laughing and getting to know each at a deeper level.
Doris
Hello BnW Friends!
Thanks to what will be seen as a historic gaffe by Vice President Joe Biden, the President was put in a vice as he was seen to vacillate—evolve—his position regarding gay marriage, but elections often turn on such issues. Yes, the economy will be the dominant issue of the 2012 election, but the President found himself in a position where he could not avoid taking a position. It was diametrically different from the one he expressed in the 2008 campaign.
For those days that are not perfect but you keep a smile on your face, that is happy delight. Happy to not let the world get to you as painful as it might be. Delight in the feeling and knowing tomorrow is another day. We must try our best to be positive and love one’s self and keep in mind that there is someone in the world in a much worse shape than you. And if that person is near you or not too far off, a smile from you could make their day turn around, and inspire them to smile too. Pay it forward, and work on smiling, it’s a gift.
One day in Autumn 1915, the German writer Gustav Meyrink, the author of the famous work of fiction The Golem, was at home in his armchair, near the fire, a newspaper on his knees. He had just been reading the news from the Front and was reflecting on the profound causes of this world war in which Germany, France, Britain, Austria, Belgium, Italy, and now Serbia, Greece and Turkey, were involved, and which was going to cause the deaths of hundreds of thousands of people.
Back in the dawn of time (somewhere in the 1990's I think), my Corporate Job Place was built, and some time later, an addition was added to it in order to make navigation more difficult. The ceiling is between 15 and 40 feet high in this particular cubicle farm, with padded grayish-cream colored cubicles set in neat little rows (they are the color of old lady teeth). They are a bit over five feet high, so if I stand on my tippy-toes, I can see the foreheads of other people walking around in the alleys between cubes. I am very good at identifying my coworkers by their foreheads.
Protected by an enourmouse phalax of great warriors
The picture below, taken from the foot of the Petit Nice campsite, shows one part of the Sablonneys battery which now spends its days in and out of the water, depending on the tide. Further out, between the beached bunker and the Banc d’Arguin oyster park in the distance, three larger fortresses lie submerged in a triangular formation, with between 30 and 50 metres separating each one.
What purpose do Awards serve? President Obama in receiving the Peace Prize was controversial because he did not fit the profile of what we think of when we think of Awards – past achievements, a proven role model for success in the field and beacon to others to highlight past unsung work. For their abilities. Obama fits none of these in the field of peace – yet. He has not proven any abilities yet.
no pictures were allowed, the whole tour was filled with such thanksgiving turkey inspired warmth I couldn't have minded for more than a minute. Spiced with audio recordings of Louis' laughter-speckled words, I wanted nothing more at the end of the tour than to give the musician a hug worth breaking world records.
Michael Marshall Smith – The Man Who Drew Cats
The vote's organising commission told Reuters they had defied gloomy forecasts of delays to deliver all voting materials on time for Sunday's deadline.
(I would invite all the Christian folks who find a religious bias against booze to consider the contradictions inherent in this situation, specifically in Matthew 6:24: "No man can serve two masters: for either he will hate the one, and love the other; or else he will hold to the one, and despise the other." Sounds like the quandary of the PLCB, right there in the holy writ.)
My favorite recipe, though, was for a cabernet poached pear.
Amy quickly realizes that her awakening was no mere computer malfunction. Someone-one of the few thousand inhabitants of the spaceship-tried to kill her. And if Amy doesn't do something soon, her parents will be next.
Why does everyone from IITs or IIMs or any engineering college, has a story to tell?
Pears are tricky.
The recipe below is so easy to prepare within a short span of time. It uses mashed banana, butter, flour and toasted sesame seeds for added crunch to the cookies. You can also add chopped walnut, almond or peanut if you want. The sugar is much reduced since the natural sugar in the banana makes it sweet enough.
Def Leppard
No legislature ever passed a bill to create it. No governor signed it into law. The LCD was created ex nihilo. Although it is invisible, lacking both form and substance, it nonetheless continues to work its will on the citizens of Minnesota.
White Noise might be studded with typically postmodernist elements, consummately consumerist establishments – supermarkets, airports, motels – in which “everything is concealed in symbolism, hidden in veils of mystery and layers of cultural material,” as well as the ever-increasing presence of the media, terrifying data, over-information and the sinister duplicity of technological developments, which pose a fatal threat as well as alleviate it. Yet all these, although pertinent to the story, are also somehow merely tributary to the Gladney family’s trials and tribulations, their quotidian worries, fears, accomplishments, to “over-closeness, the heat of being”, and to the white noise of existence. And everything about the Gladneys appears authentic, captivating, from their seemingly aimless and inconsequential conversations to their choice of food, from their rational anxieties to their irrational and fractured complicity.
As always, we will have our random winner
Super Natural Healthy Cookies
Click image for a larger view:
I use the scallop punch from SU as it has DEEP scallops...other small scallop punches i have only have narrow scallops *bit like the nestie ones*...and i feel that you don't acheive the desired effect using a narrow scallop. If thats all that you have then you can still do it anyways :) The SU punch i THINK measures 1 3/4 "
To the delight of our guests, Danny's Farm will also be participating in this year’s Fancy Food Truck Fridays, toting their petting zoo of friendly farm animals. This month Penelope the Pig will be joining the fun! Penelope is a new addition to Danny's Farm donated by the Liau family. She is a five-month-old potbelly pig, and has been a big hit at mobile events. She might be small but she has a big attitude, and loves people. Come and visit with Penelope!
Southern Tier Imperial Choklat Stout
Duke glances at the battered borg.
- peanut butter is your kryptonite;
I might be gagging while I eat it and probably couldn't swallow, but it might be worth it."
So, I shall get to it!
Everyone was having fun except for a little girl who was about three years old. She wore beautiful white dress and had big brown eyes. She stayed close to her big brother who was about seven. I felt compelled to do what I could to help her have fun, too. As I approached her she turned and buried her head into brothers chest. I reached up and grabbed a red balloon that had been positioned high on a tree and offered it to her. After a few fruitless minutes trying to convince her to receive the gift, she cautiously accepted the balloon.
The result was “shrilk,” a moldable, biodegradable substance derived from shrimp shells and silk that is as strong as some aluminum alloys but only half their weight.
But in reality opening up shares in SEOs or contracting out provision of state funded services is just the Trojan horse approach to a wholesale sell-off of public assets to international bankers and pension funds or Multinational providers who already own and control most of the former public assets.
Alright. I have a house full o boys to tend to. Happy Fourth of July to all my fellow Americans. Love you all! :)
Thanks Robert, and have lots of visitors to Malimlin, great for them, good for you.
A voice that cries, ‘The tomb in Palestine
I started making my own laundry detergent, but when I get to the bottom of the jar have been known to buy an eco-friendly jug from time to time. I also use soap nuts as a back-up. My all-natural home made detergent works well, but it needs some tweaks and I need to work on a follow-up on this.
and I will not drown
While reading it one day, my daughter, Kirsten, looked over at it and exclaimed, “Mom, why are you reading it in such a small font? Can you see that!” She showed me her Kindle and I was shocked to see huge font-the kind you can see from over an arm’s length away! I said, “You mean you can enlarge the font?” She laughed. Ever since that day, I was a believer. I have now ordered literally dozens of books from Amazon in every genre except cookbooks and art books. How I love this new and wonderful technology! I will always cherish my home library and still do buy regular bound books but I now prefer to read from my Kindle.
Just thought I'd share it with you as another idea to add to the never-ending ways to keep our lives more organized. Here is a link to my post: http://tami-licious-life.blogspot.com/2011/03/tool-time-tami.html
And here's the real kicker about this whole thing: In her recent article for The Huffington Post, author (and lifelong spinster! Eleanore S. Wells describes the jealousy she's always harbored toward her divorced friends. It wasn't because they'd had at least one shot at marriage, but rather, she says, because divorced people are viewed in a more favorable light than those who have never been married. Wells' recalls a recent dinner party, and her friends comments both shocked and saddened me...
So, my teacher suggests that we select one type of bread and make it until we know it fully. I think I am going to choose french bread. My goal is to make it at least once a week for a while. That means lots of bread to give away! That also means I will be well on my way to fulfilling my New Year's resolution.
Romtelecom: “Pay-TV operators can no longer afford to ignore non-linear content”: We speak to Irina Ariana… bit.ly/JDsgPN
Tidy shuffled uncomfortably in her bunk. “The voyage is going to be over too soon,” she said, half to herself.
Prepare a grill for high-heat cooking, or heat a grill pan over medium-high heat. Set the corn ears on the grill grate directly over the heat source — or in the grill pan. Grill until charred a bit on all sides, turning with tongs once in a while, perhaps 2 to 3 minutes.
Dull, achy feeling in lower abdomen, tending toward left side. Like early AF cramping, before the real deal starts. Eased by rest.
i think things are changing....
“No, I don’t,” he agreed. Need was the wrong word. Because the problem was not his miraculous healing, but the way he had felt. The adrenaline rush, the muscle burn, the amazing feeling of power and strength that ran right into his brain. He had missed it. He missed the rush of being in the middle of an ‘up’ stage of a cycle. He missed the increased power he felt in his every sinew when he was on a down stage of the cycle. He even missed looking like a Greek god in the middle of a football field with all female eyes lusting after him and all males eyes filled with jealousy.
What are your routines like?
“Let the table of them be made in their own presence for a trap” (ver. 23). Like the trap which for Me they set, in giving Me such a draught, let such a trap be for them. Why then, “in their own presence”? “Let the table of them be made for a trap,” would have been sufficient. They are such as know their iniquity, and in it most obstinately do persevere: in their own presence there is made a trap for them. These are they that, being too destructive, “go down into Hell alive.” Lastly, of persecutors what hath been said? Except that the Lord were in us, perchance alive they had swallowed us up. What is alive? Consenting to them, and knowing that we ought not to consent to them. Therefore in their own presence there is made a trap, and they are not amended. Even though in their own presence there is a trap, let them not fall into it. Behold they know the trap, and thrust out foot, and bow their necks to be caught. How much better were it to turn away from the trap, to acknowledge sin, to condemn error, to be rid of bitterness, to pass over into the Body of Christ, to seek the Lord’s glory! But so much prevaileth presumption of mind, that even in their own presence the trap is, and they fall into it. “Let the eyes of them be darkened, that they see not,” followeth here: that whereas without benefit they have seen, it may chance to them even not to see. “Let the table of them,” therefore, “be made in their own presence for a trap.” It is not from one wishing, but from one prophesying: not in order that it may come to pass, but because it will come to pass. This we have often remarked, and ye ought to remember it: lest that which the prescient mind saith in the Spirit of God, it should seem with ill will to imprecate. …Let it then be done to them, “both for a requital and for a stumbling-block.” And is this by any means unjust? It is just. Why? For it is “for a requital.” For not anything would happen to them, which was not owed. “For a requital” it is done, “and for a stumbling-block:” for they are themselves a stumbling-block to themselves. “Let the eyes of them be darkened, that they see not, and the back of them alway bow Thou down” (ver. 24). This is a consequence. For they, whose eyes have been darkened that they see not, it followeth, must have their back bowed down. How so? Because when they have ceased to take knowledge of things above, they must needs think of things below. He that well heareth, “lift up the heart,” a bowed back hath not. For with stature erect he looketh for the hope laid up for him in Heaven; most especially if he send before him his treasure, whither his heart followeth. But, on the other hand, they perceive not the hope of future life; already being blinded, they think of things below: and this is to have a bowed back: from which disorder the Lord delivered that woman. For Satan hath bound her eighteen years, and her that was bowed down He raised up: and because on the Sabbath He did it, the Jews were scandalized; suitably were they scandalized at her being raised up, themselves being bowed. “Pour forth upon them Thine anger, and let the indignation of Thine anger overtake them” (ver. 25), are plain words: but nevertheless, in “overtake them” we perceive them as it were fleeing. But whither are they to flee? Into Heaven? Thou art there. Into Hell? Thou art present. Their wings they will not take to fly straight: “Let the indignation of Thine anger overtake them,” let it not permit them to escape.
- An old worn in comforter
You ignored the box with all the little app icons sticking out of it. You never unpacked it. You, you, BLASPHEMOUS HEATHEN! You are to blame. What else have you done?
Björk Hyperballad IS
Huge thanks to the poets who so generously donated poems:
Planned 10 miles
Narrator No little weed – putting the old one inside a new big one wouldn’t work either. I think the gardener would still notice!
Joyce: No, I think I'll post it on Twitter. ... Darn, now it gave me a blank screen that says it can't connect to the server.
in salient cutting shears jawbone beak.
For the sake of simplicity I’ve been writing this story with the subconscious goal of keeping each section of each chapter in a particular characters head. According to my little yellow Post-It notes in Writer I start slipping from that practice here. I slip into floating point of view briefly at the end of this chapter when I venture inside Roland’s head for a paragraph. The note tells me I should rewrite, but I’ve read this section over and over and I don’t see the slip of POV as distracting. At this point I am desensitized to any writerly wrong doing I may have performed here. I think the chapter flows properly and the brief switch in POV is harmless. However, I’m not an editor and I’m not reading the story for the first time either. What do you guys think? And do you think that because I called your attention to it?
Jenni, the creative genius behind Sparklewren is one of the most - if not the most - talented and innovative corsetieres in the UK today and I am utterly convinced that one day her name will be whispered in the same breath as Mr Pearl in the highest circles of couture - she has already dressed Immodesty Blaize the Queen of British Showgirls.
It's a false sense of protection.
That sort of thing, a boy wishing his adorable teddy bear to life, has been covered by children’s films before. What Mr. MacFarlane has done, is tell the story of what happens after the closing credits of those films roll, telling the story of a thirty-something man, played by Mark Wahlberg, with a potty-mouthed teddy bear by his side, preventing him from fully growing up even though the girl he wants to be with, played by Mila Kunis, wants the bear gone. I love Mr. Wahlberg doing ridiculous comedy while playing the straight man, so I’m certainly looking forward to see what Ted has in store.
71. Due to precipitation, for a few weeks, K2 is taller than Mt. Everest.
He, who I know named Kim Junsu, just walks out from his house. He rubs his arms while shudder in cold. I look at the sky for nth time today. Sun doesn’t show itself since morning. It’s cloudy and drizzle begins to pour. Suddenly, the urge to hug that fragile body and make it warms come to me.
As I looked down the marble-topped work station at the poulardes flambées (the chickens on fire), the smell of burning hair in my nostrils, I realised just how dangerous a place a kitchen full of 14 wannabe chefs can be.
Rinne has ability to see spirits. Due to that unique talent, she’s unable to make friends. The same thing happens to Uzaki Masaharu, the yankee in her class. One day, Rinne was aftering a spirit when a truck passed in front of her. Thank God Uzaki was there to save her. But, he gets his soul out his body because of that. He’s not dead, but the soul can’t return. Seeing that opportunity, a funky God called Keiju possessed Uzaki’s body and turns him to be the school’s cassanova.
Yep Quiet. I am not sure how to adapt to this new "Quiet" house. The 5 older kids started school on Monday. Kassi started full day Kindergarten. And even Caden has Preschool from 11:45 to 3pm. So after he leaves the 2 babies go down for naps and I am almost at a loss as to what to do with myself (besides the obvious cleaning). It is amazing how much you can get done with no kids underfoot or messing things up as quickly as they are cleaned.
As the leaves continue to fall and the cooler nights and days settle in, I'm looking forward to our second winter here with warmer clothes and hopefully a higher tolerance for the cold than last year. We head to ARGH in a few days to hang out with a whole bunch of our unschooling friends and I'm hoping to get some great photos to share here. Thanks for stopping by!
So I’m making this blog. In hopes that maybe some of my wizardry will rub off on you and you too will be able to fix all your electronics just by looking at it. …. and also just to blog.
Well since its been six months or so since I posted, I thought it was time to do a little catching up. You see, I write all these fun post in my head about the happenings of our family, but as a mother of three, sitting down to compose them is a little difficult. I see doing this as me time and I don't really allow myself too much of that because when I'm doing something I want to do, the things I need to do aren't getting done. Oh well. I do need to update and since I currently have four stitches in my left index finger and a broken left second toe, I can allow myself this time. But I digress.. heheh
2: Well here, Taiwan of these other guys. Shopping around – Estonia way to get the best price
My intention is to take time every Wednesday to share with you what I have been creating and the pages I have been turning. My hope is that this will open up a space to help build community here at less & more. I would love to hear about the books you have been reading and to see the projects that have been keeping your hands busy!
Recipes are sometimes like that too. Some works, some don't.
But PHI, which advocates for long-term care workers, tells us that a large percentage work only part-time or for part of the year. Average annual earnings were thus $16,800.
ALAN was great. I got to sit in on several of the sessions and a couple of the break-outs. Would love to be invited back. I think one of the highlights for me was being on a panel titled "It's a Guy Thing," moderated by Kenan Metzger. The other panelists included Martin Chatterton (a very hip British dude), Brent Crawford, Tom Angleberger, and Derrick Barnes. Tom was hilarious! Especially when he introduced the Shipless Pirates in his latest book. But Derrick was, to me, the highlight. He spook about a man's responsibility for his family and his community. And then on the plane back I got to read his latest novel, We Could Be Brothers, in which he writes about two boys, each from opposite ends of the social economic stratus, but they got each other's back, even through the toughest of situations. It's a must read.
3 T cornstarch
What will be your legacy of friendship? I hope that I will be the friend who can comfort you, support you when you are hurt, angry, sad. I hope that I can make you laugh today. I hope that I never intentionally harm a friend to hurt their psyche, their smiling eyes, their heart. I hope that I listen carefully, keep your secrets. I hope that if we are close enough we can be honest with the stories in our hearts and to tell each other if there is spinach in our teeth.
American Conservatism and the American Founding (Durham, North Carolina: Carolina Academic Press, 1983), pp. 48-51. (Source: Item D-XII/4/1980, below. Incorporated in Item C-1987(3), above, pp. 508-11, and in Item B-3, above, pp. 476-79 (1983).)
3. Crocheting a mini blanket and firming up 5 cradles with PVA for Angels on Loan
About promotions...I am awful at it. I would like to play in the States or anywhere for that matter. My dream is to find some people to heal together with.
PRAISE GOD!
3) Does the author’s idea of looking for your own examples and his three reasons for it make sense? Why?
But it might be too late…..the horse done bolt the stable Prakash…Kamla say no referendum for all yuh…further to that this government get fat and full from eating ah food….too many abuses have taken place that you have remained silent on as an “independent” part that claims to be principled….you have to come real good to convince me that you aint still struggling to remain politically relevant while still eating ah food….but thanks for the excitement on the news!
Double D. was a strong advocate for motorcycle safety and awareness. He was the lead program manager and instructor for Las Vegas Harley-Davidson’s Rider’s Edge® Training Course and an instructor for Southern Nevada Community College. Double D. was tragically killed when a driver swerved to miss a ladder in the road on highway 95 on September 21, 2007. Several motorcyclists have been killed in the past few weeks. Motorcycle fatalities are increasing in the Vegas Valley, often due to road hazards or four-wheeled vehicles.
He added: "If David don't fight me, I am going to physically burn him."
Without doubt one of the best food documentary films I've ever seen, Jiro Dreams of Sushi will be released across Australia by Curious Distribution on 10 May 2012.
It was a soggy drive to work, including a detour due to flooding. I bet the Environment Agency regret putting out the Drought warning the day it started raining! Work was fine, I had a banana and peanut butter for breakfast, and cheese salad for lunch. Not too bad!
APBP is a group for professionals and consultants using their skills and talents to make a difference in their communities through philanthropic pro bono services. We offer skilled and professional pro bono services to nonprofits, not-for-profits, and public entities.
Jim Clamper whipped
Accessories: Circle Cutter, Twill Tape, Metallic Brads, Paper Distressing Tool
Adamson rocked back in his chair, continually impressed by American ergonomics, thinking that right about now might be a good moment to consider retirement. He could go out on a high, having played a major role in foiling an international conspiracy. Hell, he’d probably even get a medal of some description. He could almost picture himself at Windsor Castle, waiting in line to receive a gong from the Queen. DI Hawthorne would be able to watch it on telly. The thought of it made Adamson grin like a madman.
Elaine
Spellbinders Labels eight and then
There are those subtle things that I do in my own mind or to my own body that will cause my orgasms to expand and blossom into rich vibrant experiences. Simple things that I do to my body or think about that causes intense pleasure; pleasure so intense that my legs tremble and my asshole tingles as ecstasy rushes into me. Pleasure that is so excruciating it makes my prostate quiver as the orgasm squeezes it and causes pre cum to drool from my cock.
Would you believe me?
Last night was 1st Thursday in Fayetteville. No Underground. I miss it. I miss the other artists. Saddness.
Nondescript little dive. Its best quality is its location, since it’s about a mile from our house. They have Boulevard Stout on tap in addition to Pale and Wheat, and that’s about it. The epitome of the unintimidating dive. Hardly anyone in there during our visits (early evening), so it was difficult to judge clientele.
I'm just at that happy point of reading right now where I'm not getting impatient with my books (Must read more! Faster! NOW!) but nor am I getting bogged down, or struggling to engage with them. In fact, if I can only keep my reading mojo at this perfect level, this summer's madcap holiday period could be a smooth ride indeed - I'll just stick my nose in a book and not come out until it's over! :)
17. Black Girls
What were we talking about? Oh yes! Putting up with your room mate!
Luke: No, no, that's alright. It kind of helps me out if those guys have low morale, if you get where I'm coming from here.
Oh the dilemma...
Will the Democrats be able to resist the lobbyists? I am skeptical. That's why I will be paying close attention to Nancy Pelosi and the Democratic Party as the 110th Congress gets started.
Speaking of YouTube… (I have one segue, people. Take what you can get. Or leave me segue suggestions in the comments.) I can’t quite remember how I came across this. The most likely candidates are Twitter (I follow strange and wonderful people) and the suggestion sidebar on YouTube (I watch strange and wonderful things on YouTube). Either way, this is definitely in the running to greatest/weirdest thing on YouTube that doesn’t involve a cat:
PLEASE VIEW THIS BEAUTY called DARK FLAMENCO, LARGE, by clicking on the image.
70 & 80 degree gorgeous weather :: walk with Pete and Bella :: end of year hockey party ::
The front yard was a narrow 2.5m corridor which is hard to furnish. A second wall fronting the original living room wall was also demolished to create the new L- shaped Patio.
Of poems
Historian, speaker and columnist Jane Hampton Cook (http://www.janecook.com/) is the bestselling author of Stories of Faith and Courage from the Revolutionary War, The Faith of America’s First Ladies, and the upcoming co-authored book, Stories of Faith and Courage from Iraq (2009).
Limit query parallelism by table -- Suppose that you want to make dynamic queries targeting table ABC candidates for parallelism, while preventing parallelism for dynamic queries accessing other tables. This could be done pretty easily be assigning the table space associated with table ABC to its own buffer pool, and leaving the value of that pool's VPPSEQT parameter at the default of 50 (or specify a value greater than 50, if you want -- more on this momentarily). Set the value of VPPSEQT to zero for your other buffer pools, and parallelism for queries targeting tables in table spaces assigned to those pools will be disabled as a result.
*While YouTube CAN help me wind my bobbin...it CANNOT help me actually sew.*
And big huge props to Kristen Wiig!!! She is most improved.
But there are good business reasons to keep using age statements. Whiskey enthusiasts are a small cadre but we buy a lot of whiskey. We like age statements. We know they aren't the only measure of a whiskey's quality or character, and we know older isn't necessarily better, but it's like any other information. Assuming it is factual and reliable, the more information you have about something, the easier it is to make a purchase decision.
Much love to all, Maltese or not
This recipe was simply too good to not share with as many people as possible, so I've posted it below. The only special comment I have regarding the recipe is be sure to read the entire recipe before you begin any steps. I always fall for not doing that, and sure enough, I missed a kind-of-important beginning step, which was to be sure and cut the zucchini and then sprinkle it with salt and let it sit for about 10 minutes before broiling it. This will help zap out moisture, as zucchini is known for retaining a lot of water. Other than that, the steps are easy and it's basically the same process as making lasagna the traditional way.
My husband has had 4 back surgeries awaiting the 5th one
5. Bake for 30 to 35 minutes or until a wooden toothpick inserted near center comes out clean. (For cupcakes, bake for about 15 minutes or until light brown.)
feels
Down one of the corridors stood a beautiful woman, sheltering some children. I knew her. In a world of sepia-toned shadows, her face glowed brilliantly with calm and sweetness. She had long curly hair down to her shoulders.
Following the Whisky show we will be in Tempe, AZ for the raddest Cinco De Mayo celebration in the west at Macayo’s Cantina and then we will be returning to Hollywood to start pre-production on our new record!
9. I went to bed at 9:30 pm
R - Our publication date is April 8th. Easter day, in honour of the pagan Goddess, Estra.
We cycled to our local park and were the only people playing tennis on the six court.
Group A
The acting is difficult to judge in a film like this as it is supposed to be over-the-top and unrealistic. The cast had potential to be hilarious, with the likes of Ken Joeng (The Hangover, Knocked Up, Role Models), Diedrich Bader (The Drew Carey Show, Office Space), Ike Barinholtz (Mad TV), and Dave Foley (The Kids in the Hall, Newsradio), but these actors were almost all underutilized by the directors. The only actor above who was used well was Deidrich Bader (who played Becca’s father). This is not the actors’ fault, obviously, but the directors’.
I've created several new items that will work their way into my shop over this weekend. Some of them are already in my Etsy shop. But a couple are being introduced here for the first time. If you see one you like, email or convo and I'll set up a reserved order for you.
I deeply believe that our eyes enclose the meaning of who we are, and reveal it in a subtle way. What I learned from life - and also through my acting experience - is that the eyes and the eyes only can guarantee a complete and profound emotional connection with the person standing before us.
I’m just about keeping up with my music, I can hit play on iTunes and it all gets played about 10 times before the month is up, and I have 90 new Emusic downloads to listen to.
Now what kind of filling? I looked through lots of my recipes and finally decided on a family recipe for Chocolate Meringue Pie. I can remember sitting at my great-great aunt's table eating a piece of this pie along with a glass of cold milk after playing the piano for her. (As an aside, she left her piano to me. It is a Cable-Nelson Upright Grand that was made around 1906. The piano has lived with me since she crossed in 1974, but just this last Christmas I passed it on to Abbey.)
(Paulo Sergio Valle, Marcos Valle)
You could get really ambitious and make 5 of each freezable recipe. You won't have to cook on the weekends ever again!!
Friday night though, I set up the trainer, climbed aboard...and Mike freaked out. Apparently the trainer, even when on the area rug, vibrates the entire house - and probably our neighbor's house too. (We have a shared wall)
This is a rare, specifically non-fiction post. Except it isn't really, as the boundary between fiction and non-fiction is very - shall we say - blurred; imprecise.
Time turns our thoughts to higher things
Whether standing or walking, seated or lying down
and as I was putting it together it looked like a tiger.
Twenty years old and on my second trip to Europe, here is an excerpt of what I wrote to my parents after staying with the family of Eric, the Parisian exchange student whom we had hosted the previous summer:
Director: Donald Hartman, Rudolph Mate
1) I don't need to find religion, I have my own thank you. 2) I am not trying to judge, but if you ever tell my children that if they want to go to Heaven and be with their family we have to be part of your faith I will kick you in your face. 3) That last one's not a threat.. it is a promise. 4) Next time you come, I am gonna ask you to hold my cigarette and glass of wine (I don't smoke but I will have no problem opening a bottle of wine at 10 AM.. just for you). 5) No, I don't want your papers that you are peddling. yes my kids do trick or treat and we do celebrate Christmas. Don't like it.. don't visit.
His Ray Bans, and is now lost.
On late arrival at Ermita, we checking on Rivera Mansion Hotel, where behind Hyatt Hotel and along the Madinini Street. A lot of hotel, 7'eleven (where can get cheapest food and drinks neither-less also halal for Muslim), Casino us just front our hotel, Robinson Mall just a few block, Chinese Temple and night life just along this street.
While I often fail to recognize people when I see their faces, I can recognize the way they walk from the back or their handwriting or voice or scent.
Dega: I wasn't going to tell you guys, but I had a dream that Richie put me and Ponder in a muffin making contest.
“Properly planned vegan diets are healthy, nutritionally adequate and may provide health benefits in the prevention and treatment of many diseases,” said Vandana Sheth, a registered dietitian and nutrition educator in Rancho Palos Verdes, Calif., and a spokeswoman for the American Dietetic Association.
The Geneva Bible was one of the most historically significant translations of the Bible into the English language, preceding the KJV by 51 years. It was the primary Bible of the 16th century Protestant movement and the Bible used by William Shakespeare, Oliver Cromwell, John Milton, John Knox and John Bunyan in Pilgrims Progress. The Geneva Bible was the primary Bible of the Pilgrims who founded America and used by the Ironsides soldiers of Oliver Cromwell during the English Civil War.
At the cemetery Staniero comes to see him to tell him about the killings in town. Francesco is a suspect but they have already a man who confessed to the killings at the hospital after trying to kill himself. Francesco is not happy that someone stole his crimes and goes to the hospital. He discovers it is his friend Franco from the council. Francesco shoots a nun a doctor and a nurse dead while talking to his friend. When he leaves the hospital is in chaos because there is a madman killing people. He meets Staniero who sees him with a gun but still fails to make the connection between Francesco and the killings.
The Nestling Sparrow wants to come live in your cave with you, and as I am willing to ship him off, I think you should give me your location. If you eat the Nestling Sparrow, please don't bother telling me; I'd rather not know. I'll just think of him, all happy and laughing, while I finally lay down to get some fucking sleep.
Wakame
I have not worked on the Cousins Recipe Book at all lately..it is on my radar. I had been working on it late at night. I just want to get it over with!
You may want to hire an inspector to help you as you do your renovations, something typically only done when purchasing a new home on the market. If you are not an expert, you may miss certain repairs that need to be done. That is why having an inspector help you is so beneficial. You might need a new roof, or you may need to add insulation to your home – an inspector will be able to point this out to you. Inspectors will be able to show you which items need to be fixed and also help you avoid repairing things that can wait until later. These individuals are a fantastic investment that will save you money because of their experience and knowledge.
Simultaneously this past week I've been thinking about being stuck. About being unable to go any further, finding oneself in a rut, or just being afraid of moving into new areas of growth and healing. I believe that God wants to see us whole and living our best life, and I believe that when two or more gather and ask for that wholeness, He will provide.
~A pair of matching chairs
“You want us to let ‘em fly off, Sarge?” the Ranger who had made the shot through the cargo hold of the Blackhawk responded.
It was just about this time that the idea of reforming the healthcare system came to the forefront. For the next several months congress fought this issue back and forth, with the Republicans adding little to no actual policy suggestions, but instead repeating the message that the whole bill should be scrapped and the process started anew (euphemism for “kill the bill”). Republicans did not want healthcare reform; both because they thought jobs and the economy should be the number one focus of congress, and also because they – like Democrats in congress – had insurance and prescription drug lobbyists breathing down their necks, and stuffing money in their drawers. So the president did what he could to remain above the fray, while reasserting to both Democrats and Republicans alike, that this was going to be the most comprehensive healthcare reform in the last 50 years, and that they needed to figure out how to bolster care, provide options, and reduce costs. Republicans wanted nothing to do with this, so Democrats were left to fight this battle out themselves and suffered devastating scars from the battle.
Brekkie at Hive Beach café on the Sunday, before taking Tania to Dorchester station – sitting outside in the sunshine, listening to the crashing of the waves...then walking on the beach and marveling at the cliffs. It was a wedding anniversary - I got home, knackered, to a huge bunch of flowers, and supper cooking...lucky me.
Crist then relates more on the symposium's concern with the female child and the alleged fact that images of women with "full bosom and rounded hips", along with the comic book violence, are dangerous to the adolescent girl's "fear of sex and her sometimes resulting frigidity". Jeez! Who knew???
Just look at it!!! That black! Rich and deep. Absolutely perfect. So if you only want a few yards each of a lot of colors, Lizbeth is a go! BUT, I'm saying this for the millionth time, Red Heart size 30=super awesome and cheap for home dyeing. 30 really is perfect. But yeah, the Lizbeth turned out pretty great. The only thing is that it's still tricky to dye different colors unless you have some SUPER strong dyes.
I can do without potato chips. They don’t do much for me. I never buy them for myself. I sometimes eat them if they come with a meal that was provided for me or if I just feel too lazy to ask for a substitution.
Every movie has a message, whether it wants to have one or not. In Tim Burton’s ALICE IN WONDERLAND, the message is this: You have to do what’s expected of you before you can do what you want. As messages go, it’s not a bad one, especially in early 21st century America, where it seems everyone is expected to either go to college, join the military, or get a low-paying, hard-working job. Societies tend to work this way; the general populace wants to watch films about individualists but they don’t want them mucking up the agreed-upon system. The hope of Burton’s message is that you have to earn your own path – but it is a path that is attainable. Just do what others want until you have enough capital to tell them you’re flying away.
Our May workshop will be mentored by Kat Zhang, so mark your calendar for noon on Saturday and get your entries ready!
Frequent gym users are well aware of the problems that may present themselves in the way of athlete’s foot and jock itch. However, these are easy to treat, unlike community acquired methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus (CA–MRSA) which can be dangerous to your health. MRSA, is an antibiotic resistant bacteria and can be life threatening if not caught in time and didn’t treated with high potency antibiotics.
Sorry dudes, I sometimes feel a bit like posting a dull post is worse than no post at all. But heck, you can always stop reading. Plus my day-to-day life is probably duller than I realise, so silly lists aren't that much of a disappointment.
The feast felt like hours, as we drank ourselves into a stupor. Some boys ending kissing the serving girls. The man came through, eyeing people off with his stern face and big grey beard, telling them it was time to be quiet and to sit down, I finished off my tenth goblet of wine by the time the halls were silent.
One of the grooms tacked her up and told me that she is big strided and can get strong. Hmmm...sounds familiar. I kind of laughed and told them that actually my horse is a little bigger than her believe it or not and she is just the same. The short description of her in our rider packet also said sometimes she likes to go long and get flat so I planned on keeping her packaged up nicely.
His comments riled many netizens, prompting them to write in to Fairmont Hotel to complain about Mr Tan.
1 T olive oil
Deque viro factus, mirabile, femina septem
Los Angeles County sheriff’s deputies brutalized inmates on multiple occasions and their supervisors failed to take complaints of the abuse seriously,say sworn declarations from two chaplains and a Hollywood producer who volunteered in the jails, reports the Los Angeles Times. Two volunteers said they heard deputies yell “stop fighting” as deputies pummeled inmates who appeared to be doing nothing to fight back.
Thankfully, though they do wake each other up occasionally, and although nap time has officially turned into "rest time," they are doing well with the transition.
11. Ethiopians Live It Out
"Go Sell Crazy Somewhere Else, This Mom Is All Stocked Up" (but that was stolen from a movie.)
But the night is bright and cheery,
As my GB has grown older our roles have reversed. The grunts of adolescence have been exchanged for lively conversation, genuine interest and concern for my well being. Those frustrating days when his favourite response, 'good', 'fine' and the multi purpose 'ok' - which really meant ' don't ask me anymore', 'don't mention it again', 'I get it' and 'are you ever going to stop asking me this' - are over. I never thought I would see the day when we could have lengthy chats about all and nothing. I am less protective and more confident that he can fight his own battles and make the right decisions. I see myself asking for his opinion and valuing his answers; I can even imagine, in the not too distant future, seeking his wise counsel. The little boy who needed looking after is now the one watching out for his mother.
i'd say the incredible shrinking yard, but our yard is about an acre. as we get deep into the dog days of summer, everything is lush, very green and beautiful.
"Well, I invited her over to my place,
I got him a new wallet, dress socks (I'm sure he really wanted those) which I took off the tag for and instead made my own from kraft paper, a tie from tieobsessed on Etsy which was beautiful, and I crocheted him a laptop case. Candy and baked goods were also a part of this.
If you’re a music nerd, go to Fingerprints. They have any used concert DVD, CD, Book, record, t-shirt, button, etc. that you could ever want and they keep the prices low enough for the type of people who want those things to be able to afford. It is a large, sunny space that sometimes hosts live performances ranging from local bands to the Foo Fighters. I want to be there now.
Except no one knows where he is. And those who do know, aren't saying.
Juices sipped through salted lips
"There is a certain Icelandic mentality which adheres to the DIY spirit," explains Siggi Baldursson, the country's most famous drummer, who achieved acclaim in the Sugarcubes along with Björk. "It's a bit of an honour to come and play here," he adds.
Now, except sapling splinters—
My head is simply a mess of words undone
The occasion was the opening of the IBM Building in New York. The composer conducted the Columbia Broadcasting System's orchestra, and this set is a memento. It opens with a spoken introduction that oddly starts in the middle of a thought - apparently it is an excerpt of an address at the opening ceremony, or such is my supposition.
Before we ate with the princess she dressed like a Princess and Jack had a tux t-shirt on (as seen at the top of the page)
The chooks are not impressed, however. And frankly, I'm really ready for spring myself! Have a good weekend, everyone. And really, if you'd like some pancetta green beans, there's a big bowl in the fridge. Just help yourself!
What is life like in your zoo? Here is what it is like at the zoo here.
I got up this morning and finished my card. Here it is. Our lovely host Sarah Gough has designed a wonderful sketch for you to follow for our challenge this week. I love this sketch and think it will be one that I use again - such pretty layers! I used a bit of my retired (hoarded) Blue Bayou with some Basic Grey DP and a Spellbinders die to create the snowflake. Two different SU sets were used to stamp snowflakes with white craft ink and the tiny snowflakes are from a Martha border punch. The sentiment and the Victorian ornament are from Prairie Fairy and the flower and the crinkle ribbon were hand dyed using Rose Red reinker. Some Rock Candy distress stickles and Crystal Effects finished it off.
This movie is stupid! Everything about it is horrible. It makes the other ones I’ve reviewed look like masterpieces in comparison. Hellraiser: Bloodline? More like Hellraiser: Bled Out. There was no coherency here – it was a big mess of epic proportions. I mean, even if I’m supposed to take it that this was intended to be the very last Hellraiser film ever, and no one had plans to do any more, it’s still a giant pile of suck. The meager 85-minute runtime is padded out to ridiculous levels with nonsense like Pinhead’s speeches, the garbage with Angelique doing stuff despite her storyline going nowhere in the end and of course the scenes of the military guys hiding from the cenobites – seriously, it’s worthless. Padding so fluffed up it might as well be thicker than the actual substance of the movie.
To avoid that, Training and Doctrine Command held a year-long, servicewide survey of 40,000 soldiers. From that survey, TRADOC officials in April published the “Army Profession Campaign Annual Report,” which highlights a force trying to adapt back to garrison life and figure out how more than a decade of combat has altered the service.
Throughout the novel I cheered for the leading couple to get it together and become true people who loved each other. Day doesn’t disappoint but it takes a while to get there. The struggle of finding oneself was rewarding for the reader as the outcome makes this an enjoyable romance.
Yes, you have done well Mr Edgar Wright. Spunk that budget up the wall. Because true success isn’t just measured by arse impressions on cinema seats.
ocean and felt like silk. A sharp wit, infectious laugh, and the tenacity of a
Characters: Eleventh Doctor, Amy Pond, Rory Williams, Daniel Jackson, Jack O’Neill, Teal’c, Sam Carter
Here are some ideas, you might find others that work for you.
I can invite, seek to persuade, encourage, teach, point and pray. But there is only so much I can do. And the great weight of this life God carries, and only He can change and control and redeem.
I want to make it perfectly clear that, as you are aware, I am not part, or linked, or connected to the Suidlanders, any volkstaat movement or self-determination movement or any political movement / organisation and I doubt I ever will be.
I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to go into panic when things don’t go my way as I have planned
Thanks11 - 10% off everything in store
My PSP is using my reusable filtering water bottle instead of buying plastic bottles when I need to drink water. By doing my PSP for about four weeks now I have a feeling that I have added a good change to my life since my PSP was easy to adapt to. When walking around campus or hanging with my friend and we talked about my bottle, I feel like some of them do like the idea of using it. Actually some of them asked me to try it’s water. Since I don’t know anyone else using that same bottle, I would say I have cut out my usage of plastic water bottles for four weeks now. Since I used to buy a bottle of water everyday and stopped doing that for the four weeks I had my bottle, the number of bottles which I would have bought would be 20 bottles which would cost me 25 dollars. Since I cut using those bottles, the waste of the society would be less which would make us a more sustainable society.
For example: 3 John 1:2 has been wrongfully used to teach people that God wants them to be both healthy and wealthy. KJV: ‘Beloved, I wish above all things that thou mayest prosper and be in health, even as thy soul prospereth’.
Looked the quotes as you walk in too.
The rain came in early June. With rain came mosquito, and the threat of malaria. What the lion couldn’t do, mosquitoes did. The camp was withdrawn, construction was postponed.
79 is a typical BSF house by which I mean it’s built with great care and lots of quality but has the standard layout and nothing that makes me covet it. Whether its new price will convince you that you need this house is, of course, up to you. Certainly there are a lot of homes in the $5.5-$7.5 range to choose from, so take your pick and drive your bargain.
So, with Spain today, we have a totally unregulated banking system sitting atop HALF of ALL Spanish mortgages after a housing bubble that makes the one that happened in the US look like a small bump.
Say what you will about Lady Gaga, the girl can create moments. Leaps and bounds ahead of the rest of her 2011 album, this song was an instant classic the minute Haley Reinhart opened her mouth to sing it on Idol and Gaga followed with a performance of it the following week. Beautiful piano, screamtastic chorus, just… so incredible. Everyone needs to get off their hipster high horses and embrace the Gaga.
Now I'm 21 years, I might make 22
I took my cardstock and scored it 4 times width-wise at 2, 4, 8 and 10 inches apart. Then I turned the cardstock so it was vertical and at 2-1/2 inches, I cut from one score line to the other one. I did this on both sides.
Tony Greenstein
Dietary approaches for ovarian cancer include vegetarianism, the raw food diet, and macrobiotics. Cancer diets generally emphasize raw and fresh fruits, vegetables, whole grains, beans, and peas.
Ontario, CA 91764
Micky Schembri
All very symbolic, no doubt, but I can't help thinking that if a White person had spoken of his "community's" pride that "one of their own" had succeeded to public office, there might well have been something of a reaction. Suppose, for example, that that nice Mr Griffin had succeeded in his bid to become MP for Barking and had noted that the pubs of Barking were heaving with happy English folk celebrating the fact that "one of us" was now representing them.
And not surprisingly, the ubiquitous O. Henry did time in the Travis County Jail.
Alshon Jeffery, WR, South Carolina
then went after you
I’ve decided instead to share with you a little nugget of news that might not have gone very far, about Scotland’s internet status. There have been fresh efforts to lobby for a .scot web domain, led mainly by the Dot Scot Registry, with the backing of the Scottish Government (the UK government is considering whether to support the bid). The Dot Scot Registry has been lobbying for this since its inception in 2009, and a golden opportunity is fast approaching.
Wakes each day with a desire to write
So I’m not going to post for a few days. Probs until Sunday, maybe later.
Ever wondered why they were there?
Michelle Dicinoski is a writer of poetry and creative non-fiction which has appeared in journals, newspapers, and anthologies, including The Best Australian Poems, The Australian Literary Review, and Meanjin. Michelle is working on a memoir called Ghost Wife which examines same-sex marriage, belonging, and the ghostly family histories that haunt us.
I forgot to ask her if he came with a horse.
Don't worry.
I find that the only thing that has been helping is to write it out, but in turn this only makes it worse.
“And we thought maybe it was a tick that would stabilize later on. But every year since then it’s been about 80 percent. It wasn’t just a flash in the pan it was a permanent change.”
For some time now, abortion has been a topic of much controversy throughout the United States. The subject has breached its way into our discussions of politics, religion, health, education, and almost any other sector you can imagine. In truth, abortion has been discussed so much and so fiercely throughout the country in the last several decades that it has become something of a cliché topic. But, nonetheless, abortion is discussed throughout the news, internet, blogosphere, and television, and, it should be. Since the iconic 1973 Supreme Court case Roe v. Wade, abortion has been legal in one way or another throughout every state in the United States. However, even with major steps in a positive direction for woman’s health and a woman’s right to choose, abortion laws remain difficult to bear in many states. Now, it’s clear by now that I’m not coming at this issue from an unbiased standpoint. I agree with a woman’s right to choose and I would like to discuss the Texas state laws concerning abortion and how they affect a woman wishing to obtain an abortion for whatever reason.
Just a quick heads up that we are again putting on a beer and food matching evening, with a little twist this time. Each of the beers will be from the newly established Brecon Brewing, and each of the dishes will involve cooking with beer (or cider in one example). The scary bit is I'll be cooking instead of taking part this time!
Porous borders in Afghanistan allow frequent trafficking to occur between it and Pakistan. Many girls are trafficked from refugee camps and end up in sexual exploitation or forced labour.
We have been endeavouring to let normal timetabled lectures continue, however these were relocated despite our wishes. So that education could continue, we arranged alternative lectures by inviting lecturers from Newcastle and Northumbria Universities to give talks and workshops. We regret the disruption caused by the University in response to our occupation. This has been a large factor in our decision to end the occupation and allow Fine Art students to finish the year uninterrupted.
I help the children finish their homework quickly so I can begin making a delicious and nutritious meal for my family. That family of mine with whom I lovingly chat with about their day as well as crack jokes and playful teasing. I still have time to clean up the dinner mess before we rush off for their sports that night. There, I will sit in the cold rain and watch them practice a sport they sort of like. I will not sit in my van to Facebook, or read, or write tomorrow’s list of things to do, or make a grocery list. No. I sit and watch them.
Also, there are much better ways to remove the problem of failure being boring or out of genre. For example, look at Leverage, where character stats are insanely high, so failure almost never happens, and when it does only causes complications, not failure (and complications can happen even if you succeed, so you get to feel awesome AND have interesting failures). Or look at Smallville, where nobody can actually fail at anything, randomly. Success and failure operate outside the dice roll, but the dice roll is still important and emulative. Smallville doesn’t quite work for mysteries (unless both the detective and the criminal are PCs) but it’s another interesting approach to success (or really failure – it happens a lot in Smallville, but not because of the dice, but because success would destroy the angst – in many ways, soap operas are the opposite of mysteries, because they thrive on nobody finding out anything). Both games also have no sense of damage, with failure ALWAYS meaning complications, which removes much of the issue of downbeats anyway – you can’t stop the story if failure is never dull. It’s not unlike Paranoia and Warhammer where you look forward to failing because it was more hilarious that way.
“Breaking Open is a weekly group where students come together to look at scripture for upcoming Sunday and share in fellowship with one another,” Visser said.
Mommy Tyme will be sending one lucky winner a Green Tea Sea Salt Scrub Bar- this is an extra hard, extra long lasting, low lather bar made with aloe oil, aloe gel, mineral sea salts, coconut oil, jojoba oil, glycerin, avocado and cucumber base and more... Skin loving ingredients!
The politicians in Africa have titles like Junior Jesus, Servants of the Poor, Friend of the Poor, King of Africa but they are all lies. None of them cares for the poor but their own stomach. Because they care only for their interests, that is why the people have no jobs, no incomes, no savings and have no place to lay their heads. That is why farmers continue to farm using hoes and cutlasses, rely on nature to plant their crops; and have no access to improved seeds, irrigation facilities and credit. That is why children go to school barefooted, on an empty stomach and attend classes under trees while the politicians' children receive education in Europe and America.
Trifles
the bricks with Perfect Medium and embossed
We shall be sister blogs, always sharing the little adventures we are constantly having with each other.
Students Representative Council (SRC) president Amanda Ngwenya said that although the incident has been well covered by the media, the UCT community needed to recognise what had happened.
Chloe has made arrangements to go to Georgia at the end of the month. She will first visit the Traaseths in Gainesville and then Steph and Rick in Athens. The rest of us are envious.
and you ain’t never gonna perform in Brissy .. the valley or Real talk..
I'm nearly at the end of Margaret George's novel, Elizabeth I. As a novelist, George isn't subject to a biographer's rules, but she's also pretty scrupulous about the facts. Everybody walks through these pages—Raleigh, the Cecils, Shakespeare, John Donne. Some of them get into bed with each other. But George doesn't stretch the truth too far—at least for my taste. Her portrait of an aging Elizabeth, prone to all the pains of getting old, is superb. Any time I thought I was having a bad day, I thought, At least I'm not dealing with the Armada. Or Essex. Or Ireland. Or famine. Or Mary Queen of Scots…Visit Mariah Fredericks's website.
Gregory: you’re a woman
Quick cut to Romance of Black Grief, again with the giant farting bass of death leading the ballad. Mizutani sounds like he is playing through an AM/FM clock radio behind the overwhelming bass on this track. Mizutani is thankfully in tune and making up for the bass dominance, singing sweetly - until it cuts off in the middle of the verse. I guess our 50 minutes were up . . .
The Four Horsemen of Banking (Bank of America, JP Morgan Chase, Citigroup and Wells Fargo) own the Four Horsemen of Oil (Exxon Mobil, Royal Dutch/Shell, BP Amoco and Chevron Texaco); in tandem with other European and old money behemoths. But their monopoly over the global economy does not end at the edge of the oil patch. According to company 10K filings to the SEC, the Four Horsemen of Banking are among the top ten stockholders of virtually every Fortune 500 corporation.
Until all my friends show up whose kids are from the other school, which is totally who’s colors I’m wearing!
Here are 30 completed mauve colourway squares.
Millvard LJ. The transition to motherhood in an organizational context : an interpretative phenomenological analysis. Journal of Occupational and Organizational Psychology 2006; 79: 315-333.
These are located just off of the beginning of the 3 mile drive, over by a pond that has a statue of a pelican in it. These steps used to be wood and dirt till this year.
from where you left off - again.
Edgar Allan Poe – The Facts in the Case of M. Valdemar
It isn't fifty-fifty.
And of course, there was Richard Ruch, famed Victory regular, who appeared to be checking all the seats along the bar, looking for his new spot. When that happens, Victory will truly be re-opened, and things will be back to normal. Great job, Ron and Bill!
It is said, indeed, that the Turks are, among themselves, faithful and friendly and careful to tell the truth. I believe that, and I think that they probably have more fine virtues in them than that. No man is so bad that there is not something good in him. Now and then a woman of the streets has good qualities that scarcely ten honorable matrons have. So the devil would have a cloak and be a fair angel, an angel of light; therefore he hides behind certain works, that are works of the light. Murderers and robbers are more faithful and friendly to each other than neighbors are, nay, more so than many Christians. For if the devil keeps the three things – lies, murder, and disregard of marriage – as the real foundation of hell, he can easily tolerate, nay, help, that fleshly love and faithfulness shall be built upon it, as precious stones (though they are nothing but hay and straw), though he knows well that nothing of them will remain through the fire. f123 On the other hand, where true faith, true government, true marriage are, he tries earnestly that little love and fidelity may appear and little be shown, so that he can put the foundation to shame and have it despised.
Janet Chapman is a talented author that has an endearing series of Highlander stories that are a must read if you love magic, time travel, kilts (I know I do!!), Scottish love and exciting plots. I started with her Highlander series and then moved on to read her Midnight Bay series, which incorporates some characters from the Highlander series.
Maraal burst out crying. “It's not a weapon, it's a toy.” She sobbed. “I want to go home”.
I am not a fan of headless covers, but the darkness before him and the tattoo just makes it hot
“Both of my parents were killed in an Orc raid upon my people,” Brulee said stiffly, from behind her. Creme’s breath caught in her throat. “I pray each night for their souls to be watched by the Light, as I do for my brother and ever other friend who has left this world and as I will do for your mother.” Creme watched as the Draenei’s hands tightened on the reigns. “Do not be so quick to judge the experiences of others, lest you also be judged by them.”
Why go?
Article 27: If the parties wish to make a statement or a pleading, they should raise their statement or pleading, as well as the relevant facts, reasons and evidence before the copyright administrative management entity within seven days after notification of the defendant, or within 30 days of the day of issuance of the announcement. If the parties did not exercise their right statement or pleading within this period, they will be regarded as having renounced the right.
Keep watching for the release date, and have fun with the blog hop!
Anyway after the cleanout and a venture out into the sunlight, I have spent the rest of the evening perfecting my Beyonce dance moves. Yes, I do watch Beyonce videos on repeat just to pick up moves. I’m rubbish and shy but when she comes on in a club I become a different person and have to act out parts of the videos.
We had suddenly become not UN troops and journalists but Westerners, Israel's allies, an object of hatred and venom.
If it isn’t clear from my opening paragraph, I avoid revealing the identities of my subjects on this blog. Tonight I gave my friends the option of creating their alter egos, which is how our hosts came to be known as Genevieve and You Think of Something. Also in attendance were the couple Pancho and Pippin, their roommate Habib, and the youngster Lampshade, who is about to celebrate his twenty fifth birthday.
I'm a huge fan of fantasy and Scifi and the stories about Atlantis and the Bermuda Triangle have been firm favourites of mine since I was about 13years old! So when it came to designing some projects to give you ideas for what you can do with border stamps by Lost Coast Designs I was immediately inspired by the borders that seemed to have the feeling of water and my art card story developed from there. So come with me on my Creative Adventure and delve into the mystery...
So, after hours of sorting through the bins and auditioning different fabrics, I found 2 sets that would work. Choosing the thread for the fins didn’t take as long. I decided on a bright pink for one set and, of course, I had a darker pink and a lighter pink but not the shade I wanted. So I embroidered the fins with the darker shade and then changed the bobbin and top thread to the lighter shade and embroidered over the first colour, leaving a lot of it to show through. The overall effect is now the right shade.
It would be cool to tweet what game your playing or post on fb every time you win gold and collect an achievement.
Oh yeah! Last year I was really Spicin' Things Up in the Kitchen! It was Hot Hot! Nope, the hubs and I weren't getting all romantical, we were installing tin into our cabinet for our spices! Get your heads out of the gutter!!
for the New Year from all the DT
Not everyone gets the chance to have Box Seats at the Kentucky Derby that is Hollywood - let alone ride in it. Well, I not only rode in that race, I rode the horse with a track record of being a winner, time and time again. Pictured (left to right) Julie Link, Senior VP of Relativity, me, Tom Forman, President of Relativity, and Adriane Hopper, President of En Light Productions whom is in co-production with this project.
Now to buy show gear. Yikes! We will be looking for consignment for sure!
When Gina can't get past the heartbreak of her life, she throws herself into her work. She becomes very successful at doing things on her terms in her own way; and prefers to work alone. Then a man with a deep muffled voice contacts her and makes it clear he's that he's been watching her and challenges her to solve rhyming clues for a shot at revealing his identity. A Federal agent, the handsome Joey Zicara, is assigned to assist and protect her. That changes everything.
It is, the very woman, who now is responsible of moulding and inspiring the young, the importance of education and the importance of being able to get that job which pays for the roof over their head, the bills that comes like clockwork every time and the food that is put on the table.
As we drove up, it was neat to have the state capitol right in front of our eyes! David wanted us to swing in but we weren't sure if they just let anyone in, plus I'm sure Jon would rather wait for a republican to be running the joint first.
That little thing on the top left is a book I made.
Saturday night, as Leo and I finished our final drinks and waited on our to-go food from the bar we hang out at now (Nick & Jake's on 135th, in case anyone is wondering. The bar scene there on a Saturday night is mildly ridiculous.), we talked about what movie we were gonna watch when we got home.
The other day, I was watching the (surprisingly funny) show New Girl, and the gorgeous character Julia was wearing black nail polish. Instead of looking goth, her black polish looked grown-up and sexy. Since then, black nail polish has been popping up everywhere: pretty girls around town, celebrities at events, even the finalists on The Bachelor. :) What do you think? Would you wear it?
The maximum per child credit they can get is $1,000. If the credit, plus other deductions reduces their tax liability to less than zero, they can get a portion refunded.
Today’s Japanese youth get more of the Americanized tattoos that can be easily hidden, but some very wealthy and very dedicated get an Irezumi. It can take up to $50,000 and 30 years according to one source, to get a full body done. Many tattoo artists have traveled to Japan to learn the art of Irezumi for example Thomas Lockhart, legend in the tattoo world, has gotten tattooed himself by famous Irezumi artists.
8. Miss Ann
Refusing to take ownership makes life easier by eliminating responsibility. Those who dabble in magical thinking never take responsibility for anything. Not even their own actions. They have abandoned their stake in the society while constantly demanding their share of what they insist is coming to them. And if the rioters succeed in destroying the ownership society and replacing it with the looter society, in which no one owns anything and no one, except their scapegoats, are responsible for anything, then civilization dies beneath their flames and slogans.
C = I
3. Systematically extend private education
A-Maying in the woods,
I was obsessed about twins because of Sweet Valley. I decided to write a story about two princesses who were twins. One was kind; one was mean. An evil witch attacked their castle. The royal family tried to escape. As the carriage took the royal family away, something happened and the kind twin fell off. There was fire all around. They couldn’t stop the carriage. The kind twin was trying to run to the carriage, to get to the outstretched hands of her mother or her father, so she could get back in the carriage. The witch materialized out of nowhere. The witch was slowly walking towards the frightened princess. Everything exploded and the princess and the witch were gone. The royal family escaped but they were forever scarred by that day.
If I am part of your destiny, then someday you will come back to me ...
"The decision for common ownership brings together the most respected names in American china production," Wells said. "Hall's durable 'oven to table' products will fit perfectly with Homer Laughlin's mission to supply a quality product at a fair price and to continue to manufacture in the United States."
Ok. I need to apologize in advance. I was walking through the stalls . . . and saw this beautiful chair (loving the upholstery textile!) and desk . . . took a picture . . . and can't for the life of me remember the name of the dealer. My hope is that someone reading might recall - just leave it in the comments and I can update the post.
Formed at the tail end of the Nigerian civil war by Harry Mosco Agada (then a guitarist in Celestine Ukwu’s Music Royals) the band played for the army’s 12th Brigade in Aba and went through a rapid series of membership changes in search of the perfect line-up of players.
St. Pius X, pray for us!
Thankfully I have great friends that agree with the logical side of me and help me articulate my real goal of finishing strong (and not half assing the training like I normally do) and enjoying the race. There is no need to kill myself for a far fetched time goal this time around.I swear the Garmin is making me insane and obsessed with numbers. I am sure I am not the only one that has fallen prey to Garmin.
Took a train to this place where they sell really cheap apparel... it resembles something like Bangkok's Platinium mall, which is located near East Nanjing Road.
“We always wondered,” said Watts, “who was funding (a) “hate campaign against a local television meteorologist” they deemed a “denier” of the global warming hoax.” Typically, Forecast the Facts attributed perfectly natural weather events, tornadoes, to global warming or climate change. They claimed that the states affected were “dominated by anti-government, anti-science ideologues.”
I wondered where all the animals were sleeping in that frozen night.
I fold them again and again and again and again and again…
sebaceous glands, maxilla, at this stage:
Nine years ago today my life changed forever. I learned the meaning of selfless love. I found my inner “mama bear”. I knew what it meant to love someone else more than I love myself. I have learned more from you than from any other person I have ever known.
Learning that my child was transgender was like turning a key and feeling all the tumblers fall into place. Everything made sense: his firm conviction at 3 that he was a boy, his refusal to wear dresses, his persistent dis-ease throughout childhood, his reaction to puberty (horror), and, most alarmingly, his bouts during his teens with suicidal feelings. He knew who and what he was — he always had. When he finally told me, I knew in my bones that it was true. I’d even had inklings before he summoned the remarkable courage to come out. None of that makes the emotions any less raw upon learning that the child you raised as a girl for 26 years is, in fact, a boy. This is the child to whom I gave a girl’s name, imbued with my own girlish hopes, nurtured the mother-daughter bond that I had with my own mother — a bond based, it seemed to me, on our common gender. What was my relationship with this person if he is my son? How do I learn how to have a son? I’d thought of myself as the mother of a daughter for a quarter of a century.
The vicar said he’d love to see the patch of land to the north side of the church developed. The north side of the church. Not the south side, where the rest of the community will see what’s going on, and where the sun will shine on tender seedlings and let them grow strong. The north side of the church. The north side, which gets hardly any sun, which last summer was completely overgrown with horsetails, which has mostly rubble rather than topsoil, which will be easy to forget because it’s mostly hidden from view. My heart sank, I’ll admit.
The Justices agreed that, on the facts before it, the Federal Circuit court was right to hold the Bilski patent invalid. They could not, however, agree, in wider terms, as to the correct judicial yardstick by which the validity of patents of this type was to be measured. Depending on your perspective, the words of the US patent code are (i) woefully imprecise and ill-equipped for determining the patent-eligibility of types of invention that the legislators could never have imagined, or (ii) magnificently flexible in their scope for interpretation in that very small number of disputed cases in which the boundaries of patent-eligibility must be identified.
Category: American Literature
I am going to attempt something for the first time ever in my life on Friday. So I am in advance of this bequeathing my animals to Allan or Megan or whoever (I won't care after I die lol). Hold onto your hats yet again - I am going to do kickboxing. The wife of our young adults pastor teaches a kickboxing class and the first one is free to check out so at 5:15 instead of being in Dallas for the Rock and Worship Road Show (I can see them some other time), I will be kickboxing (aka dying lol). It will be fun and healthy. I told James (the Young Adults Pastor) about me checking out Michelle's class and he said yep I am gonna die lol
This gun law is not broken, so why are they trying to fix it? Its not like there is a horrible influx of crime on the streets. Most of the news that is being written about is all behind closed doors. Every now and then a story runs about a complete stranger gunning down an innocent family. This law is being debated for Florida. So, they want the murder rate to be 365 per year? That is exactly what will happen.
Back to Franklin Pierce. I thought about him and how ironic it was that there was another president named Franklin, and then I started thinking about all the different first names presidents of the United States have had, and the next thing I knew, I was off to Wikipedia, making a list.
Like I said, this week I really tried not to think too many VIOLENT PSYCHOTIC EVIL thoughts. Actually I was so busy this week I more or less forgot to anyway – but not quite!
The real epiphany moment came some months later. I had bought my first TML shirt in their after Christmas sale (OK, second if you count the pink one). It was from their recently launched slim fit range in blue twill. I couldn’t bring myself to buy a 16½ (old habits die hard) so bought a 17 instead. It fit pretty well, I thought. So I was looking for another shirt and popped into the TML shop on the Strand after a meeting in central London. I thought I might try out a 16½ this time round so asked the attractive shop assistant how significant the size difference was between a 16½ and 17 shirt.
Mix dry ingredients in a bowl. Add water to make a soft dough, knead well and continue adding a touch of flour until dough is no longer sticky and becomes pliable. Let sit, covered, for 30 minutes. Divide dough into about 8 balls. Roll out each ball on a floured surface with a rolling pin. Spread about 1 tsp oil on each piece, roll up jelly-roll style (see photos) and curve dough into a snail-like form (see photo). Let sit 5 min. Roll out each piece again on a floured surface with a rolling pin. Preheat skillet. Add a few teaspoons olive oil to the skillet, and fry each chapati one at a time (or if you have room, you can do more). Turn once underside is flecked with light brown spots- but re-oil pan before turning over, this is crucial to prevent burning and smoking up your kitchen. Stack finished chapati in a round cake pan, cover, and place in a warm oven (150 degrees or so) until ready to eat. Be creative, eat with a variety of things and/or topped with your choice items!
just love it.
I guess it’s not really one of these, and especially not some of them. But whatever the reasons may be, tonight I’m going to cook another Indonesian meal for four (that is, if my co-resident will join us, as I’m going to use some sherry in the “ulam”, and he has vowed not to drink any alcohol for a year).
That's all for now, I have a home study visit in less than an hour!
- Double Chocolate DrizzleCorn
Patrick Bateman (Christian Bale) is an empty man. He lacks emotion, he lacks a sense of reality, and seriously lacks a genuine sense of humanity. “There is an idea of a Patrick Bateman…but I simply am not there.” For whatever perverse reason, Patrick Bateman is completely disassociated from the rest of humanity. He’s a Wall Street executive that really does nothing all day long, but earns loads of money despite it. He finds many people despicable from his girlfriend Evelyn (Reese Witherspoon) to his own co-workers to the random homeless man on the street. By night, he has a terrible bloodlust that he is slowly losing control of. But the question ends up being – what is reality and what is just pure fantasy? This is a dark, dark journey through the mind of one demented and empty individual – welcome to the life of Patrick Bateman.
What if someone said
A module instructor had problems with one of his students. The examinee was asthenic in acquisition the spellings of the words. He was weaker in module. He repeated and wrote those line more a present, yet when it mattered, he spelled them wrongly!
Not only were we going up steps (a lot of steps), but we were going up hill through the entire property. I know that sounds a bit redundant - going up steps and going up hill. But, if we weren't walking up steps, we were walking on the ground at an incline. It was a bit tiring. The day was warmer than it had been in Venice and we were still trying to catch up on feeling like functioning human beings.
The four busiest routes included in the plan are Woodward (Route 53), Gratiot (Route#34), Dexter (Route #16) and Grand River (Route #21). According to DDOT Chief Executive Officer Ron Freeland, 34 percent of DDOT customers ride along these routes.
This was as far back as I could place this very beneficial food. In Hebrew, almond means "diligence" and happens to be the first tree of the year to flower in Palestine. The ancient Israelites valued the nuts for food and the oil when pressed. Along with olive oil, almond oil was used for burning in lamps and ceremonial oils. Through out Jews customs you will see the almond branches, flowers, and nuts being used.
My parents came and my other Sister, Sallie, whose Birthday it was, too! For her birthday, I made her the God Mother and gave her her first nephew, ever. She was in the middle of her 17th birthday party and had to leave it early to come to the hospital. We were all so excited!
Yeah, whatever. Anyway, I say that God is just the one creative process in heaven that is speaking the world out there into being, into form, by using language. God is the one word that language forms as a word symbolizing the creative function that uses the rest of language to form the world into being.
Very positive and uplifting. And here is my synopsis of the death of this bill:
½ tsp. cumin
I used a collage image from Retro Cafe Art for my center. I combined it with a little vintage ledger paper and some vintage Christmas music to frame it out. The background is a vintage flash card that I used varitone ink on. For those of you who don't know what varitone ink is it is this really cool product made by Coffee Break that goes on clear and then when you heat it with your heat-gun it burns brown. The longer you heat it the darker it gets. That's how I get the authentic aged look to a lot of my pieces. In this case I used a dots stencil and a sponge to dab the ink on and then heated. But you can swipe it on or rub it in with your fingers if you want. So cool.
½ cup (4 oz/115 gm) granulated white sugar
I have chickens. They have to be let out in the morning and put up at night. Their feeder and waterer have to be filled. Their eggs have to be collected. My next door neighbors, who have five kids of their own (one welcomed to the family in June...about two weeks after Mac was born) did this for me until the day Mac came home in September. I didn't have to choose between getting rid of them and coming home before dark every night. It was a huge burden lifted.
and a big pack of English black tea (yay! for my even more english mornings..Have you known how desperately in love am I with black tea with milk?)
Abdullah said the salary increase for the 1,002,040 civil servants would cost the government RM3.4 billion this year or an additional annual expenditure of RM6.8 billion.
Date added
we leave tomorrow for Disney World and I'm looking forward to blogging "on the road" from my iPad. I will try anyway. Stay tuned!
Book Rating: 3/5
Associated Press put out a great article today, that reminded me of something my son and I discussed at length during his first days of Kindgergarten. Conversation:
On a more serious note, I did find, for me, that minimalism could slip over into Giving Up and Not Making an Effort - for example, I won't wear my watch as I have the time on my mobile phone; I won't wear jewellery as what does it do? I won't put together a different outfit I'll just keep on wearing the same jeans. I think to embrace the ascetic side of minimalism you need to be a very buoyant, committed person. Ultimately I like my inner landscape to have a scattering of fripperies and frivolities, they keep me happy and prevent me howling with existential angst in the middle of the supermarket (or at least snatching scones from the nearest old age pensioner in the overcrowded bread aisle); I guess I am deeply superficial.
So in the case at hand, in order to recognize that intelligent design is the best explanation of the appearance of design in the universe, one needn’t be able to explain the Designer. Whether the Designer has an explanation can simply be left an open question for future inquiry.
(Rev 14:18-20) Still another angel, who had charge of the fire, came from the altar and called in a loud voice to him who had the sharp sickle, "Take your sharp sickle and gather the clusters of grapes from the earth's vine, because its grapes are ripe." (19) The angel swung his sickle on the earth, gathered its grapes and threw them into the great winepress of God's wrath. (20) They were trampled in the winepress outside the city, and blood flowed out of the press, rising as high as the horses' bridles for a distance of 1,600 stadia.
First I passed my class!
And in the medical establishment, the gears ground the slowest of all, for “Nothing was absolutely conclusive yet,” they said.
From Ben:
The beautiful Rajasthan is a state with most of the beautiful cities of India. The state is a combination of forts and palaces resembling the history of Rajasthan, famous temples reflecting the Indian sculpture and traditions, the festivals and fairs at Rajasthan give you a chance of tasting the mouth watering food of Rajasthan and buying some beautiful cultural stuff for yourself. Shopping at the markets of Rajasthan, the state also gives you a chance of experiencing adventure and wildlife. Rajasthan Tour is complete entertainment and a remarkable experience of life.
"The advantages of a lie are always short-lived," he writes in 'Through a glass, rosily', an analysis of Leftist efforts to portray accurate reporting of the horrors of Sovietism as counterproductive and worthy of suppression even when allowing that they are true. "And yet," he continues, "genuine progress can only happen through increasing enlightenment, which means the continuous destruction of myths."
Pearls: Recollections
Buttons
This morning we all spent our time out in the garden cutting the lawn, trimming some hedging and gathering up the fallen leaves into black bags ready to make some lovely leaf mulch - 12 big black bagfuls.
6. Prawn and Quartered—This lovely slice of fried gold is a treasure trove of humor, thought, and introspection. You’ll laugh so hard milk comes out your nose and then bemoan the fact you aren’t nearly as funny and/or thoughtful as she is.
I got this kit from Scrapdango. It's mostly Simple Stories but I added my own Bazzil Basics washi tape and the staples. I cut the center of the pp and flipped it over and taped it back in. The small tape pieces are cs stickers from SS, then I cut out the title block and punched the top, inked and stapled it down, added the photos, brackets, stars (after cutting the orange one down a little), added the burlap ribbon, twisted the washi tape and stapled it down. Then finished it off with the word stickers.
2 T fennel seeds
My two sons were out walking their dogs a couple of weeks ago and this sweet little man got between them and walked home with them. Our oldest thought it was Buddy, a dog that gets out regularly but it was not.
light tobacco. In short, it is a beer with a vinuous aroma.
Wilsonia to Nqaza;
He’s a hack… and he is destined for a big defeat
Reading Mortlock is like listening to My Chemical Romance: good and gothic. If any of you have heard them, which I doubt- my kook friend turned me onto them- then you will know that they are pretty...goth. Good, but goth. Mortlock is like that, stylish, stunning writing, sophisticated plot and its completely addictive. Just Mortlock is better, because its a book. I would also like to add another addition of winning points to the almost full bucket: there are twins in this book. As I'm a twin, I can relate to the way Josie felt. I shall talk more about that later. But the point is its awesome.
These values are what Macquarie University stands for. We will bring these values to life in everything we do.
discussed
although sarah is the hero for the day, it is kristen's light that shines so bright.
I am now one of those people who are blogging about a slimming journey. I’m sure you’re thrilled!
-Each student gets their own archive page
And then I talked about how at IxDS our clients actually understood that our knowledge and our methods could also be used for other areas than Physical Interaction Design: in 2007 we were asked to do a design project on “Women and ICT (Information and Communication Technology)” – with no focus on innovative hardware, but any kind of improvements.
7 1/2 to 8 cups flour
When she arrived back at Domino’s on Colman Road, her two Hungarian colleagues reported the same sighting. “One was waving his arms and being quite panicky about it,” she said. Not a lot of Alsatians in Hungary then? Because that’s what they were…
These are the things you’re not supposed to think about when watching popcorn entertainment, and I’d be happy to not think of them if the movie was fun, but it isn’t.
* paid actor is not actually a Navy SEAL Astronaut Lawyer.**
I had a super productive day of studying Japanese, painting and reading. Basically all i wanted to do that day! It doesn't sound like much, but i had a big old writing and drawing bump on my finger by the end of the day.
Other than being a mom myself, she has been and continues to be the one that has most shaped me, It is Mom who has, in countless ways, even to this day, helped to determine who I am...my character, my abilities, my longings and how I love. Her influence is expansive, right down to the very details of my thoughts and my life....whether she knows it or not! My mom has loved much, has sacrificed more, and always shown us the value of hard work and determination.
struck by lightning… this is also used in the sauna water… The collective use of crystals in food, drinking water, and inspired living, is quickly realized to bring great energy… as the camp values the
I think this image is called siblings? I gave it to hubby for his birthday. Its to him from the kids with a BIG hug!!!
The Holidays are around the corner! Once October comes, time just flies on by and the next thing you know, there is snow on the ground and ornaments and lights hanging about...
And military title capital
Stilton Cheese, Celery, and Pulled Bread
There are a variety of botulinum toxin products including BOTOX, DYSPORT, and XEOMIN. Botox was first approved in 1989 to treat blepharospasm. They each work by temporarily weakening or paralyzing the affected spasmodic muscles. Benefits begin in 1-14 days after the treatment and last for an average of three to four months. Long-term follow-up studies have shown it to be a very safe and effective treatment, with up to 90 percent of patients obtaining almost complete relief of their blepharospasm. Side effects are usually rare and technique dependent. They include drooping of the eyelid (ptosis), double vision (diplopia), and tearing. All are transient and recover spontaneously.
Paul: Never! Liberty!
But that said, I will also be taking a short blogging break for two or three weeks. One of my best friends is visiting me from Germany, and we have decided to head out into the Rockies for a road trip! I cannot wait... in my opinion there is nowehere as gorgeous as the Rocky Mountains in the summer, and the Jasper-Banff Highway, also called the Icefields Parkway, is simply paradise on earth (well, if you exclude all thr tourists, that is :-)) So after this one, my next post is likely to be at the beginning of August, unless of course I get inspired at a campsite or two or three!
Day 1 is today- fresh, relaxed and inspired. Having had time unplugged made some things less important, especially details which have been so attention grabbing that the focus on the big thing called solution was almost lost. Leading also means, letting things go. And so I focus on results and solutions again + reduce task time.
Amazon.com believes it is censorship not to sell certain titles because we believe their message is objectionable. Therefore, we'll continue to make controversial works available in the United States and everywhere else, except where they're
half of a lime, chopped
Though Bersih is a non-partisan body advocating for a just cause for the people, those affected most in the election will be the Opposition. For this reason, the Opposition felt strongly about this issue as they are the ones contesting in the elections, not Bersih.
The special for the rest of April is for every $31 you spend, you can get ANY purse for HALF OFF!
This picture was taken last year...she is even more beautiful now at the age of five. So when I saw this paper line from My Mind's Eye, I knew I would use it on a layout about our Izzy.
Celine, the editor, had mailed me a copy, but it was taking a while. So I decided to drive downtown Hamilton to visit a friend, Dave, who owns Mixed Media, a great little art supply, stationery, and creative book shop on James St. North in Hamilton. He had a fresh stack of the magazines out and I nervously took a first glance. I was quite impressed.
if you love cute childhood love stories, this is perfect for you
Buck unlocks the pantry door, and Rob runs screaming into the library with the others. They see the fake gore hanging off of his cheek, and everyone starts laughing again. Then Muffy tells her friends how much she loves them, and reveals why she set up such an elaborate plan in the first place...
Sex or premarital sex is happening much more than conservatives think but it is not considered such a "dirty" thing any longer. Many couples live together before getting married, to test out their relationship.
Dora…after a huge pause: “Did you see Swiper?”
So, let's get back to the subject at hand. If you do decide to stay at home, make the conscious decision that your career is working in your home. Homemaking is your new job. Learn as much as you can about what you need and want to do - there is no one size fits all in this, each one of us is different. Manage your family like a little business, you'll need to have short term plans, long term plans, work to a budget and look after your assets. This is real work and often you'll develop self reliance along with all the other skills you develop at home. And that, my friends, is a wonderful thing that will help you all through your life.
I Painted them cream and recovered the cushions with a $4.98 shower curtain from Target. (I added some clear vinyl to the seats also to protect them from the many spills that will be in their future.)
Ok, this is the last of the Miyajima posts this time around... wait, i am totally lie-telling right now, cause i have a bunch of iPhone pictures i'm probably gonna end up posting too, but it is the last analog post about Miyajima... i think.
L’s mouth sucking me; L’s ass relaxing to let me inside; the sparks that pass between us inside her cunt. I always wish. When we had just started and we were new to each other, and all I imagined. All I feared. L has a tiny vertical hairline scar that crosses the line of her lips, marking her.
Images have been colored with my copic markers and Stickles have been added to her dress, crown and veil.
Everyone deserves to –
I would also highly recommend searching on Pinterest to see Daily 5 boards. If you are like me, I have to see something in action to fully wrap my head around it.
You have a comfort zone which covers around about 10% either side of what you currently have in any area of your life. This can be in your relationships, your finances or your lifestyle.
Have a great time, guys! I'm really looking forward to seeing your creations!
‘i’m so sorry,’ she whispered, and sighed. ‘i’m sitting here, bitching about something so incredibly trivial, and you have been so nice to listen, even though you are having a much worse day than i am.’
are still walking?
Looking solely at SOV limits the field of measurement to a handpicked set of competitors, and misses the larger context — and larger opportunity to use social media.
From our first initial intake, I hand craft a custom program fit to your needs to propel you to a life vision you want, dream and desire.
No, I think I’ve rabbited on long enough!
Title: The Alienist
My time with friends turned out to be perfect. The ones that mattered tended to show up more often. The ones that didn't... well, somehow they were busy or stuck in traffic or whatever.
I have been overwhelmed at the wonderful comments I have received and the number of new followers who have joined me over the past couple of weeks. Obviously the lure of some candy has bought some people over, but I can tell some people are truly here because they want to to be - with or without a give-away. So thank you everyone who has participated.
Although I went for a walk today and took some stunning shots of the beauty around me - I am not going to post them here - not today. If you want to see them, please follow the link to my flickr account in the sidebar.
The labourer had been living in Glasgow for the past five years. Police said that there was no apparent motive for the attack at the moment.
Lt. General Robert G. Gard, Jr., USA (Ret.)
In his mind there’s no doubt
I made a comment to the Lord about how I enjoyed watching him, and I heard the soft whisper in my heart, "That's how I am with you when you're living the way I created you to be." Suddenly, an image came to my mind of the humming bird, filled with worry and fear. He didn't have time to be enjoyed because he was too busy striving to make sure he had enough to eat, took care of those he loved, and most all...strove to get everything exactly right. The sight of a weighed-down humming bird was so wrong that it hurt me to imagine. I knew in a moment God was showing me that He wants me to be the way I was created. I don't have to be a humming bird, wishing I could soar like another bird. I don't have to burden myself with trifle necessities that God knows I need. I can be at peace. I can be enjoyed by Him and be His delight by being who He created me to be--His.
Local rivals Derby provide Forest fans with an example of what cost cutting looks like in the Championship and also demonstrate that it can be done. Having appointed Nigel Clough, Derby managed to reduce their wage bill by letting their experienced, highly paid players leave as their contracts expired. Importantly Clough also managed to keep them in the Championship whilst they reduced the wage bill and he is now able to begin building a new side on a cheaper, younger model.
I'd be happy to run in this way for long periods, since the IC718 is really a re-badged IC-78 which is sold as a rugged HF radio to Commercial users.
I went looking and finally found one perched like a stone sculpture on top of a house near Lake St. Claire. My daughter informed me of the significance of the Snow owl to children's literature thanks to the Harry Potter series where they act as feathery postal workers delivering important messages. We agreed that my owl had a very Hogwartsian feel to it. Given the fact that this bird didn't budge for the hour I watched it is ample proof E-mail and texting has caught on with scholarly wizards and witches as well as more common place young people.
“Neil Dawson investigates the apparent suicide of his Father in the latest disturbing tale from Steve Mosby”
What was most amazing to me in this game, besides all of the scoring, was the complete lack of power play goals. This game had a TON of penalties issued and neither team could capitalize on the one man advantage. The Blues went 0 for 9, including two 5 on 3 opportunities. I just don’t understand how no goal came out of that. The Kings power play seemed to be their penalty kill, scoring the short handed goal and giving the Blues little scoring space when they were down a man. L.A. now leads the series 2-0, heading home.
Event Deadline: 30 November 2011
I know you're in there
The first manuscript I wrote was YA fiction. The next three were a midgrade fantasy trilogy - which I have yet to complete because I was immediately distracted by yet another idea for YA fiction.
and turned your maiden voyage into rape
And monument. We queue to see
· Personal driving 17%
One of the other concepts of operating a unilateral surveillance team in a foreign country is the notion of third-party intelligence services trying to figure out what you’re doing. Such as the Indian Intelligence Bureau, the Russian SVR, as well as the very aggressive intelligence capabilities of and organizations such as al Qaeda getting wind of what your team could be doing. The personnel operating in this surveillance team are on a very dangerous mission. In essence, if caught they are committing crimes against Pakistan and they are on their own. They’re operating - the term is black - in country so the U.S. would not acknowledge any activities on the part of our government if the surveillance team had been picked up before the bin Laden operation went down.
The premise is basically King George the 5th is old and sick. He dies, and the kingship goes to his oldest son. However, his oldest son is a philanderer (or at least, is interested in one) and kings are unable to marry someone who has been divorced. That being said, the crown is then passed to the younger son, who happens to have a severe speech impediment. The time frame is that of WW2, and thus, it is extremely important that Europe has a leader that can you.... speak. So he proceeds to get a speech coach, and that's where the movie takes off, and doesn't let up. Before you complain about spoilers, all that information is given to you upfront anyways, but the movie is basically about the relationship between the two, and the growth of an unappreciated man .
Well, what I mean they are ready for you to upgrade your “Powered by WordPress” website.
UPDATE (1): 13th October, 2011. EDIT. The Irish Independent has two Paddy-positive articles in which the Maybourne sale by NAMA is questioned. The first has Paddy criticising NAMA’s abilities to maximise returns and the second just questions why NAMA sold the loans now. Meanwhile Britain’s Legal Week demonstrates how much of a jamboreee this transaction was for the lawyers. It says “Hogan Lovells, which was appointed to NAMA’s inaugural legal panel last year, advised the body through a London-based team led by restructuring partner Paul McLoughlin, who was assisted by senior associate Stuart Tait. The firm, which worked alongside Ireland’s Maples and Calder, initially advised NAMA in April on a restructuring of AIB and Bank of Ireland’s debt initially provided to Maybourne, which transferred to NAMA”
i hope that they will also learn more about themselves, while
Misha
6. Reader’s Digest Clarity. OBL’s messages must be understandable by the dumbest village-idiot that ever existed, either side of the Mason-Dixon Line. The messages are not aimed at suave, smart Europeans because they invariably see through them. They are strictly for the U.S. home consumption.
Just look at that skirt!
I was intrigued by this trend sweeping the nation (not really) but set some ground rules.
When last we left our hero, the phone was out. This morning, it was working again. With that problem dutifully resolved by ignoring it, it was time to do the laundry.
"Yes, it's broken," the pretty young doctor said said, "but not badly."
“Or something”, I replied in playful tone.
There is nothing worse than what I imagine a conversation that my potential reader may have after he or she reads my post, “Gosh. That was awful. Why did I waste my time with that?” Whether they do that or not, I have no idea. I’m hoping they don’t.
Terry Thornton of Hill Country of Monroe County, Mississippi writes in to tell Grave Mappers of a big problem in Oxford, Alabama. It seems that a 1500-year-old Indian mound is being destroyed so the city can use the dirt as landfill for a Sam's Club.
Special rules
Westhills is Victoria’s newest and most VIBRANT community. We are close to schools, endless shopping opportunities whether you’re looking for big box stores OR smaller, boutique style shopping, and lots of restaurants! City Centre Park, the Westhills Arena and Langford Lanes are literally on Westhills’ doorstep and provide tons of fun for people of ALL ages!
It’s a lullaby goodbye that caresses
y el tañer doloroso de una vieja campana.
On almost nothing, and with no one
all Images are free but a small donation towards resources to enable me to continue with my work will allways be welcome. To donate please press the button below and i will send you the set via email. Or just email
In the UK we apparently have a drought. As a result of this we have a hosepipe ban. This is to stop me from using much needed water to keep my grass green.
Call Grandma!
A mental person (obviously a clubber as he was rather worse for wear and smelled rather of beers and that smoky thing I sniffed at East Croydon....) decided I was his bestest mate.
Get out and check out the trail this weekend before it’s too hot!
“Restore the image!”
My house sits on the edge of an allotment, and just across the street is a house that sits outside of it. It used to be a farmhouse when this area was an undeveloped farm, although the land was mostly wooded, and some of it was mined back in the day. The allotment has some restrictions, like no outbuildings or clothes lines or crap piled up in the yard, but across the street, it’s anything goes, apparently.
"It's because the other teams can't stop looking at those damn pinstripes."
Then as we linger at luncheon here
Because we never learn do we?
Alexander and the Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Day, by Judith Viorst, illus. by Ray Cruz, Atheneum Books (an imprint of Simon & Schuster), first published 1972, Ages 3-7
Truthfully I didn’t know very much about Thich besides his Wikipedia page and the description I’d heard from my mother, so I wasn’t sure who to expect. But when a slight, wrinkled man spoke to us on the first night in a cadence so measured and weighty that I thought at first he was reciting a poem, it seemed very natural. Of course he was like this. But gradually I became aware of something more that he was. There was something being said in the way he arranged his robe over his knees, sitting cross-legged in front of 700 people waiting in a hush for him to speak, there was something poignant and real that happened after he ended a sentence, and looked calmly around at all of us. We went for “walking meditations,” where 700 people would walk through nature in small, measured steps following Thich in silence, and often I walked near him. There was something in the way he moved one foot in front of the other and greeted the earth with his slippers, and in the way he sat down on the grass, and drank a cup of tea, while everyone kneeled in a circle around him, somehow everyone quietly pleading speak prophet, speak! And in the way he said nothing, and moved his face to beam upon all of those in the crowd, he was speaking. He was emanating tranquility, some ancient natural essence. I don’t know quite how to describe it, but I suppose what he had was an incredible presence, like an aura. I’ve never experienced it before, but there was some kind of energy moving through the air in his presence. When I was near him, or even watching him, something in me was satiated and quieted, and I flushed more fully into the earth.
7. Poet's House (4:31)
Here's Yuta in action:
Chris and I painted a bathroom one night this weekend. It's the only room we've never painted since we moved here five years ago!!! My sister, mom and I painted the girls' room last week. I should say, we painted it back to how it was two years ago... exactly the same way. We girls like pink in the Green household! :)
This is it. The year I resume writing my blog.
We were thinking of doing a blog post about recent immigration issues we're going to have to deal with, so that James can eventually be here with us permanently (so we don't have to keep going back and forth between countries). It wasn't the greatest of news we got today, we'll have to write about it tomorrow.
I have worked with asylum seekers both as a teacher and a writing mentor for many years. I have written an education resource for schools about child asylum seekers and my story, Samir Hakkim’s Healthy Eating Diary, was chosen by Tony Bradman for his anthology on child asylum seekers, Give me Shelter, Francis Lincoln, 2007.
So many mirrors…
I was not a runner then. But sometime in the years between leaving my hectic job at a publishing house in New York and beginning to write Fallen, I took up the sport. I found myself living on a tomato farm in Northern California. It was their first time in my life I’d lived somewhere with that much open space around me. One day, I started to run the boundaries of the tomato plots. I hated it at first. I hated it for months. I definitely did a lot of counting down the seconds until my run was up. But the seed of a dream to run a marathon someday had been planted in me, so I kept up the running.
Mandatory Entry: Message Christina on Facebook- Just tell her you are from my blog and ask for more info on products. (You do not have to purchase anything to enter the drawing)
First, I REALLY need to get more organized! This year especially I plan to work harder to make sure everything has a place. I'm tired of being that teacher who is asking the kids "Did you see where I put....?"
“It’s not just you; others have complained that exams are supposed to be silent. Apparently everyone wanted a White instructor for this class.” This was said with a great deal of resentment and rage.
“I know lots of things. Like I know our time is short but you’re a really smart lady and not going to waste any more time. I know that you have a story you’ve never told anyone and you’re about to tell me right this instant. Then everything’s going to be better. You can do this. All you need to do is take one of my magic beans, make a wish, and just like that, life becomes a Fairy Tale.” Jack dips his thumb and finger into his can of beans, as if feeling around for the one that just feels right, pinching it between his finger then drawing up and out like a golden prize wrestled free and hard-won. Jack looks at the next bean of his to give, one more after thousands, then extends his offering. Urging Mattie as her long road of miles come to an end.
The symptoms of celiac disease can be different from person to person. This is part of the reason why the diagnosis is not always made right away. For example, one person may have constipation, a second may have diarrhea, and a third may have no problem with stools.
These are two of the "California" things
There are two sticks of butter, one cup of sour cream, and 1 cup each of sugar and brown sugar. How can that NOT taste good? Just have a small slice and it's all good.
“Instead of engaging and accommodating the middle ground, Najib has ceded it to Pakatan. He failed to implement policies to accommodate the fence sitters.
It is easy to sit on the sidelines and watch things go up in flames, so easy then to commentate. You’ll have a hundred suggestions, Lord of Insight you’ll be. But see how fun it is when you’re the one who’s burning.
SO you wanna burn the Koran UMMMM!
1/2 ounce dry vermouth
What a wonderful WONDERFUL place!
AEI, Oil & Gas Deals By Type, 2006 to YTD 2012 5
Never the less. I'm here today to share this card with you.
When she got to me, she looked back at the girls, who were now assaulting a coin-operated rocking horse. The lady asked, in German, 'Where is their mother from?'
"And secondly, and more importantly, there's the issue of a replacement donor. We'd need to find a suitably healthy young woman, ideally one who had once supported President Mbeki, kill her, and remove her liver; and ethics approval for that kind of thing can take weeks, even for someone in the Presidency."
We’ve been making lots of things lately. I don’t know if it’s the time of the year, the weather, or having missed the pre-holiday making by being in India and getting ready to travel back home. Or maybe it’s all of it. But I think for us has been that now we are home with all of our tools and supplies and we are excited we can make things any time we want to!
on her own sewing machine which she saved up for last year. That girl loves to sew and learn - can't imagine where she gets it from ;-) Just look at the concentration on her face......!
I am impressed by how beautiful every single person is if I just take the time to see it.
I sketched the picture onto a 2-1/2" x 3-1/2" piece of vellum bristol. Then I filled in the areas where I wanted color with thinned acrylic paint. After the paint dried, I re-sketched the entire picture right on top of the paint, adding more detail, with graphite pencil. I would have loved to do this final step with a very fine point technical pen, but mine dried up. I like the look of the graphite pencil sketch over the acrylic paint. Finally I added paint-on glitter all over the tree. The scan actually looks a little bit grainier than the original.
Water: 32 oz.
And again, I know he will, in time...But because that time is not now, it stings a little.
Patient: "Oh, it's my brother's car."
I didn’t think so either.
Meanwhile, the same Eric Holder who denounced and demonized Arizona refused – even after several requests – to acknowledge that radical jihadist Islam was even among the factors contributing to the terrorist attacks we’ve seen. Which have ALL had radical Islam as the primary motive.
I will let you know how trying to do these with my husband goes!
Butter and line a 9 inch cake pan with parchment paper.
After all of this I spent a lot of time alone and I enjoyed it. I was the only child for many years and even now, I cherish my moments of solitude. In addition to me getting closer to Christ, being alone helped me become more independent and efficient with my time management. It didn’t take long though for me to become curious about the rest of the members of the Body of Christ. Right before I left for Europe God led me to write an email to a woman and share my testimony with her. I had only viewed articles on her blog and I will admit, I was inspired and encouraged after reading her posts but I had no intention of contacting her. I thought this lady would think that I was a weirdo, randomly emailing her. But it was about 4 am one morning and I was unable to sleep. When I asked God to allow me to sleep all I had a mind to do was email this woman and so I did. I emailed her, writing everything God put on my heart and I sent it and guess what? I was able to sleep! In summary, that was the beginning of an encouraging friendship in the Lord. Although our communication up to this point has been merely electronic, God has used each of us in a unique way. We are at two different places in our walks with Him and for that very reason we are able to offer different, but still righteous, perspectives. I am so glad that I took heed to the leading of the Holy Spirit because I feel like I have truly gained a new Sister in Christ and it was at a perfect time because I was worried about finding fellowship here in Europe. Proverbs 27:17 (KJV): “Iron sharpeneth iron; so a man sharpeneth the countenance of his friend.” God was beginning to show me that He can and desires to put us in contact with the body of Christ in ways that we think would never be effective. When will we realize that His ways aren’t like our ways and that His thoughts aren’t like our thoughts (Isaiah 55:8-9)?
Anyway, this week's updation is of my Cool People Link Here links. I have dropped some that exist no more, and added a few new ones.
a fox mask on,
I’m calling you out
1. Intro
Humming softly… Stirring in your ear, tickling at your cochlea.
Have a great weekend, everybody and remember: no Sunday night eBay auctions!
Entry level wages for male college graduates fell to an average of $21.68 an hour last year, down 11% from 2001, according to a new report from the Economic Policy Institute, a left-leaning group.
My brother…he will be 21 years old in a month, he’s never had a job, he failed out of a community college, and he just sits at home all the time playing Xbox. My parents bought him a truck, paid for all his college he failed at, bought him a dirtbike, and let him sit on his ass while they do work around the house.
More opinion from me: It's strange to see Fernandez as a rookie. He played for so long in the majors and was such a presence for a variety of high-profile teams and moments. But Fernandez didn't hold a regular job in the majors until the year of this set, 1985.
about your letter.
The arena tour starts in London on 21 September, visiting Glasgow, Newcastle, Manchester, Cardiff, Birmingham, Belfast, Dublin, Liverpool and Nottingham. The tour finishes in Sheffield on 21 October.
All you need to do to enter is leave your name and a direct link to your entry with Mr Linky so that we can come visit you and if you don't have a blog...just e-mail your entry to Kath and she will pop it on the blog for you and you will also qualify for the prize draw.
It was just meant to help while away the time.
Japan/Gaming/Nerd Convention this weekend,
This post serves as both an index and introduction to my new series posts on the ethics of cryogenic suspension. Cryonic suspension, for the purposes of this series can be defined in the following manner:
I had a huge forehead-slapping moment when I went into the garage and saw the colorful dollar store buckets in which I had grown the broccoli and strawberries! Won't you join me with a round of DUH!!!! They already had holes in the bottoms and everything. All I had to do was put them in place and fill them up.
The kids LOVED it. (plus they learned somethin' too :) We started off by filling out this chart while we read the story. It made it easier to create the end product AND we found ALL (or all I could find) of the examples not just one of each.
Knowing that to our souls
They are running out of money. They are being cut off.
But brokenness is deep in my heart. It is the unceasing reminder that I would be perishing if it were not for the miraculous fact that life springs from death.
Forecasters had predicted lows of minus 11 degrees in northwest Arkansas and minus 10 degrees in parts of Oklahoma. But temperatures instead dipped to minus 18 in Fayetteville and to minus 28 in Bartlesville, Okla.
I have long known that I am not entirely what a film director would look for in an audience. Although I don't take it as far as the man I interviewed in Locks, the hatters many years ago, who asked me, seemingly apropos of nothing, whether I'd seen Death in Venice and, when I replied that I had, went into a moment's reverie before remarking, "Oh, the hats - what hats that film had," I have to admit that I too am prone to distraction from a film's "overarching and compelling story", (to borrow a phrase from one of Australia's former Prime Ministers).
Me: Look around. You are definitely outside on the porch.
I somehow missed the weekly photo challenge of March 23, but in spite of being late I decided to submit a photo as I could not resist the proposed subject. The picture was taken summer 2011 in a little town Sabbioneta, in the province of Mantua, Lombardy region, northern Italy. It is situated about 30 km north of Parma, not far from the northern bank of the Po River and it was inscribed on the World Heritage List in 2008.
Question: You say, “Meet all experiences as they come.” What about such terrible misfortunes as being condemned to lifelong imprisonment, or being burnt alive for holding certain political or religious opinions – misfortunes that have actually been the lot of human beings? Would you ask such people to submit themselves to their misfortunes and not try to overcome them?
At least I think it was him. Now that I think about it, it could have been a bum.
The delegations that travel with presidents should be chosen on the basis of their economic significance, not their loyalty to the party in power.
But I tell you what worried me most about minimalism - one blog suggested that one should even be minimalist in one's conversations - to weigh each word and only have meaningful communications with other people. That, my dahlings, you will not be surprised to hear, frightened the life out of me!
So silent has the media been about the killing of Kris Donald, that in all likelihood were you to ask ten randomly chosen members of the public who he was, you would be lucky if one out of the ten had ever heard of him. Yet ask the same ten who the most famous victim of racial violence in the UK, and almost certainly they will all say Stephen Lawrence.
We looked to create three to four minute pop songs de-constructed from Melody into ‘NOISE’.
We felt so much joy when Josh responded to commands. He wiggled his toes! He gave our hands a squeeze! He gave a thumbs up! We cheered and cheered when they took the ventilator out! We cheered when we heard his first words! We cheered when he brushed his teeth by himself! We cheered when, with the help of 2 nurses, Josh got out of bed and stood on his own two feet! We cheered when he sat in the chair a full day. We cheered when he didn't have to use the bed pan anymore. We cheered when he didn't have to use the commode anymore. We cheered when they took out his feeding tube. We cheered when they lowered the amount of oxygen he needed. We cheered when his blood pressure stayed stable. We cheered when he took his first steps and made it to the door and back to bed. We cheered even more when he made it to the hall way. We cheered when he was able to sit in the sun! He was in heaven! We cheered when they sent us from the high ICU to the intermediate ICU.
The King Of Pop's unexpected passing is clearly no different: from Al Sharpton to TMZ to left wing smear sites, many are making irrelevant "connections" that elevate liberals and slander conservatives.
Ok, I'm not talking about the cold porcelain in my bathroom...
stupid enough
Here are the things I have often wished I could undo:
Overall Rating: 4/5
Mostly, it looks like spending some time watching a screen each day, and spending some time on other activities.
Beast away with in the Reformation. Christ allowed the printing press’
I last saw The Horrors supporting the mighty Primal Scream at the Eden Project and, as good as they were there in the sunlight, they were even better here in the darkness where they seemed more at home. Playing all the best songs from Primary Colours and Skying they created an immense wave of psychedelic noise and Goth atmospherics, with Faris far more ( re- ) animated than last time, a striking and commanding frontman, stalking the stage, scaring the little girls in the front row. I was half hoping that Florence might have joined them to duet on Still Life like she did at the NME Awards, but sadly it didn't happen. Never mind, after a fantastic set they left us with an awesome version of Sea Within A Sea - worth the price of admission by itself.
In the annals of rock and roll history there have been numerous groundbreaking and important albums released, way too many to mention in a short list here. “Game changers” from Sgt. Peppers to Enter the 36 Chambers are discussed, disputed, diluted and written about ad nauseam. From talking heads on VH1 (and bloggers such as us) to the employees of record and music stores worldwide, there are oft agreed upon standards of excellence that these records have established. You will be hard pressed to find someone who doesn’t at least appreciate the significance of OK Computer or the influence of London Calling.
3. Get the opposite pointed edge and meet it to the center with the folded pointed edge.
Yeah. I've never gotten that one. On and on with the "tell me about a time when..." questions, but never one like that. I was stumped. I mean, we always talk about what we are, but rarely what we are not. Ask me what I am? Feminist, runner, baker, confident, scientist, motivated, intelligent. The words just spill out. What I'm not? Uuuhhhhh...
To think of ourselves as unchanging and permanent is a misconception in the same way as thinking a wave, a table, a mountain or a star is. We only appear to be an object because of the timescale in which we view ourselves. But we are a process as much as a wave or a flame. The cells of our bodies are constantly dying off and renewing. It is reckoned 98% of our cells are replaced at least every year.
the synthetic dyes from the food in
- Theme: Cloud (It may not the main theme, but indicate dear cloud in it)
1970: 1036.9 OG
Wow, what a story!
Glazing didn't really go as planned either, but when I compared the finished door with the plain one I had to keep going.
(Apparently my opinion on this matter offended people as I got some pretty reude responses and people had to post as "Anonymous"!........I've decided to not write my opinion, even though it's my blog and I'm entitled to it!).........sorry to have offended you if I did.
Gems from the Web
Thaw frozen corn just a bit then dump all the ingredients in the bowl and mix. Juice of one lemon or two limes and drizzle with olive oil. Salt and pepper to taste. Make this early in the day so the flavors have time to really meld.
“I have to tell you that over the course of several years as I have talked to friends and family and neighbors, when I think about members of my own staff who are in incredibly committed monogamous relationships, same-sex relationships, who are raising kids together; when I think about those soldiers or airmen or marines or sailors who are out there fighting on my behalf and yet feel constrained, even now that ‘don’t ask, don’t tell’ is gone, because they are not able to commit themselves in a marriage, at a certain point I’ve just concluded that for me personally it is important for me to go ahead and affirm that I think same sex couples should be able to get married,” Obama told Roberts in an interview to appear on ABC’s “Good Morning America” Thursday.
haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaai.
droplets patter on the sill
Last week in the post on Regency Era Women’s Fashions, we covered the terms “Undress”, “Half Dress” and “Full Dress”. These also applied for men as well. For men, “Undress” would include having his jacket and cravat removed, something that was not done in polite or mixed company if the gentleman could avoid it. Dressing gowns and robes also fit this bill for gentlemen lounging at home. “Half Dress” for men would be less elaborate knots in their neck cloths, much simpler and more casual styles of clothing. “Full Dress” and “Evening Dress” are the equivalent of today’s black tie affairs. Almack’s was a special case, where gentlemen of the ton were expected to wear breeches instead of trousers.
he prefers a bit more ‘original’ sex you should do everything to satisfy his needs including utter objectification and submission. You will love it even though he might ask you to sign a several-page contract that allows him a complete control over your life.
A White-throated Sparrow (sorry for the blurriness; he was back behind a lot of underbrush and just wouldn't sit still) along the Walking Trail.
“All I need is a driver.
Vertonghen, who turned 25 last month, has progressed through the youth ranks at Ajax and was given the captaincy after Maarten Stekelenburg left the club for AS Roma. He can play as a central defender, left-back and even as a defensive midfielder. If the rumors turn out to be true, Vertonghen signing can prove to be very vital and useful for Arsenal, who have been very unlucky with injuries.
A year has passed since the events of the first film and Lisbeth has been living abroad while Mikael Blomkvist is working with a new reporter at his Millenium Magazine hoping to expose a sex trafficking ring. When Lisbeth returns to Stockholm and the young reporter and his girlfriend end up dead, with Lisbeth’s fingerprints on the gun, our two estranged heroes delve into the seedy underground each, separately, trying to prove the young hacker’s innocence. As opposed to the first film which introduced her, this film reveals much of the background and history of its central character and she thusly feels more of an essential character. In the first film, it felt like Lisbeth was little more than a sidekick character to Blomkvist within her own franchise but she takes center stage here revealing interesting details about her past and informing and playing off of events that felt like perfunctory appendages in the first film.
The main problem with workshops at a con, of course, is that audience and panelists are all over the place in regards to experience and knowledge. Many in the audience at each workshop were only to the point of just thinking about the possibility of self-publishing while I’m chomping at the bit for marketing data with validating results. Some of the panelists aren't really savvy about how to actually publish and market in the digital world. But then I don’t have the access to marketing promotions that folk a step above have and are using (Nook First, early entry into Amazon programs, etc.). In all, my expectations were set too high; therefore, I was disappointed.
I am obsessive about visiting art galleries and museums and this gallery is one of our favorites! Situated on the waterfront in a super modern building, this gallery has the most inspiring and innovative exhibits, the sweetest gift shop and - yay! - ample parking. Plus, Thursday nights are free!
We worship Thy name in its wonder sublime.
So, if Zombie is on the menu, instead of a hack and slash Zombie IV film, try one of these comics. They will not disappoint.
While I have you though, I thought I would show you a row I completed for a swap that I am part of. This is my food row for my Robin Rower's group. One more row and we'll each have enough rows to make a quilt.
Last week, Yum Restaurants India-owned Pizza Hut rolled out 4-5 inch pizzas in select markets such as Gurgaon-NCR at entry-level prices of Rs 29 each – that’s the lowest in the Indian market by any player and the lowest for any of 117 countries where Louisville-based $12 billion Yum Brands operates.
come at random. Some of God's favorite ones
There is also another group of people that I regularly encounter as I drive through certain parts of Atlanta on my way to meet a client or record my TV show. I see those who are living in impoverished conditions. I see many homeless people in addition to some who look like they may just be one step away from similar circumstances. What is worse is that a sense of hopelessness and despair hovers in the air and weighs on their faces.
His Grace-Filled Prose
But not so much, that did not give me fear
Go Daddy said it felt the shift, but did not provide specific numbers, and has announced that it is opposed to the Stop Online Piracy Act.
Worryingly, the report indicates that the UK intelligence services lack the oversight that would prevent crimes like complicity in torture from recurring in the future. It recommends that:
We know that's not possible but it's the reason so many Canadians are buying houses they cannot afford. Thanks to cheap money they intend to buy houses they assume will increase in value at a rate greater than inflation. It's a better long-term investment than a savings account as well as an attractive short term investment if they intend to flip the property. However, we know that many young Canadians are postponing home ownership because of sky-rocketing house prices. So where exactly is the demand coming from that not only keeps house prices in key Canadian markets from falling but continuously rising? What's driving the market? Perhaps looking south can help us answer that.
How do I want to start this? 5 months of planning, countless trips to the bike shop, hundreds of emails, facebook conversations, and phone calls, a route overhaul 2 days before take off, and finally it has all started. Last night we bid farewell to our friends and family in Flagstaff, AZ, and boarded our 11 hour Amtrak ride to Los Angeles. Fueled by Mrs. Beger’s cookies, we are currently waiting in the Starbucks at LA Union Station to board our 34 train ride to Seattle.
A Shakespeare’s sonnet,
The pressure was on at Cape Canaveral, the US was losing the space race. The Soviet’s had succeeded in getting the first satellite into Earth’s orbit four years earlier, and in the seven months since Yuri Gagarin became the first man in space another Russian, Gherman Titov, had safely returned from orbit.
On the back, these stamps carried by a cute happy butterfly-postie made possible this card to arrive in here. Church and Cathedral from Sieradz and Gniezno respectively. Two churches, one cathedral. Both with green roof. Joy!
Even more exciting is that this is just a sign of things to come, who knows what they will think of next :3
-chocolate chips
Title: Two Imaginary Girls
Impressions of a Medic at Impressions of a Medic at Mighty Men - 28 April 2009
- an attempt, effectively, to abolish habeas corpus, which guarantees an individual the right to a trial. It is believed to date back to the Magna Carta. The government wanted to hold 'terror' suspects for up to 90 days without trial. (Independent)
The thing is this one friend has depression, an eating disorder and a genetic condition she has had since birth which makes her understandably very sad, depressed and moody. She knows this, but I wonder when she will be happy. Once she told me that having a boyfriend makes her happy, but some how I feel sick by the thought, because I like to be independent. Somehow she is so emotionally dependent on a guy but also on me that it makes me want to run! As horrible as it sounds, it is true, I don’t like it when people rely on someone too much, because lets be honest this world is constantly changing and people change too so how can you rely on something so unstable? That’s my outlook anyway!
As I was writing this, I started talking to Ted about it again and the tears came, streaming down my face and if I had let it happen, I would have been sobbing. We ended up standing in the living room hugging for a few minutes.
The weather has been a bit colder since the calendar turned to August so it did not seem weird to eat a hot soup during the summer. But, even if it was hot I think I would still make this delicious, creamy chowder made of seasonal ingredients. The corn and cauliflower came from a local farm, and the garlic, shallots, and potatoes from my garden.
200-300 £5.39
Anyway I'll keep you posted as to how the events unfold with the good Doctor.
Chinese light soya sauce, 2 table spoons
minimalism was where it was at, and Bush-style conceptualism
White citizens of South Africa have experienced violence from their black fellow citizen like no other people on the planet. Since the ANC came to power in 1994, 45,000 to 50,000 white citizens have been murdered. Over 90,000 children, young girls and women have been raped. Boer farmers represent 40,000 SA’s of which well over 3,000 have been murdered. They are being murdered at four times the national average which discounting the Boers is the worse murder rate in the world. These farmer murders are the vilest and reprehensible murders in that the victims are raped, viciously tortured having boiling water poured down their throats, burned with irons, tendons cut, sexual mutilations and finally having their throats cut. Many, many more have survived attacks, robberies, and random beatings. Genocide Watch believes that that since the ANC has come to power in 1994 the crimes statistics are much higher and with the help of the government, the police and the world press they have managed to cover it up. Indeed the South African police and government have stopped reporting Black on White crime statistics to hide what is happening from the rest of the world.
Methods of paying online will be made more secure. The USA already has a card chip standard, which doesn’t rely on using PINs, as an online authorisation strategy. Online retailers are likely to continue to use 3D secure solutions to payment problems – that is, using a code and password to complete an online transaction. Various techniques to prevent ID theft are also being developed as this is a growing problem.
BB3 – 5.8 million (average)
I even rang my son to see if he could shed some light...
Mr. Yarnworks returned to the war and I dutifully went to PT 3x a week for 6 weeks. While I enjoyed the massages, they really didn't help the headache. Exploring my options, I also visited an eye doctor for the first time in....well, in my adult life. I'd felt that my vision was getting worse, but had avoided the eye doctor, so with the headache, it was time to go. Verdict? 20/20 vision....but it COULD be corrected to 20/15 if I wanted. So I got glasses. They greatly help with road signs and such, but didn't help with the headaches. So at least I ruled that out. The eye doctor was also a bit concerned about my field-of-vision test, which showed a blip on each eye where I couldn't see. The same spot on each eye, just mirror image. To her, that screamed of a pituitary gland issue.
The highlights of the results as pointed out by Ruger CEO Michael Fifer:
Deli meats, chips, sodas, gallons of tea and lemonade
I've had a smartphone for more than a year. In that time I've downloaded quite a few apps, but the only one I've paid for is the full version of Words With Friends, because it went on sale and the price was right.
Alastair Campbell, the man once called Tony Blair’s “unelected spin doctor”, has denied news reports that he was appointed Najib’s adviser to help him win the 13th general elections, widely expected to be held within the next 6 months. Campbell, who was the former British PM’s powerful director of strategy and communications, said on Twitter that he has not even been to Malaysia, let alone visit Najib to advise him on his image.
This month I am working with the adorable Aiko collection. The Aiko collection is so beautiful with whimsical prints and the prettiest color combinations.
Edited to add - Yes, yes, I know. I've been told that the bat didn't, in fact, land on Justin Bieber's face. I guess it was Logan Lerman, whoever that is. All those teen stars look alike to me. Sorry.
Who dost the tongue with power imbue.
Stampendous White embossing powder
I believe in the ordinary day
It’s no wonder nonChristians have a low view of church and Christians. We have a reputation of wanting things, demanding conformity, rejecting sinners, and pretending we are better than we are. It’s nauseating!
on the 3rd of March.
performed on stage last century by actor Richard Burton and luckily for those of us who care, the performance was transformed into a movie Doctor Faustus (1967), directed by Richard Burton and Nevil Coghill. That theatrical performance will remain a treat for anyone who loves good theatre. (This critic, while a college student, saw that film in 1972 in a near empty commercial movie hall in Thyagaraja Nagar, Chennai, India.) It was the only work that Burton ever directed but he was able to capture and distil the finest elements of good theatre with visual finesse and magical eloquence on film for posterity. Marlowe’s Faustus was a German scholar in Wittenburg, who having learnt everything in conventional academia yearns for more, especially the dark arts, and signs a pact with the devil (Mephistopheles) to sell his soul if he gets knowledge beyond conventional academics, power over knights and courtiers of Charles V, and the carnal pleasures resulting from the company of Helen of Troy (Elizabeth Taylor plays the cameo part in the film) for a period of 24 years. Marlowe’s Faustus later repents that he will be deprived of the pleasures of heaven but the devil wins the philosophical joust at the end.
In other words, even though you’re the one asking Our Heavenly Father
However after a couple of months using Trophy, I can easily say, that it was one of the expenses i deeply regret and if it wasn’t form my laziness i would sell it long time ago. Microsoft os sometimes managed to drive me to despair and to the desire to throw it away.
Created just fifteen days ago, Frankie Stein is psyched to trade her father's formaldehyde-smelling basement lab for parties and cheerleading. But with a student body totally freaked out by rumors of monsters who might be stalking the halls, Frankie finds that life in the "normi" world can be rough for a chic freak like her.
The CSA is going really well..my pickup is on Friday and every Thursday night I’m usually scrambling to use up what I had from the week before. I think I also came up with a good way to quantify how much money I’m spending…well, a couple ways.
January we found out we were pregnant with Little One number two. And basically lived in the doctor's office for the first eight weeks. Everything's fine now - just a lil' stressful at the beginning.
(Photo: my aunt Anne in our new digs)
Wall Street
Friday Mama and I drove to VA via Ikea and Aldi (say hello to German memories!)!
The following is the original post from May 2, 2011:
I've been curious about dyeing fabric. In the past I've had unsatisfactory results with RIT dye. The colors are weak and drab, and the pigments stain in every subsequent wash. Seeing Lucie Summers's recent post in which she overdyed her new collection of prints with Moda Fabrics, Summersville, my enthusiasm for hand dyeing was renewed.
I drove up from the crossroads. It was one hundred metres from the VG grocery shop on the corner. I knew that because I’d measured it with a measuring wheel from school when we were learning about measurements, units and maths. Then I could see the school railings. They comprised of a wall bricked up to about a foot high upon which were yard high gloss black railings each ending in a point.
Kids will be Kids, whatever happened to that meaning they might grab a neighbor’s hubcap, or tip a cow in a field, or spray-paint their name on a building? Is it no one's fault or is it all of our faults.
INDIE PRIDE: mini-challenge
This was 1T unsalted butter (ok, we didn’t have butter so we used canola oil instead but he wanted me to write down butter) + one can condensed milk (395g Moça) + some lime juice + some almonds. This was heated up and stirred continuously because it is sticky and can get stuck to the bottom and burn. We heated this up until it was thick enough to pull apart from the bottom of the pan. This is one of the layers in the dessert.
Just leave me a comment here and say you would like to win. (Yes that simple!)
I need to vent just a bit.
Martha from Lines from Linderhof gave me this Friends Award. It is my very first award and I am just thrilled. I certainly have made friends in blogland. It's sweet of you to recognise me. Thank you, Martha.
“I’m sure they were just too poor to be able to care for a child with a heart condition. So they made the best, most loving decision they could under the circumstances.”
The story goes that Sahm was offered a chance to become a member of the Grand Ole Opry, but that his mother said no -- she wanted him to finish junior high school.
Another way of looking at it is that we’ve seen that the energy has some sort of relationships to the consciousness of human beings, and one theory is that the energy sensitizes one’s psychic capabilities if you’re subjected to these energies, that you’re able to tune them in more. It’s not just that that they’re tuning it in, it’s like we’re tuning them in. It works both ways.
I took several pictures of the water lilies on Saturday. Surprisingly, I didn’t get eaten, b/c that would just suck.
Speaking of green, this drink does an admirable job of being just that. Chartreuse and green crème de menthe are key ingredients and certainly do their part color-wise. But I found myself perversely wishing they had also thrown in some Midori to blow the green right off the chart.
As for the Greek bondholders, Papandreou has given them a copper-bottomed excuse not to turn up at the hairdressers. (I don’t believe they were ever going to, but that’s another matter for history to think about). Meanwhile, I have it on good authority that all of the remaining PIIGs have indeed made discreet enquiries about the chances of a special Happy Hour at the hairdressers at some later date – precisely what Merkel always feared.
The iconic views from the Eiffel Tower or Sacré Coeur reveal hundreds of attractions for the snap happy visitor, while mime artists and characteur painters dwell in the tourist crouds.
~Hotel and race details, directions
1. Where does time exist? In what realm?
Bronwen has a habit that makes me (and you other mothers out there) cringe. It is not completely uncommon among preschoolers, but she really seems to revel in how much it revolts me. I have attempted to convince her to stop with protestations of how dirty and yucky it is, but to no avail. Yesterday, we had another conversation about it, and I tried a different approach (which you will find, FAILED)! If you were a fly on the wall, here is what you would have heard transpire:
WOW. This is one of the best casts ever.
Meat glue is made up of the coagulant of the blood of pigs and cows. The scientific name for this compound is “transglutaminase.” Someone figured out that you could use this stuff to stick pieces of meat together, and you can sell that meat as something else. As an example, I saw a video showing a chef using meat glue on stew meat and then serving it up as Filet Mignon. And the usage is prevalent in restaurants.
I have a good laugh at the colloquial and now seemingly outdated turn of phrase Captain Munro has, with expressions like: "He's out to the wide," and, "They descended like swallows in the spring." When the Doctor and Liz first meet, Katie points out that Liz's sideburns match the Doctor's. We briefly discuss Pertwee's penchant for stunts and how even in his very first episode he gets a chase scene in a wheelchair. At the end of the first episode Katie is shocked that they shot the Doctor and compares it to when David Tennant's Doctor gets his arm cut off in his first adventure, The Christmas Invasion, noting, "If David Tennant can grow a new arm, Jon Pertwee can get shot and survive." Unfortunately the bullet only grazed him so we'll never know if he would have survived something more serious.
True story*: sixty percent of this movie's budget was spent on duct tape. Also a true story*: so much duct tape was used during the making of Red, White & Blue that America had itself a national shortage of The Serial Killer's Favourite. Red, White & Blue is so sticky-tape happy that almost every character ends up tied up with the stuff at some point. There's a great scene in which angry Nate (Taylor) turns up outside a victim's house, several rolls of tape hanging off've his belt. I haven't seen so much duct tape used in a film since that one time I spent all evening** watching certain specialist videos on myvideo.
If you prefer a “middle of the market” home design, this probably doesn’t make much sense to you.
In which case of course - as the Stronger Unions blog does - we must explain why rational employers understand the value of trade union organisation of the workforce (as their unwanted Poujadist cheerleaders of the "Taxpayers Alliance" do not).
I’m not physically disfigured but my soul is. Souls don’t matter in my fragile frame of mind.
ME: I DON'T HAVE TIME FOR QUESTIONS! JUST. COME. HOME. Oh, and pick up some duct tape.
Question for you: what do you use to clean crayon "art" off the windows?? Our current art has been up for months and I'm hoping the artist will update his work if we clean the window.
-Plan a late night date after dinner and go out for drinks and dessert. You still get to treat yourselves, but you will spend less than if you were to go out for dinner.
And the thing is, it’s not over. Other countries, including the US west coast, may face the tsunami as well. Be safe, my friends, and family. -end
Thankfully, that owl reminded me who He really is. He could make all of the problems go away, but a clay jar that has not been through the fire will never be of any use to anyone. He knows that we have such short memories, and so he has to constantly remind us how much we need Him. In my case, he showed me the worst version of myself, and when I ran from it, I ran into Him.
So I ask: If you could bake or make just one treat this season, what would it be? I'd love to know! (And links to your favorite recipes are always appreciated.)
Sometimes talking with liberals is perplexing. You never know what claim they will make next or what name they will call you. Take David Axelrod’s response to Standard & Poor’s recent credit action: He calls it the “Tea Party downgrade.” Amazingly, he blames the United States’ loss of its AAA bond rating on the one group that has sounded the alarm about our fiscal crisis. How did the president’s leading adviser come up with a label so detached from reality?
and me !
My current BMI is 43.5 (for those of you paying attention that is classified as MORBIDLY OBESE). A healthy BMI is supposed to be in the range of 18.5 – 24.9. For my height, that means that a healthy weight is in the range of 118 to 159 pounds.
How to Get Rid of Pimples Fast
Like the Communist revolutionaries and Frankfurt school plotters who came before them, the malevolent old men who came of age in the 1960's and 1970's and who rule us now, remain fixated with changing the world, and my God they have done so, although not for the better. Our betterment never was their plan. They have brought change in the form only of destruction, and that was, and remains, the whole point. What should replace that which they destroy is less relevant to them, in fact I doubt they even care, they remain obsessed with their all consuming hatred of the once great and powerful West, and that leaves little room for anything else.
As I was reading it I found myself thinking....that's exactly how I feel. I used to think I had to
I worked on a few tea blends per friends requests. I also drank a lot of tea today, yikes! I then cracked out a long overdue blog for the tea blog and got back in gear with another tea social media type site I belong to. It was a tea filled day for sure! I also got some quality snuggles and fun in with the cats. They can pretend they didn’t like it, but I know they did!
December 31, 2011 Saturday
The left wing media in Norway seem to find these cases of blatant racism rather inconvenient. It’s apparently more fun to write about Norwegian ‘racists’ rather than stories about Mohammed the racist.
Oh, and DON'T forget...the Springfield Extravaganza (May 14-16) - we'll be set up in a new spot (just across from where we normally are) - spaces #621 and #634 . We'll also be joined by our friend, Ginny, and she's bringing some beautiful antiques to sell as well. She shops auctions and estates - and has a great eye for unique things! Please stop by and say hi, and check out all of our great finds (we've been like squirrels stashing things away all winter in our storage space...and, yes, we'll bring a few clocks too!). With more than 2000 vendors, this show is a must see!!!
ambages n.pl.;windings, roundabout ways, delays. My writing is full of ambages--and they usually take me to interesting intellectual places.
Breathless Press and one other party offered on my manuscript. Two out of forty something wasn’t bad for a first try! I thank my editor Jackie Moore for seeing potential in my first draft and working with me to make my piece the best it can be. Crimson & Steel was released on October 14th. It is my first published work of any kind. Set in the Noricum province of ancient Rome, it follows the lives of two girls. One is a trained pleasure slave from the eastern desert, the other a naïve Germanic servant. A second part entitled Scarlet Sands will be released on a date yet to be determined.
Can you open to page 25 and tell us what’s happening?
If you want a clinic on how not to write or perform a horror comedy, you can watch this. If you want to hear one legendary funnyman, one hardworking producer, and this squirrely nut trying to crack each other up to compensate for the lack of laughs, this one is right up your alley. There is a retroactive poignance to this track since neither me nor HOSTEL producer Scott Spiegel were aware that Fred Travalena was valiantly fighting cancer when he sat down with us, and would ultimately lose that fight a few months later; he coulda fooled us, as he was fast with the quips and honest with his assessments on the state of comedy. It's essentially the career retrospective interview that would not have happened were it not for a movie that Fred probably would have been happy to forget, so something good came out of it all.
Speaking of support, I want to congratulate Traci on her new book! If you're interested you should check out the amazon link on her site. So head on over, see what she's doing today and look at her awesome new book!
High Line: The Inside Story of New York City’s Park in the Sky by Joshua David and Robert Hammond (Farrar, Straus and Giroux New York, 2011).
- Station with speakers for atmosphere
As a seasoned Nanoer, you’d expect me to go with Nanowrimo. After all, I’ve never even written a script before (barring a few five-minute skits I wrote for high school theatre class), while I have roughly half a dozen half-finished novels floating around my bedroom and ideas for at least half a dozen more. On the Script Frenzy site there’s a forum for Nano-turned-Screnziers, where novelists share the woes of trying to write a script.
“The whole thing is barmy. These people are determined to achieve their final objective.
We wrestle every day with one desire or another, with the next need or want or craving. Our minds are restlessly making decisions or avoiding them. Honestly, many of us do not win half of our battles and things go awry and not our way.
Surprise Blue Door #3B is where you are ushered to the x-ray machine so they can take an x-ray of your chest. This is also where they take away the cardigan you've been carrying in front of your ta-tas. Chin up, arms out, stop giggling nervously, take a breath, snap, grab cardigan, go back to Blue Door #3 to re-cover your ta-tas, then go back out to the...
Last, when you see me, rather than exclaiming "you still have a crutch?!" I'd much rather you to say "wow, you only have one crutch, now?!" Because that's what I need to hear. I'm really working my ass off and I'm already hard enough on myself. Thanks.
(Off screen)
I came out to the deck after the above described procrastinating and finally sat down to complete my morning pages, in the afternoon. My morning journal has been something quite helpful to me, beginning initially as a means to diarize my “feelin’s and emotions” and then later progressing to what it has now become, more a hardcover chat with myself. It’s where I can record anything and everything, no topics left unturned, but primarily just a method to let some of my thoughts out. It’s amazing how the process of writing down something, anything, can establish a flow of thought, of ideas, and feelings. It was these thoughts and feelings that I want to capture here, so here I am. I don’t want to neglect my paper pages but as I started to chat with myself in them I realized that here was where I wanted to be, not only on my deck but writing here on this blog. Why? Can’t say exactly, other than my hope is to inspire some thought within someone else, perhaps inspire them to step onto their deck or into their yard, and let the beauty of life surround them.
Then, on one tired night midway through the game as your character staggers to bed, you find yourself thinking. The message comes up again, exactly as it does every night. But this time, you start to wonder what that message actually means.
Followed by a facilitated discussion, upstairs at the Labia on Orange on 5,7 & 11th March at 18h15.
2. Daniel Baldwin was the arson investigator. I cannot tell one Baldwin apart from the next. I have a hypothesis that they are the same person but with variation in make-up/fat-suit. Pictures of the “brothers” together are doctored.
Not content to merely talk about it, or send a USPS letter about it (long distance! too expensive!), they made their own “fanatic magazines”, or fanzines. These were the rawest of raw by the most amateur of amateurs. The art was drawn, and then hectographed (by gelatin plates) or sometimes a raid to the local high to use the mimeograph machine!
Tear Away Process for etching Precious Metal Clay
Some festival goers came along to the big day especially to see The Control.
Buddha: A really depressing book by this guy Chris Hedges.
Behav Modif 1999 Jul;23(3):379-402 Lichstein KL, Peterson BA, Riedel BW, Means MK, Epperson MT, Aguillard RN Department of Psychology, University of Memphis, TN 38152, USA. Internet Health Library
In other words, they thought…that David would not be able to dealing with the disappointment of losing his child. Yes…his DREAMS WERE SHATTERED. But David himself was not shattered. His world underneath his feet has been shaken, but HIS HEART had remained steadfast. He also understood that even though he could not change the heart of God in the matter, he could touch the heart of God in WORSHIP.
Old Post Office Pavilion
“The huge influx of 130,000 Irish immigrants in the years between 1846 and 1853 provoked a resurgence of nativist hostility against Boston’s Irish population.
P. Pet peeves: I have a few...those I have talked about are people driving the wrong way on a one-way street and when hairstylists cut my hair wrong. I also hate when people smack their food.
Cleaning a subway or fixing a window will not solve the problem. No one holding a gun says to himself, “I’m not going to go shoot this guy because they really cleaned up the neighborhood recently.” The broken windows theory seems to be a classic case of mistaking an effect for a cause. It does serve the purpose of providing easy, doable solutions to deep, intractable problems like unemployment and poverty, though. And for that reason, it makes sense that its popularity has been so durable.
I love the way that this turned out in the end. Iam LOVIN this colour combo and can see me using it a LOT! The image has been coloured using prisma pencils. It’s the 1st time i’ve used that bluey/turqoisey coloured pencil and i LOVE it. The wooden snowflake is smothered in glitter but the pic doesn’t show just how sparkly this is. The papers are a mixture of basic grey/bo bunny and papermania. The ribbon and button from stash (coloured button with copics)
thing."
All this, and the twilight of American empire that gives it its context and importance, will be central to a series of posts I plan on beginning here in the not too distant future. In the meantime, though, there are a few more points about magic I want to discuss, and weave back into the discussion of Green Wizardry that has guided this blog for almost a year and a half now.
Interestingly enough, our cruise ship also housed a lighthouse – The Boardwalk Bar! The world's largest ship, Allure of the Seas, boasts seven “neighborhoods” which we found to be a truly unique experience. The Boardwalk was home to a full-sized carousel, Johnny Rocket's restaurant, the breathtakingly impressive Aqua Theater and of course, The Boardwalk Bar. We stopped by a few times on our trip to grab a daiquiri (or two)!
But then, one glorious day, I walked through a model home (one of my favorite things to do!), and found IT!!
Eyes of the Nun (video) – Producer
I recently saw an article on umpteen ways to avoid overwhelm. Just looking at that article made me feel overwhelmed! So, let’s do them one at a time. You can start to move forward today, and feel like you are doing SOMETHING to improve how you feel and where you are. If on the other hand, you are currently doing this practice, you can check it off your mental box, and feel GREAT.
Yes, if the art is of very high quality, the publisher may accept something already illustrated. THAT'S NOT YOU. I'm talking about Jerry Pinkney or Kadir Nelson or Marla Frazee or somebody whose art is exemplary and in high demand.
Is there any family history of breast cancer?
God will continue to remain nailed to a cross or locked up in the tabernacle.
Putting out the Free Reads was a very positive and rewarding experience. I received a lot of feedback, and after adding the newsletter signup to the end of my stories, I've gotten people I don't know who want to be kept in the loop as to my future releases.
You can do it, and more importantly, your little one can too! Take this inspiration and use it as your fuel!
Who hastens, too, to meet me there.
The stress has hit my nails too and twice now I had to cut them completely off, right to the meat. It hurts like hell for three days, even doing just simple work with your hands. You understand what I'm talking about. But most importantly, with all the work and other stuff in my life, I'm neglecting my nails. Not proud of it, but hey, it happens. That's why I'll do what I planned (and kinda succeeded) to do last year during this time of year. I'm taking a short break from blogging. A couple of weeks, I dare say, with dropping in every once in a while. Somewhat like my blogging is now, but now i'm making it 'official', if you will. If I'll have a spare moment to edit the billion photos I have and write about it, I'll definitively do that - like today, as I'm resting from the exam I had in the morning. I'm also hoping to post a couple of guest posts, if all will go as planned.
5 3/4″ Ice Cream Shift and Layer/Shadow
To begin, workshop participants will visit a series of flood-control dams and landslide remediation structures in the San Gabriel Mountains; we will move from there to explore remnant urban oil fields, camouflaged drilling rigs, the La Brea Tar Pits, and other spatial side-effects of the region’s fossil fuel industry; we will study Southern California’s seismological sensing infrastructure; we will visit designers and engineers at the Caltech Robotics Lab; we will walk the streets of a once-thriving neighborhood that collapsed into the sea long ago due to relentless coastal erosion; and we will discuss the city’s troubled history with water diversion schemes—including dry lakes and dust storms—through a sustained look at the role of water in California’s landscapes of agri-business.
*Currently home to 'Ghost' a musical based on a film.
--A volunteer and her husband made turkey tetrazzini for one of our lunches last week.
There has been years of ongoing dispute as to whether the teachers and school system are primarily responsible for the care of a child or whether that sole responsibility lies in the hands of the child’s parents. I have always believed that it takes a village to raise a child so in this bill; you will see that the responsibility will lie at the breastplate of all parties involved.
The Gate in the ceiling delivered them into a twelve-foot-high room at close to a hundred miles an hour. Pevan folded her mind back over itself, flicking from the old Gateway to the one she needed. It was more like releasing a caught bird than imposing her will on the world, the Gates leaping from her mind into the ceiling-and-floor positions that gave them infinite height to slow down into.
This official greeter at the Galle Face Hotel has been at his post for something like 70 years!
This ghastly rom-com about a relationship between a bereaved self-help author and a lonely florist is told as a series of fatuous homilies about ‘recovery’. This entire list could have been composed of failed, foolish American studio romantic-comedies.
Morgana - Fire Brick
Tae Mu is now really creepy and refuses to let her leave him. She moved out of the apartment he got her and he asks her to return to it. He also tells her that his father has accepted her (yeah, right) and that he accepts everything about her.
I mean the pull of checking that tweet is so great that I’m now having a conversation in my head:
March 30, 1955; March 21, 1956
today, me, Chala, Pauline and Thangorthemotherinlaw embarked on a traditional British Easter pastime, of driving to the coast and wandering disconsolately around a faded seaside resort in the pissing rain. With this heartwarming recipe in mind, we drove all the way to Ingoldmells near Skegness in Lincolnshire.
I could write this year's list by mentioning only one director, one series, and one venue –HANDS UP! ESSENTIAL SKOLIMOWSKI- which played from July 22-August 25 at the Pacific Film Archive in Berkeley, California. I had never heard of Skolimowski until my friend Charles suggested I check him out. His films are what defined my year of movie watching more than any others. Though regretfully, I did miss a few.
I applaud you and your unsolicited, uncomfortably personal, overly informative, well meaning rhetoric.
I love honour and respect the Christ consciousness.
Whats my resolution?...... guess you just have to follow me and ill let you now later on,lol
If a character doesn’t work in a particular story, or grows in another direction, the story becomes different – a new story. If one insists on keeping the same story, then the characters must change.
These two were my favorite floats. I love the giant turkey and the kids were thrilled to see Santa for the first time this year!
The best way I’ve found to remember a swim set is either to:
After one month of my Project: HoofnHorn campaign, I have my first report completed. In March, I amassed $179.98. This includes $15 won on an Oregon Lottery Scratch-It ticket. This total equals .0299% of my total goal. So, unless I want to spend the next 3344* months (278* years!) raising this money,I’d better step it up!
in his restoring his relationship with
Finally, the map gives no indication that there's a missing "tooth" in the site plan on Block 1128, between Dean and Pacific Street, 100 feet east of Sixth Avenue. That's the width of five houses. Two of those houses have been demolished and the space will be used for a broadcast support area. Three houses remain privately owned, though they occupy land designed for a future project building. Everything east of that is not part of the project site.
Modeh Ani: A Good Morning Book by Sarah Gershman with illustrations by Kristina Swarner
The Stamp Act of 1765 was a was a tax that the British Parliament imposed on their colonies in British America. Printed materials such as magazines, legal documents, newspapers had to be produced on stamped paper made in London that carried an embossed revenue stamp. The tax had to be paid in valid British currency, not in Colonial paper money, and its purpose was to help pay for the British troops stationed in America.
Setting: My two sons, chatting happily much too early in the morning for my liking. I come in and tell them to be quiet, once. Brief silence. Then, they begin the chatting again. I come in a second time:
I found a pair of screech owls about 500 yards away (down the street) from Site 2 I had the intention of seeing if any owls were around by imitation, but I heard one calling first (all the better), then saw it flying through a couple of trees, it looked like it was catching insects in and around the branches as it was flying from branch to branch more like a warbler than an owl. It was eventually joined by a second owl. So ‘she’ is not incubating yet. But they should be staying near by. From the experience watching owls with the boxes, they don’t travel very far right after fly out.
For the fourth year in a row, Tour de Fat is looking for volunteers to accept the swapper challenge. One volunteer in each city will give up their car and receive a hand-built Black Sheep (http://www.blacksheepbikes.com/) commuter bike. The volunteer is chosen after submitting a video or essay describing their desire to live sans-car for a year. To submit an application, log on to http://www.newbelgium.com/tour-de-fat.
Scooter Libby may be a fall guy but he will probably go to jail in the summer. It is winter now. Out West, where Vice President Cheney vacations, the aspens are all bare. In the summer they will start blooming and then in the fall they will turn again. They turn in clusters, because their roots connect them. But there is one aspen standing tall all alone. I don't think the Vice President will have to worry about that aspen turning and revealing the connecting roots. See how soothing nature can be?
Dazzling and joyous, Eau de Paradis springs to life in a burst of freshness, a frisson of voluptuousness.
Bill Clinton, for example, has already upped his net worth to $38 million -- and the big fella never even did that lucrative McDonald's ad campaign we all expected him to cash in on.
Two years after its release, Amenábar's movie Agora is continuing to perpetuate some modern myths about the history of science. The latest person to swallow its fable-version of history is a geologist called Donald Prothero, who is one of a number of bloggers at Skepticblog and who has written a glowing review of the film entitled "Hypatia, Agora and Religion vs Science". Prothero is Professor of Geology at Occidental College in Los Angeles and, judging from his posts, someone who has been keeping up the fight against the irrational idiots of the "Creation Science" movement and its latest stalking horse, the "Intelligent Design" political lobby. For that he deserves both our thanks and our pity. Unfortunately, probably as a consequence, he has bought the "Conflict Thesis" idea wholesale and so is happy to find it being reinforced by the version of history found in Agora. Of course, it's probably not entirely fair to expect a geologist to have much of a grasp of Late Roman history or to be up on the early history of science. But he seems to be taken as an authority on these matters by the readers of Skepticblog, judging from the readers' comments. Which is a worry, because, despite referring to "scholarly sources" that he consulted when writing his review, he makes a complete hash of the history behind this story.
Ahh. Last month I never went in to get my Depo shot because I don't really see the point of taking it while he is gone and plus I haven't had a period in roughly 3 years. That can NOT be healthy at my age. I have never had kids and we have decided to start trying once he is back and I am a licensced RN. I am excited but scared. Anyways...on to my story. Today I wake up from my nap crying for no reason, I cried when I did the dishes, I cried while cleaning the bathroom. I am just a wreck. I had no reason to be sad. Hubby did nothing to me, I just cried and I couldn't stop really. I really hope my horomones straighten out sometime soon because I cannot be dealing with this for much longer.
….and the nurse confirmed that “whoops”…there must have been a miscommunication, yes, the trial in fact is tomorrow morning. (I may, or may have not, gone ballistic on this woman, I may have called the hospital irresponsible, asked how many law suits they have had against them recently, my claws and fangs may have popped out, jus’ a lil’…my husband may or may have not said “THAT. WAS. AWESOME…I have never heard you talk to someone like that.”
And although it has been almost twelve years since conflict broke out between the two, will this cause another war? And how many deaths does it take to make both parties realize we must come up with better conflict resolution. It is clear that the peace treaty signed by both parties is not respected.
Chick-fil-A Chicken Strip
I pull again.
When God created the world, he knew the people He made would eventually get themselves into trouble - and His own son would end up paying the price.
Recent El Niños happened in 1986-1987, 1991-1992, 1993-1994, 1997-1998; and in 2002-2003, 2004-2005, 2006-2007 and 2009-2010.
This corresponds pretty closely with the larger concept of evil in Islam. To put this in perspective, much of the Christian conception of evil, in particular in the Patristic and Medieval periods, relates to the Christian understanding of the resurrection of Christ as an act of salvation by which God redeemed humanity to Himself. In some ways, it’s useful to think of Christian writers as working backwards – they understood that Christ had died to save mankind, and that in doing so, God had redeemed mankind. Therefore there must have been something they were being redeemed from, and a condition they were being released from. The two answers early Christian writers came up with were Sin and Death, a conception which understood that all people who had lived before the lifetime of Jesus as living an existence essentially infected by sin (thus, the concept of Original Sin). The essential link between Sin and Death in early Christian thinking is well-illustrated by a series of mystery plays that circulated in Syriac in the second and third centuries, which take place in hell during the three days in which Christ was cast down. The plays narrate a wtf? conversation between the Devil and the personification of Death, with the Devil freaking out and Death acting as a sort of Grouch Marx-style commentary on his hysteria. They are, actually, hilarious. But more to the point, they highlight how closely akin these ideas were understood as being by early Christians.
In addition, several applicants have applied for the priority schemes enabling married children to stay close to their parents. About 30 percent of the applicants also took up the Married Child Priority Scheme (MCPS) while eight pairs of parents with their married children have made use of the Multi Generation Priority Scheme (MGPS) for the BTO flats in Bedok.
We performed the "Judy, Letty, Katie" show at an art gallery, a women's center, and at four house parties. Our goal was to reach those voters still on the fence about voting for Obama. Amazing to me that so many of these intelligent women had been frightened by the malicious lies and ugly rumors -- exactly what the opponents had hoped for. The politics of fear! But after each event 3 or 4 women came up to tell us we'd helped them feel better about voting for Obama. Every vote counts, every vote has consequence. We fell into bed at night exhausted, often after very late suppers at the few restaurants that remained open until 11pm. And we were only on the road a week. I can't begin to imagine what it was like to be on the campaign trail for 22 months. Well, I can....but I don't want to go there. What strength and stamina it takes! It's too much for anyone and I hope we never have to go through a campaign that lasts this long again. I hope it as a voter and I hope it for the candidates.
Okay, see you soon
See my other update from earlier this evening (4/25/2012) for the full update:
52. Nobody want dutty powder. People will not respect you if you have a bad reputation.
The diamond miner reported a loss per share of 5.23 cents for the first half from earnings per share of 6.79 cents a year ago. Adjusted EPS before unrealised foreign exchange movements and non-recurring transaction costs rose to 2.46 cents from 0.86 cents previously.
"YOU LOOK TERRIFIC"
11 nothing
The book tells the story of Kemal, who hoards ordinary items to recapture the happiness he felt during a passionate but ill-fated love affair.
You may not know this, either, but there are three primary names of God in the Old Testament:
3.) Alright now comes the rigorous part. After you beans have soaked as long as you can bear it (10-12 hours is usual for me) then you can start you cooking. Drain the beans in a colander than cover them with a few cups of fresh water in a large pot and bring that baby to a boil. Then reduce to simmer and cover, with a little room for steam to escape. (If you get some white foam at first you can skim it off with a spoon, though it won't hurt you.) How long you let it sit and simmer depends on many things: what quantity of beans you are cooking, how long they soaked, what phase the moon is in, and most of all, whether or not you have dinner guests. But I have found that the most common length of time is between 2 and 2 and 1/2 hours for 1 cup beans. You will have to keep adding more water periodically. (But don't add salt until the end!)
She has not been happy in her nursing home. There were times when she was very unhappy, and times when she seemed better satisfied, but about two weeks ago, she told me that she definitely wanted to move to a facility nearer to my home, a particular one that she has thought well of for many years. We went to see it and take the tour, and she asked me to start the process of applying.
I just don’t get them, everything is so hierachy based and they hunt me down unnaturally just because I share the same skin colour and I fell out of my mother’s vagina within the same British-structured unnatural country border as their mothers. Big whooope doo.
Let me know you feel afterwards by leaving a comment below.
A year since I lost hope.
11 Wet, Weird & Smeared 10:14
Just a few short years ago, the idea of sledding or playing in the snow with a child that was mine was a dream that caused pain. Lot's and lot's of pain. I knew that I wanted to do this, and really I did dream about how much fun it would be. Bundling up and walking through the snow- but then I would wake myself up and find that my arms were still empty and my heart wasn't much better off than those empty arms. All that changed when we received Taliah! All of the sudden things that were only distant and painful dreams were once again revived! So, last year at the ripe old age of 18 months Talaih and I tried to go sledding. The problem was she wasn't really walking very well- very unsteady on her feet, which is only exasperated by snow! And, we didn't have a sled. But I like to improvise so we jimmy-rigged a laundry basket and I felt brilliant! Until I discovered Taliah couldn't keep her balance in the basket and we kept tipping over into the cold, cold snow. Not our best day. Now, getting on to the wow of my gift! This year Taliah is 2 and she is steady on her feet. She loves the snow and has great boots for traipsing around in the snow. With not much so so far in the season, and then the fact that it was so frigid when we finally did get a significant amount of snow we held off from sledding until Friday. I also procured a honest to goodness real sled this summer at a garage sale for the big investment of 50 cents!
20) I was an Anthro major/Psych minor.
Wifesy and I have moved together 4 times in the 4+ years we’ve been together. Needless to say, we are experts at it. By Thursday, I fully expect us to be settled and in working order in our new home. I’ve told Wifesy that after this move, I only want to move once more, into a house that we own. A house that – if we want to – we can stay in until death. I’m not sure my nomadic tendencies will even allow me to be in one place for that long. However, I’d like the option. I’d like the option of not having to move one more feckin’ box, ever again. I guess you can say, I hate moving. But, I don’t like to talk about hate. I like to talk about love…
Now I am having difficulty embeding the video into the blog, but I strongly suggest you click on the link rather then by-pass it.
TTFN!
He spends a lot of time alone, because the maintenance is crippling
A spa is the perfect place to spend time with your girls, reminisce on things you’ve done and talk about all the new things you want to do in your lives. Small hen party games and quizzes would be a fun way to interact with the girls. And why not drink some wine and indulge in some strawberries, no spa day is truly complete without them. Plus, your hen party only comes around once; we would love to really spoil you.
Not sure what tone to take or what content to include? Maybe you need some inspiration, taken directly from the good “Pastor”‘s bio page:
January Jones wouldn’t have been my first choice for Emma Frost but I think she did a pretty good job. I wasn’t hugely impressed with the effect of her in her diamond state, but as many a Twilight fan can attest…getting those damn diamond effects can be challenging. I remember Riptide releasing little projectile stakes while spinning really fast…not so much for creating tornados and crap. I’m not sure why they felt the need to change that, other than to bring down the stealth jet during the climax…which I guess is an ok reason. That devil-looking guy that looks an awful lot like Nightcrawler and uses the same teleportation effect? That would be Azazel. And he looks like Nightcrawler because he’s Nightcrawler’s daddy. Are you wondering why Nightcrawler is blue? That would be because Mystique is his mama…and threw him down a well after he was born. Azazel is biblical and should TECHNICALLY be trapped in an alternate dimension. Thanks to his teleportation skillz he’s able to come here every once in a while for just long enough to knock up a random woman. Which he does. Often.
The victims also allege they had unsuccessfully tried to open cases at the local police station.
Whenever I see someone in trouble, I help them if I am able to. We must all do that on a regular basis. This country needs to help one another and bring back caring for each other.
Here, have some egriot:
I am behind in image making, but will catch up this weekend...here is today's offering
The bite of a fluxbug contains a toxic metal substance (akin to lead or mercury) that will kill in 4-5 turns (unless a successful saving throw vs. poison is made).
SOPA would make the streaming of unauthorized content a felony and websites that violate it could be blocked by Internet Service providers and payment processors as well as de-indexed by search engines.
Get the Best From
"Writing: a way of leaving no space for death, of pushing back forgetfulness, of never letting oneself be surprised by the abyss. Of never becoming resigned, consoled; never turning over in bed to face the wall and drift asleep again as if nothing had happened; as if nothing could happen." All of these walls. I am using, I think, threaded imagery. Perhaps I should check before I begin teaching writing? Can one teach writing? Or does one write because one is compelled propelled and it is impossible to think of anyway to live if documentation did not occur, one would feel like one was stifled and needed to scream and felt itchy and exhausted and not there.
Tragic, right? Queen of sparkles can't get her bling on with her arms anymore.
I imagined a more complicated story, as I recall, most college stories tend to be. Would this young woman break into tears after hanging up the phone because she is, she thinks, in love with the male friend on the phone? Although she is trying to be a good friend, deep down, she hopes the talked about love interest turns him down? Either that, or the male friend cheated on the love interest, and this friend of the love interest is coaching him on winning her back? There was certainly drama, something you learn to avoid as you grow older. Drama is bad. Then why do we look back fondly on the most drama-filled period of our lives?!
Directions: Spoon yogurt into serving dish. Add sweetener, maple or vanilla extract and stir to combine. Add fruit, granola and nuts to top (can be stirred in if desired).
At a third level, however, the story represented a failure of the Times’ public editor, a position established in the wake of the Jayson Blair scandal to represent the readers and to champion journalistic integrity from within the paper. Then-public editor Byron Calame penned two columns on the lacrosse case. The first, which appeared in spring 2006, minimized even the factual inaccuracies that had marred Roberts’ early columns. The second, which came after the exonerations in spring 2007, denied any ideological bias to the Times coverage, and declined even to speculate on why the Times had gotten the story so wrong for so long. It was left to the AJR and the Chronicle to analyze the Times’ wreckage.
On New Year’s Day, my afternoon nap was interrupted by a knock on the door of my trailer. I was astonished to see that it was Derek, looking rather distraught and begging for a minute of my time. I invited him in and asked him what I could do for him.
Bill of Rights Defense Committee executive director Shahid Buttar began with a stark statement of his own: “At the moment, the right to trial and due process have effectively been statutorily suspended. We enjoy them because of the pleasure of the president. … every place in the world that has flirted with powers like these has descended into authoritarianism.
I don’t want this post to get deep into the true meanings of the Bible but as for this book, it is a great STORY. The only truths in it, are the ones they can prove with doctor bills.Kudos to using your kids near death experience to gain financially.
for the record: I'm ready for fall; cool temperatures, boots, leggings, sweaters. Aaahh...
Anastasia
Now granted this one is a little bigger but FREAKIN FREAK! $900!
944 ***D-V/13/1986. “Lessons from Life.” Chicago Law Foundation. The Law School, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Excerpt: Item C-1986(3), above, p. 576. Incorporated in Item B-5, above, pp. 573-81 (1992).)
Teaching yourself how to get to a better place,
HOLDER: I have not really, I have not been briefed yet.
Don't wait though.....These are only available until April 30th. Check out these and so much more at my Stampin' Up! Website. Just CLICK HERE
It’s a tough call. But then I can also be rather shy when it comes to famous people, I tend to just want to leave them alone and admire from afar, so it’s not something I’d be inclined to do normally. If I had to pick, I guess it would be Martin Scorsese, Akira Kurosawa, and Lauren Bacall.
The second (and more difficult) test to pass is the willingness of the winning party to be called to account, and to have its decisions weighed and measured by independent institutions against the yardstick of a bill of rights and just laws. This test of democracy requires that ruling parties accept limitations on their powers by institutions acting in the interests of the people as a whole, not just the ruling clique of the majority party.
“It was a labor of love, because it was four part-time jobs that all were interconnected to each other around the game of soccer. That’s kind of how I piecemealed my livelihood together,” Holocher said.
It will take place much more recently and will involve an out of town vacation where I meet and ravish someone's wife. She and I initially meet online and she agrees to travel to where I am vacationing for a sexual rendezvous. I am vacationing by the ocean alone and had not had sex for at least a month. So I was ready for this horny woman.
Way over a year removed from all this, I can honestly say that my life has calmed down quite a bit from then, even on the most harried of days, I don't feel the panic that I did then, thank God. What I do feel is change in the air...and that's a good thing. A very good thing.
When should you not double-space your text? When the editor tells you there's no need to. Yes, that's right. If an editor tells you there's no need to double-space, then you don't have to do it. But don't do this until you have permission from the editor. (Let's be honest, if an editor says he wants your manuscript on pink paper, in Comic Sans font, at size 8, then that's what you bloody well give him!) But until you are told otherwise, you give an editor double-spaced text.
The ordered piles of stone laid a long time ago vanish
Around the world, black handprints are appearing on doorways, scorched there by winged strangers who have crept through a slit in the sky.
El-Badri : Before this technology can benefit Libya, it will have to train many specialists and it will require a great deal of technology transfer".
BUT! I take all these as positives. I’m moving more. I’m getting less insulin. My urine looked good today (well, what I pee’ed on the floor at the office after they drew my blood – I at least didn’t pee ON someone this time). I just need to get the hind legs in motion better and I think I might have licked this thing!
The glitter of her jewels rose to meet it,
For honour and beauty
Those three were the only I’ve tested so far, but there are plenty bookmarked for later, including a couple from the ‘On Toast’ section like the versatile Red Mullet on Toast with Crushed Broad Beans and Peas (which would make an elegant starter or a light main), and the Smoked Haddock Rabbit – Hix’s fishy take on the Welsh Rarebit. I also plan to attempt the more elaborate Chicken and Lobster Pie at some point (a variation on the Rabbit and Crayfish number that won a past season of ‘Great British Menu’), as well as many of the tempting quintessentially British puds at the back.
Haven't been published yet? Every awesome photoshoot you take, I recommend to edit a copy of the high res photos NOW so you have stock photos ready to submit. When magazines wish to feature you, they are strict with deadlines and you don't want to bypass an awesome opportunity when offered a chance.
I love him. Don't get me wrong. But he has a definite and identifiable design aesthetic.
Hope everyone is having an awesome week!
Here's the menu for the next few days:
“I hope so, child, but your night must end at midnight. That’s when these spells shall end. So, go fast – and enjoy every minute you can!”
I've never seen Brian Posehn do a long set, just clips and then his work on Mr. Show. So I'm looking forward to seeing more of him.
People don’t even stop for the traffic light
Card # 230: Kurt Suzuki, 2011 Bowman Green 230, Oakland A's (230/450)
poured over the cooked cake.
Too Cool for Christmas ... LMN ... 12 AM
A vintage quilt
What many women don’t realise is that there’s a level of attractiveness which is “good enough”. Which is to say, good enough for ninety per cent of heterosexual men aged 16-30 to jump all over you if you ask them politely. If you’re already at that level, there’s not much point getting a nose job to satisfy the remaining ten per cent. It’s better to work on other things, like your sense of humour and your cooking. Or why not learn to play the harmonica? I’ve always thought that little organ looks quite fetching in a woman’s mouth.
Five members have walked out and now they are fighting with the party leader, William Mawan, over who should contest which seat for BN at the coming Federal Election.
I never did. I saw him in concert countless times, sometimes from far away in massive arenas and in later years sat very close in intimate venues as he sang his ballads and told his tales. I felt I knew him better than most, but we never met.
“Um, no I don’t have it, I’m afraid.” Michal looked up at the girl on the till in useless appeal. Perhaps they would be conspirators together, against the system. But the girl had suddenly turned into a robot. Indeed, he thought that he heard a soft whirring and the faintest of bleeps as she turned to face him.
3 tbsp water
Blog about something that you received during the first two weeks of May, and link it up here beginning on the 7th. It could be a nice note, flower, door decoration, or gift.
Overall, I was uninspired by most of what I saw in theaters, with the exception of some 2007 holdovers that I didn’t get a chance to see until the start of the new year. Here’s a shortlist of some of my favorite films watched in 2008, in alphabetical order –
Among the most controversial of the proposed sites are those at Camerton, Stanton Wick and Radstock.
In outlining all of this, I’m addressing myself as much as anyone else. I’m just picking up these skills, and I’m sure I will be on the wrong end of a good beating every now and again when I get it wrong. This isn’t an exhaustive list of do’s and don’ts either. Right, who wants an argument?
The daughter that was gone the longest, lives on the other side of the US from her mother. It doesn't surprise me in the least. There was an irreconcilable divide that happened, in a large part because of the mother's inability to see outside of herself and to look deeply into her children.
1/2 teaspoon thyme
So, here's my take on this whole thing:
After all…
I love the smell of books.
NON-JURING LEAVEN IN THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND AND OXFORD HIGH ANGLICANISM. The relation be tween the Non-Jurors of two centuries ago and the Oxford High-Churchmanship of to-day is a subject of much interest, and also of no little importance. Modern Oxford High-Anglicans sometimes seem to imagine that they fully account for the Tractarian Movement in all its developments, and at the same time entirely justify it, by asserting its direct lineal derivation from the Non-Jurors of 1688. Finding the Popery of James II., with all that it involved, too evil and pernicious to be endured, and therefore welcoming William III. as their deliverer from intolerable tyranny and destructive error, the Non-Jurors nevertheless refused to accept William as king, or as anything more than a sort of Regent for the time being, clothed with the royal executive power and jurisdiction. They took up this attitude on the ground that having subscribed the oaths of allegiance to James, they could not, for conscience sake, violate those oaths by accepting William as their sovereign de jure. The incongruous and untenable position which Non-Jurors thus chose to occupy is luminously shown by Lord Macaulay, where, in his History of England, he has dealt with this period. But if any should seek for a more impartial judgment than that of a Scotch Whig like Macaulay, he may refer to Dean Plumptre’s sympathetic biography of that most charming and Christian of Non-Jurors,Bishop Ken, which furnishes a mild but convincing view of the irreducible difficulties and contradictions in which that excellent and gifted prelate found himself entangled by the verbal quibbles and puzzles involved in this Non-Juring attitude. From the whole history it can hardly be doubted that he would have retreated from his false position on to the ground of sane logic and of common sense, if he had not found it beyond his power to extricate himself from his antecedents. He, therefore, silently accepted the disability he had imposed upon himself and declined controversy on this subject.
7. Anything else you want to say? I am a grill master and an impressive species of suburban neanderthal.
8. My new Breville juicer. I LOVE MY JUICER!
Melt the marshmallows in a bowl in the microwave. It takes me usually about 2 or 3 minutes in 30 second intervals. Dump the marshmallow bowl into a bowl with the powdered sugar. Mix the powdered sugar with the marshmallow with a spatula greased with Crisco.
Language…
I am falling in love with all things {SOME ODD GIRL} . Not only are the images adorable and original, they are so much fun to color! The monthly challenge for March is a sketch challenge. This is my take on it:
The Calvinist doctrine of 'predestination' has wracked believers' souls for centuries, and continues to do so to this day. The idea that God has marked out each one of us for eternal joy or eternal torture has driven people to depression, madness and even suicide.
-Our doubts are traitors, and make us lose the good we oft might win, by fearing to attempt.
According to what I've seen on french TV, there's no way they're letting you into that arena without a pair of florescent pink socks, ballet-slippers and an ornate blue & gold suit that shows too much of your crack and whose jacket is an obligatory 3 sizes too small. Stray from the dress code and nary a bull shall you tease.
Third, I got by on Advil only today. I was too scared to take the REAL painkillers (even though I sort of needed them during the afternoon) because I was afraid I'd fall asleep standing up like a horse.
Why have I felt defeat?
He did say that he would delete the emails and blah blah blah…Thank God Alejandro seemed like a nice gay guy.
As a cop, he tries to insulate himself from horrors of a culture on society's fringe but finds himself drawn to LIZZY and her clan bringing accusations that he is losing his objectivity.
Adenan Satem’s appointment as ‘special functions’ minister has a double motive.
There infinite punishment was due, and infinite punishment was endured,
Worthy nuggets
A new month has arrived and it is actually my favorite month of the year. I love pink, hearts and fast things. For some reason, having 1-2 less days in a month makes it fly by. I am going to be starting a new monthly post on my blog. Goals for the month. Each month I always make some personal goals, but I never share them with anyone, so this month and the ones to follow, I am going to share them with you. Then I can look back and see what I accomplished.
Then said Ziba unto the king, According to all that my lord the king hath commanded his servant, so shall thy servant do. As for Mephibosheth, said the king, he shall eat at my table, as one of the king’s sons.
Some cultures burn the placenta in a clay pot and then bury the ashes.
Liquid Pearls: Viva
(Note: Rem is a unit of ionizing radiation equal to the amount that produces the same damage to humans as one roentgen of high-voltage x-rays. Source: MIT)
Can you please, please, PLEASE learn to be more civil with the cats? They can't take the rough way you like to play with other dogs. They are delicate and temperamental. Be nice, please.
Come with fasting, weeping, and mourning. Don’t tear your clothing in your grief, but tear your hearts instead.” Return to the Lord your God, for he is merciful and compassionate, slow to get angry and filled with unfailing love. He is eager to relent and not punish.
The appearance of the natives of Dido at the end is a bit of a deus ex machina. There is no explanation of how they have survived. Still, if we were to see some more of them in this story, we would have needed another episode and I am not sure that was needed for a less consequential story like this.
January last year, I was squeezing white envelope in my hand. On the poststamp there was a bicycle and written "Holland" - I closed my eyes and said to myself "the most unusual strawberries of all strawberries have just arrived"....
So, whew. That’s really all I can say about life right now. Teaching is my life. I’m ok with that, I mean I did train four years in order for it to be so. In the words of one of the guys I graduated it (who is former army) “I mean the military is a lifestyle, but no where near that as teaching.” One day I’ll grow out of it, I’m sure. I’m still a rookie, you know. I’ll grow into it.
With a mixer, combine peanut butter and margrine; beat until smooth. Add sugar and flour; mix well. Add 2 eggs; blend well.
The gospel says we are utterly incapable of achieving righteousness: offensive!
Marcos Valle - vocals and piano
I want to know if you play PES and what you like about it as well as what you hope the 2013 edition will be like. Please leave your thoughts and opinions in the comments section below.
No one ever asked me if I was scared.
So, CallMeDave and his multi-coloured gang have rolled their sleeves up, put on some rubber gloves, held their breath and had a good look under the rug and in the back of all the cupboards.
With no agenda for the afternoon in Cebu City, road trip buddy Ki and I decide to hop on a southbound Ceres bus. As is my wont, I get a shut-eye as the bus cruises out of the city. I open my eyes momentarily, barely catching a glimpse of the famous Carcar rotunda. Hours later, I fully awaken to the enchanting blue of Bohol Strait glistening in the sunlight. The bus is now tracing the coastline of Cebu Island. But we can see the end of the sunny afternoon further south. A compact column of clouds blurs the horizon. It is dumping rain on Bohol, the island next door.
These days, the habit has stuck with me. I still have $108 swirling in my head and I try to make it or save it each day. It helps that I live in a small space in Paris. I simply don't have the room to acquire too much stuff. I also opened my Letter of the Month business on Etsy, which allows me to do something I love to do (paint) and get paid for it. Plus, I don't have the pressures of group dinner dynamics at play. The Chads of the world can go f**k themselves.
Any other books you can think of that made you almost pee yourself? Or are you a comedic writer? How do you weave humor into your writing?
Point three is put so coyly. The Pattison brothers were, in reality, wildly extravagant. In spending on their premises (remember those grand offices) , their advertising and their lifestyles. Again, there will be more about that later. Put simply, their expenses were way more than the business could support. It was all bound to go terribly wrong. The whisky crisis just made that day sooner.
Here are the projects I created. To check out the challenges, head on over to My Scraps and More!
How much can just $1 buy you today? The answer is a lot if you need to buy your way back into the progressive challenge that is held each fortnight up at the wonderful site Crafter's Digital Arts Center (CDAC). As I have been guilty of dropping of the planet for awhile and I hadn't kept up with the challenges for just $1 I was able to buy my way back into the fun.
There are etching tutorials all over the web, YouTube and my most recent addiction Pinterest. I'll give you the run down for this project but if you want something more formal there are tons available.
Simon has some wonderful photos on his facebook page of his GOLD MEDAL win in the 500m at the 2011 World Short Track Speedskating Championships in March. Congratulations to you Simon!
The Pittmann-Puckett Art Gallery was founded in memory of two of Affirmations founding members and strongest supporters, Susan Pittmann and Christine Puckett. The couple was killed in their home by a neighbor in 1992.
That magical second kid, though...it's not like you get doubly busy. It's like you get quadruply busy. Yes, quadruply. And, your cute little Mommy Brain forgetfulness turns into full-blown I'm-a-moron-and-I-would-forget-to-wipe-my-ass-if-it-wasn't-for-the-toilet-paper-roll-next-to-the-seat idiocy.
Our goalkeeper, Ryan Jones, was unhappy about Netley's goal. It came mid-way through the first-half, after an aerial challenge between himself and a Netley striker, who got to the ball fractionally earlier than Jones, who was left in heap, watching in vain as the ball trickled beyond his reach and over the goal line. Jones then made a memorable save as Netley pushed hard to increase their lead. A cross from their left was met by the head of an opposing striker, who as the coaching manuals suggest, headed the ball back towards the side of the goal it had arrived from. It is within these fleeting moments that Jones is in his element. In what looked as smooth as a choreographed stunt, he flung himself to his right, scooping the ball wide with the fingers of his right hand, when it seemed destined for the bottom corner of our net. It was of Netley's opinion that the game should have been dead and buried as we approached the final few minutes.
Blue and white flowering
If Trump and his many hangers-on have difficulty understanding this, let me spell it out in direct Scots terms. The message from Alex Salmond and Michael Forbes, a hero of his time, is:
We are far from Negative
I knew that she was right; I just didn’t care at the time. I reverted back to the old “me”, the vindictive “me”. The “me” that didn’t give a damn about you if I even thought you didn’t give one about me. The “me” that would intentionally hurt you just so that you could feel the pain I felt. The “me” that was always the victim and deserved the justice.
It’s all a balancing game on race day.
Like all monopoly interests the water industry treats it’s customers - that is the entire population of Britain - with arrogance and disdain. Not only do they not care what the people of Britain think or say they come out with comments which are contemptible to say the least.
So this mornin we're in the car and he's droppin me off to work and I'm like, totally gonna prove his whole, exploding head if I don't talk shit theory wrong right? So he starts swervin an stuff (He says he doesn't I say he does) and the convo goes like this
These people work along the south of England but there are others all over the country who deserve your support and thanks for the ceaseless support they give people. We (the family) are hoping to be at the annual dinner this year. When we have attended in the past it has been fun and friendly. We have always been, as has everyone else, made very welcome.
To distract me from my lack of cervical progress, I've been knitting. In fact, I've finished a few things!
15.I've Got A Girl
Missouri judge ruled the FBI does not need a warrant to secretly attach a GPS unit to a suspect's car and track his public movements for two months.
Yow. I can understand why OEM's want suppliers to play nice with their respective patent portfolios - nobody wants to explain to their customers that orders aren't being filled because two suppliers are having a brawl over a patent. And while one may argue that the value of the sales contract adequately compensates the supplier forfeiting their IP rights, this seems like an onerous policy. And the OEM's don't seem to be losing any sleep over this practice either. When the German auto industry group VDA (Verband der Automobilindustrie) was asked to respond to these allegations, the spokesman said "we see no reason to comment."
“Soooooo, what’s your problem Mr. Switchblade?”
And if anyone removes any of the words from this book of prophecy, God will remove that person’s share in the tree of life and in the holy city that are described in this book.
This is the most obnoxious of all blogspots — the one that asks an already busy person to do more work. But, if any editors out there feel up to it, I think it would be a great help.
By concentrating on the positive I already have and can channel from my ancestors, then over time there’s less room for the negative and it has no choice but to leave because there’s no longer any room for it in my life (and on my thighs.)
At first, it is hard to continue my life after last minute divorce and i don’t want to remind my memories or thinking how those things happen in my life. Forget, forgive and moved on. But the purpose about what i’m trying to convey to all of you is the separated between me and my lovely daughter (Samantha).
The diary and quest to find the bracelet was fun to read. It was clever that the hunt was for nothing until much later on in life. And I liked the mystery with his father. After you find out you wonder why you did not think about it before. Quinn keeps you in the book with her witty characters and entertaining plot.
Spray a 9-1/2-inch deep dish pie dish. Mix the ingredients that go in the dough and spread over the pie dish. Cover the batter with pizza sauce, layer with pepperoni, and then sprinkle the top with cheese. Place it in the unheated oven and turn it on to 350 degrees Bake the dish for thirty minutes and serve.
All that said, RIM hopes to whet our appetites with glimpses at some of the nifty little touches that BlackBerry 10 will sport when it sees a widespread launch later this year. TechCrunch went to Waterloo and met with Vivek Bhardwaj, RIM’s Head of Software Portfolio, who took a few moments to give us one such sneak peek — an early look at BlackBerry 10′s keyboard, still a work in progress.
*** Sometimes, if you feel that the water is hot enough and there’s still enough steam and heat inside the pot to melt the chocolates you still have, you can turn the stove off and turn it on again if you need more heat/steam.
I'm sure Conor thinks I'm nuts for making these and he's probably right, but they cheered me up anyway. I got the pattern off the WEN website and they are very simple to make and actually very comfortable to wear too!!
32And we are giving you the good news of the undertaking made to the fathers,
Fall across all our yesterdays
And thy fair virtue’s force perforce doth move me
Concluding thoughts
Since moving up here to the Pacific Northwest, I have discovered many other wonderful places and destinations near by. I'd have to say, (and in fact, have said it so many times to my friends that they can finish my sentences about it)far and away my most favorite discovery since relocating up here has to be the incredible Birkenfeld Country Store, located in Birkenfeld, Oregon, population 12.
We see Najib threatening racial / religious violence by warning the rakyat not to even mention Islam, or else the Silat Lincah group, Perkasa and other UMNO lackeys rise up and run amok.
And that is where my authentic trust for my kids comes in. I trust my daughters to make their own choices and to handle what comes. I also trust them to ask for help if they need it.
Thanks again and take care,
Wherever I am
What I cannot help but wonder is whether she might have made a different decision that day: if she had discussed the possibility of SUDEP with her physician; if she had known she would have been considered at medium-to-high risk; if she had been aware of the ways she could have lowered her risk; if we had talked together about it; and if she had had all these considerations to weigh up as part of her decision-making. Then, I can imagine the seizure that caused her death might never have happened. But that is a lot of “if’s.”
"There's some law enforcement and other areas ... that might require a higher level of security in making sure the employees they are hiring are who they say they are," he said. "We may have to tweak this at a later time to cover those issues."
2. Willow Weep for Me
Thanks to everyone tuning into this blog series on diversity. I wanted to share with you the winner, by random number generator, of Danette's beautiful book is Christy Farley! Congrats Christy!!
Vicki B. 6x6 Paper Pad
“For whoever would save his life will lose it, but whoever loses his life for my sake will save it.”
There is a gold light in certain old paintings
Dear useless Cunt/Sir/Madame
Will enough qualified care workers be available to serve the many millions who’ll be best off at home? Doubtful unless some major policy changes are made.
Jaqueline travelled from her home near Cardigan Bay to deliver her ‘Peg Loom Weaving’ workshop in Birmingham. She brought with her a range of Peg Looms, fibres, fabrics, yarns and a wealth of experience and knowledge to impart. Jacqueline has been a tutor with the Open College of Arts for twenty years, providing support for students on the ‘Understanding Art and Textiles
Bára is one of Iceland’s best traditional singers. She is also widely respected here as a composer, especially of vocal music. She grew up surrounded by the folk songs of her parents and grandparents in the family farm Grímstunga in Vatnsdalur in the north of Iceland and her father Gímur Lárusson in particular was also a very good lyric writer in the traditional style. Later on the family moved to Reykjavík and got involved with Kvæðamannafélagið Iðunn. Bára studied at Tónlistarskólinn í Reykjavík and later did 5 years post grad. composition studies in Holland. In her role as composer and arranger, Bára continues to draw on the well of traditional Icelandic music, while as a performer she invests the traditional songs that she performs with a natural authority born out of her having been surrounded by them from birth.
It took one hour and fifty-nine minutes to make the purchase of a new lead for the dogs trolley. The store: 1. Did something magical with the electrical power and collected the customers one by one via flashlight. 2. Couldn’t check out the customers because they couldn’t open the registers/computers; 3. No AC, two customers were trying to buy candy for Easter. The were concerned; 4. I found out that one now needs to have their street address on their checks. The reason, the manager said was they couldn’t very well send the police to stand out side a PO Box (to which I allowed as how they could, for all of me).
You have a chance to win this book if you leave a comment and your email on each designer's blog. Keri Lee will draw three random winners from the comments left between Friday - Monday. The winners will be drawn and notified on Tuesday.
Anyhoo, back to Molly and how she arrived: My doc was very rah-rah about VBAC and didn't let a single appointment go by without mentioning it. She measured me every month, and even let me have a few extra ultrasounds to make sure that I wasn't brewing another Paul Bunyan in my womb. It was during these ultrasounds that we first found out Molly was a she. I remember the technician pointing out the gender-bits on the little fuzzy screen: "See, this looks like a hamburger? Like two buns pressed around a patty? That's her vagina. If it looked like a turtle we'd be saying penis right now." And so my pink party was started.
WR (2): Danny Amendola, Mike Wallace, Kevin Walter, Hines Ward
Well my Cool Fonts and Colors I used on our Real Letter are not on here, but here is our yearly Christmas/New Year Letter they are going out to Our Family, Friends, Church Friends, and Correspondents this week so if you are one of those you might want to wait and read it when you get it in the Mail :)
74Curse on all laws but those which love has made!
had a friend that
I quickly pinned the recipe and moved on. But I couldn't stop thinking about those brownies. So I popped back over to read the ingredients. I had everything...except the walnuts. Dangit!
Ok, so that being my opinion, I still wanted a way to have kids and parents come together and work on "school stuff" in the evening. Parents are strong teachers and I wanted them to play an important and purposeful role in their child's learning.
“These things almost land themselves, don’t they?”
The environment Dequan will face in elementary and high schools is defined by its ignorance. Children hate because they have been taught to by the adults in their lives and because they don’t know any other way to behave. In Missouri and Tennessee, there are bills that have been introduced which prohibit any discussion of LGBT topics for grades K-8. They’ve been aptly titled the, “Don’t Say Gay” laws and they have the potential to hurt thousands of young boys and girls in those two states. Simply put, it is state-sponsored discrimination against minors. What does it tell a 7 or 8 year old, who is just beginning to form a conception of the world around him or her, that there are certain people that you just don’t talk about? This is ignorance as academic policy, in the same vein as abstinence only education, but worse. At least with the abstinence only movement, you were attacking a sexual act. With the Don’t Say Gay legislation, you directly attack the individual.
The EU might realize some of the long-term consequences of their actions(Nobody wants Ukraine back in the Kremlin lap) and think Yulia isn’t worth the trouble, but brinksmanship may be the best course of action here. I doubt both parties have the stomach for it, so I’m sure this issue will be solved before June. Bet on that.
And, with that, she squished the platypus and the pie shell into a ball,
15 OBSESSION (Giorgio Moroder) 4'52
Pictures by Ellsworth Young
Opened - Assemblage 23
The receiver worked well with my leather gloves, and I had plenty of room in the trigger guard without feeling like I would have a negligent discharge at any second. The target today was a highly visible steel plate at 300M.I marked it with a yellow circle in the picture at left, just to make it 'jump out' a bit more for the readers at home.
On page numbers, I have drawn your attention to a statement in the APA manual that seems to disagree with you. I just did a brief Google search (http://tinyurl.com/5utdfr may take you there), searched the first five hits, and found nothing along the lines of what you suggest. A doctoral student should ask, I think, whether you can point me toward some authority that supports your criticism. As I say, I wouldn’t bother with this, but it has come up twice now, so apparently I had better seek a resolution of it.
Describe an elegant hotel room from the point of view of a character who is on the verge (about a day or so away from) of a psychotic breakdown.
he wants her to wear his shades,
I want to dip back into my photos for March 23 (or whatever week I am doing) and find photos from that day from other years. Or as close to that day as I happened to blog/take photos.
We can train our soul to feel for a higher world by penetrating behind vision/intellect ie occult vision
Friends of friends are all sooooo NICE and SOOO CUTE and soooo funny and sooooo smart! Except, that is, when they're not. Not that I don't beg my friends to set me up with their own rejections (if they are a woman) or competition (if they are a man) all the time, but still, we should really know what we are getting ourselves into.
suppressed within my mind ~
I would have thought not much of it, except she was rather more business-like with this young man who was much closer to her age and ‘hip’ looking, as far as I knew. When I stepped up we both smiled again, and her eyes widened and lit up a bit.
In the end, we write best about what we know.
You make your own way forward and you find your own way home".
There’s room on the walls for far more than the fifty-some photographs on display from the golden age of Soul Train, at Expo 72 through September 5. And the gallery floor is mostly empty—there are just two table cases. One displays dolls and merchandise, the other photos, press clippings and a letter on WCIU-TV letterhead from Soul Train creator Don Cornelius, dated January 25, 1971, informing Charles Bayliss of 1316 South Kolin Avenue that he and his dancing partner were invited to perform on the show, so long as neither was “over dressed.” (The letter, and other items in the case, are from the personal collection of music writer and TOC contributor Jake Austen. An article by Sun-Times critic Ron Powers for the newspaper’s television listings, calling the show “that soul-shaking, scintillating, ex-CRU-ciating, mighty, mighty vehicle of rhythm and blues,” is a must-read.)
Amber: Are you ok Mommy?
Have you noticed more and more people speaking different languages at the supermarket? Schools? Movies? At your local bank? Have you noticed radio stations and TV crackling with Spanish or other languages in our English speaking America? Have you seen more people disrespecting the singing of our national anthem? Have you noticed our laws being broken such as red lights being run or people fleeing accident scenes where they were the cause? Have you noticed more trash in your state and national parks, especially in California, Arizona, Texas and Georgia?
2.Place the 350g of the butter and 350g sugar in an electric mixer and cream until light and fluffy, or alternatively, if you have a very big bowl and strong arms, mix by hand instead. Mix all the eggs together in a bowl with a fork and then slowly incorporate into the mixture. Beat in the vanilla extract, flour and baking powder until well mixed. Now add the soured cream and mix well until everything is combined and the mixture is light and fluffy.
and we paint our faded love on its aging wall.
In weaker veins shall run.
Once it becomes apparent that you have blown it, there will be no changing your mind, no altering your plan, no rescinding of your Last Will and Testicle. It is done. You just made the world a worse place to live for several cuddly endangered species. Happy with yourself loser? We all should hope not. But we'd love to hear what The Authorities will says about your $10,000 donation to the Get Some Anthrax* And Put It In Richard Dawkins Tea Society... (Um... they'd probably facilitate it!)
Hi my sugarplums, Holiday season is just round the corner and i know you all people are in search of inexpensive and cute things for your friends and beloved people.
Row 9-11, ch1, turn, sc in each sc. Finish off.
shit… as a foster parent I’ve made mistakes that would make other people question my sanity – I’ve had baby kittens die in my car of unknown causes – and each and every time it happens I question if this is what I should still be doing. Did I miss anything? Did I not pay attention enough?
In Luther's experience, people are weak. Even the strong and fearless break too easily. He wants a challenge, and sets his depraved sights on Jack. But with a baby on the way, Jack is at her most vulnerable. She's always been a fighter, but she's never had so much to fight for. So he's built something especially for Jack. His own, private ninth circle of hell--a nightmare world in a forgotten place, from which no one has ever escaped.
I find visiting my mom emotionally exhausting. I try to do the best I can - but sometimes I feel it isn't enough.
WHAT: A peculiar piece with a peculiar name. I bet a lot of you looking are wondering one of two things: “What the hell is that??” or “What the hell is that…it looks like an alien mountain range from an aerial perspective.” Well, the second statement is closer because though that is not exactly what it is, it is weird like an alien mountain range and it is…just weird. But I like weird. Sometimes, in these analyses that I write, I won’t fully explain stuff. Just give hints because it still is entertaining for you all to just guess! As I worked on this, which is graphic art, I felt it resembled a mountain range from above, too…but more like a fantasy one from one of those Tolkien stories (I.e. “Lord of the Rings” books). It is what it is…and it’s weird. Nice weird.
Donaldsonville is in a lot of real life jeopardy. Pollution from the chemical plants is a big problem, to the point the area has been nicknamed "Cancer Alley." A lot of the people I spoke with are worried about the price they're paying living so close to the pollution. D'Ville has an unusually high rate of sickness compared to other small towns. Also a high rate of poverty and illiteracy. There's a bit of a post-apocalyptic feel to the place already, which is sad. Because the people there are wonderful, good people. I've never felt so welcomed in a place so quickly. It sickens me to think that their health is threatened by the chemical companies in Louisiana--who historically have not been forced to play by the rules, even when the clean air act's very existence wasn't being threatened by extremist politicians.
My, oh, my! It's been quite a while. Unpacking and organizing, rearranging and reorganizing has been the name of the game here at the Weed residence. For the first time in at least 2 moves, we opened every single box. Those boxes with multiple moving company stickers, like unopened treasures from long ago, were opened this time. And can I just say "Yuck!". It is simply amazing the amount of unnecessary junk that one family can hang onto and cart all over the planet. Much of what we found ended up in the shredder or garbage pile. And I asked on several occasions, "do we really need bank statements from 1998? or college papers from 1995?" Seriously!? It feels great to be cleaned out. Great! Should have done it a few moves ago! Clutter reduction is a plus. Makes you just feel lighter to get rid of unneeded stuff that's taking up space. I love it!
If little things piss you off, you need to relax and not worry about it. If your day is ruined because someone cut you off in traffic, then you really need to learn to enjoy what you have. If you are cut off in traffic, you are going somewhere (hurray, you have a place to go), you have a vehicle (hurray, you have a car), you have money to put gas in the car (hurray, you have some gas), you have many many things. Why would you let something like… someone not using a turn signal… even put you in a bad mood for a split second?
05. E.M.I.
My complicated answer: Social Anxiety Disorder differs from shyness in the same way that being kind of neurotic about some things differs from OCD. In order to even be defined as a mental disorder, a person’s experience has to include symptoms that impact every day life and are distressful (to themselves, or others) and that have lasted for over 6 months.
This girl is ready for swimsuits, sundresses and flip flops!
While super-steals are in short supply in this week's round-up of Austin supermarket circulars, you can still keep a little change in your pocket with the following five sale items.
I know I have improved my diet and reduced my alcohol intake to less than recommended, so thanks, but now I feel a little like I’m going too far – Sprouting kits, smoothies, soya milk, fresh juice, spirilina. Yet yesterday I ate so much food! I had twice as much as usual. Today I shat for ages. Twice for ages. Clearly it’s going straight out the other end.
Chomu Press; Quentin S Crisp
However, agents are difficult to acquire. They seek celebrities, professional experts, and those with an established platform or proven track record. A first time author with little or no background experience will have a tough time finding an agent.
Over the past few months, I’ve met many business owners and property owners and managers who have had a negative experience with their energy supplier. It is widely known that companies located in de-regulated energy states are more often than not better off purchasing their supply of electricity and natural gas from a supplier other than the local utility.
Traditionalists rightly point out that this reading is not part of the lectionary. Only the Gospel and Epistle are read. Even "traditionalist" Lutherans do not always follow the traditional route. That may be a Lutheran thing.
After about half an hour the metal has completely solidified, and can be immersed in cold water to cool it down. Doing this also damps down the investment, the dust from which contains silicone and other nasties that you don’t want to breathe in. When it comes out of the water, the muffle looks like this.
Here is a great example of how to use antelope pattern in your home. Look at what a statement is made with this pattern going up the stairs! This makes me want to rip out my skank carpet going up my stairs and replace it with some of this yummy antelope pattern...
I added this pic of the window in my kitchen that looks into the pool room. I took it first thing this morning. Something about it just made me think of summer days. I love my two new life rings that you can see through the window, hanging on the pool room wall. I purchased for $4.99 ea at Michaels. They're actually made of wood but you can't tell. They somehow cheer me up when I look at them. (They look really tiny in this picture but they're really not)
So - drumroll - on 1st April (no kidding) you are ALL invited to a virtual blog party to celebrate with me. There will be more than one cupcake and obscene amounts of prosecco.
“Not by works of righteousness which we have done, but according to his mercy he saved us, by the washing of regeneration, and renewing of the Holy Ghost.”
The camera for boys & girls of Fuji and its name was also Fujipetto. The factory of Fuji Film was located on the north side of Imaizumi Elementary School (in the old Yoshiwara city, in Fuji prefecture).
HA! All of my music is on my I-Phone. I listen to a whole range of music from Death Cab For Cutie to Erasure to Stone Temple Pilots to Nine Inch Nails. I listen to music to put me in a particular mood…not the other way around. If that makes any sense.
Now, I enjoy writing these types of blogs because there is an almost never ending supply of subjects that I can write "how to" style blogs about. I will continue writing these types of blogs no matter what because its my niche and people seem to enjoy them.
That is the only word I could really think of to describe it…
Redhook Ale Brewery has unveiled its latest limited release, handcrafted beer. Called 8-4-1 Expedition Ale, the American-Style Strong Brown Ale was developed by eight Redhook brewers working in four teams of two to create one beer. The ale reflects a compilation of each team’s individual recipes that were then carefully blended into one distinct beer. 8-4-1 is available for a limited time in 22 ounce bottles at select grocery stores and on draught nationwide.
Wining in ah circle, watch how she perform
It also makes me think about co-dependency. You know what that is right? I can’t be happy until I know you are okay and happy first. That’s an example of co-dependency. I know that one pretty well because this is how I was experiencing my middle child back when she was in high school and if I’m honest I still get this way sometimes and she’s now 34 years old! But this isn’t about her and I… this is a general question about what to do when people change.
If only we knew where this tent was.
I’m a hot boy fa’sho
And my mum rang me after the broadcast to tell me how much she'd enjoyed it. Which was a result."
Do you see a difference between the two cards? Not much difference...the layout is the same but i switched up the size of the hearts on the DSP!
I did list some new goodies though too, of course:
DJ Magik Cool J : Producer, DJ, Songwriter
SWAT teams were called in to secure the neighborhood after learning the gunman was possibly still in the area.
It is a big problem. One only has to spend a short time in Oncology to realise just how common the problem is.
“Feeling better?” he asked with concern.
I don't doubt this at all...Any of it.
These nails below are just pure talent and gels.
4. And yeah, the other thing we did too.
I only remember a few things that happened after that, as I traveled in and out of delirium: the paramedics arriving, the inside of an ambulance, and then I awoke in a hospital room. I gave a formal report to the police containing everything that had happened, including a retelling of Mel’s original story from nineteen eighty-three, and made my way away from the town as quickly as I could.
There is a very old man fallen on the ground,
5:32 - Mark Lowenstein
This point brings up an important question: why don't all speakers of a language have a similar relationship to it given that they all come into the same entity? Language is everywhere, interpenetrating all things and actions. We can only come into a portion of the language, a portion as specific and idiosyncratic as are families. From this early specificity stems a primal relationship that may never leave us.
“The Balch”
March: *is writing a short*
However, I did find the end of the book to be a bit rushed. I thought the last quarter or so of the book were somewhat anti-climatic and then all of a sudden (within the last 10 pages of the book) BAM! all hell broke loose. I would have preferred to have seen a some of the epic-ness of the end of the novel to have taken place a bit earlier on, allowing me to savor it more.
rest of the animal kingdom is the ability to communicate with oneself (to have a
Lilly watches television and gets ready for Roy to visit. She gets a call from "Irv" who tells her "Someone blew you out with Bobo. The car full of money, he's...Lilly? Lilly? Bobo knows about all the money in the car, the money you stole from him..." Lilly has already left the place not even finishing getting dressed or hanging up the phone. She drives away and we see that Myra was watching across the street in a car and now follows Lilly. Immediately afterwards, two thugs show up and check out Lilly's place, leaving when they don't find her. They mention she's in a black and gold Cadillac and take off. Roy shows up when they leave and finds nobody home.
Tell me about the new musical Shlemiel Crooks which is based on your books, Shlemiel Crooks and Chicken Bone Man. How did the musical version of your books come about?
Things are going well for Souichiro, who is that old guy who’s talked with Haruka a few times. But then the best thing ever happens when Segai threatens Haruka with death:
Was there something inherently wrong with my personality that causes people to not see the real me, but see whatever they see to treat me how they please?
Pour mixture over chops.
There is something about the Flying Dog illustrations that make the beer desirable to me. That "Gonzo" attitude doesn't hurt either.
getting closer to home. I still had a hangover, though, so, as good as
I had butternut squash and asparagus in my crisper and decided that they would be perfect in a turkey soup. Crisp corn, garlic, mushrooms and a pinch of Jamaican allspice made this a wonderful sweet and savory soup the whole family loved.
There were two things that made the lightbulb in my head light up:
And now my brain hurts. I think it's got a blister.
At this stage of the Roman voyage total discouragement had set in. From verse 20 we read, “All hope that we should be saved was then taken away.” Isn’t that true when you confront your need of salvation? Before you accepted the gospel, the good news, you had to have the bad news impressed upon your mind. You were a sinner and condemned to eternal damnation in the lake of fire. You had to obey the gospel of Jesus Christ and be saved.
* Total your points in the comments field of this blog and tell me how you earned your points.
Now, this kid doesn't go to Teagan's school. This wasn't shown to this girl. This wasn't seen by the in-common friend who hosted the playdate (she was out sick yesterday). This was something Teagan says she did on her own and laughed about with another friend.
As I go this week, I have this thought of reviewing my relationship to others, how I try to be a good shepherd or the lack of it.
I wish life came with a basic blueprint, where everything is already there. With a number of options you can easily take whenever you have moments like this wherein you assess the overall fullness of your life.
Welcome to my FIRST EVER blog hop, and what a better occasion that Cinco de Mayo to step into the world of blog hops. Although this is not a big holiday in Mexico as you might have read from the other blogs, this is an opportunity for those of us with Mexican roots to pay homage to our heritage and celebrate our Mexican background.
Soup is the answer. It is often the answer as you can make it and freeze it if you don’t really fancy it or the weather is too warm. Not something we are likely to be struggling with this Bank Holiday. Soup really will be the answer as temperatures are due to plummet. But something zesty and bright might help.
4) USA Today
But you read it here and now you can read it here. And you thought the Tories would be any different on immigration? The "rules" are set by international convention, endorsed en bloc by EU member states. Therefore, when they arrive, their treatment will be no different from the regime established under the previous administration.
“It’s going to look so bad if he doesn’t entertain the subpoena, what more as Malaysian government officials are involved. It will be bad on Malaysia,” she said.
I am a slow reader and just recently I have been busy with my work, so I welcomed the fact that yesterday I had to spend five hours on a train. If it is not too noisy, I think a train is the perfect place to read. So yesterday I made some progress through The Science of Dr Who by Paul Parsons. As I said last week, I am a long-term fan of Dr Who, and this book makes me want to watch all the episodes again from scratch because I think I'd look at them with new insight. At the end of each one I could turn to whoever was watching them with me and say something like 'they could do that, you know...'
Wishing you all a happy week ahead. xx
That's me done for now, and here comes Kristen with the recipe . . . . . . .
when you are as cute as she is who cares what you wear?!
One of the big factors in this equation is the walking nature of the city. In the suburbs, most customer patronage of retail stores is not so much a function of proximity to one's home or neighborhood - bad service or better pricing and customers will just drive elsewhere.
And I like that.
My employee/mechanic Tony told me October 18th that he’d had a dream about Rob again. Tony never met Rob, but he said Rob came to him in his dream, said thanks for looking after his tools, the business and me. Rob told Tony that he was thinking about coming back, and Tony said that Rob’s head was always down. I told Tony “oh geez don’t know if I can take another round with Rob in this lifetime” lol!
Unfortunately, the inmates second favorite weapon after the prison made shank is a lock in a sock. That is something that will get you all sorts of unwanted attention. And maybe 3-8 more years in prison.
Xaba said the waitress asked them to leave immediately as they were "not welcome" in the restaurant. "I asked her why we should leave and she said the manager had said no blacks were allowed in the restaurant.
I'm sure his excuses are just as good for this as the whole "Fast and Furious" insanity. Again, the good 'ol FBI trying to stop terrorists by aiding and abetting them.
4.never quit
I will admit that I have let up this year on the usual "cavalcade of junk" that makes my family room look like Santa's sleigh threw up....it's a smaller pile this year. As the boys get older the gifts seem to get smaller and more expensive and we have decidedly cinched the belts as well. Yo, we have a pool to pay off, right? Merry Christmas boys.
circle stitching
*It should be pointed out that WAR on the Fangraphs site -- which many prefer -- has Rice ahead by a bit 56.1 to 52.6. I suspect for Jim Rice fans, that's still way too close.
Your dream?
Jacqueline Woodridge, a British expat living in Mauritius, lost her pet dog in January and went to the Port Louis MSPCA compound to try to find him.
I had every intention of dropping them off at a local resale shop, but decided I would rather see some of you trying them on, having fun and possibly taking a piece home with you!
Ulpana, Beit El: Losers
The Remains by Vincent Zandri (Pump Up Your Book Tours)
This Kat is once again in a bit of a panic. Having more or less come to terms with the copyright questions that confronted him in preparing the syllabus for his impending course here, he now has a new problem to deal with in class. Somewhere down the line, he will need to address what might constitute corporate patent strategy. Over the years, he has have developed a list of reasons why a company might build a patent portfolio, big or small. However, what has been happening during the last few years departs radically from the conventional reasons that explain patent activity by a company. How is he going to explain to students the massive patent acquisition deals that have captured the headlines in recent times?
For light-weight goods such as kendama and gyroscopes, ePacket is ideal, and the service, which also operates in Hong Kong, is aimed at ecommerce merchants.
Verizon’s prepaid phone, the LG Extravert, sports a sliding QWERTY keyboard for text-messaging enthusiasts.
I LOVE a tanner with some SPF. You can slather it on in the morning and go about your day knowing that not only are you protected from the sun, but you'll be tan by dinnertime!
So, if you are a devotee of history, fiction, romance, and a darned good read, I highly recommend “Achilles: A love story” as the fulfilment of them all. Five stars.
Datuk Seri Najib Tun Razak announced the halving of toll between Kajang and Kuala Lumpur effective yesterday, just months after the Prime Minister abolished it altogether for the Cheras-Petaling Jaya expressway.
What do you think keeps people meditating?
A big thank you to all involved, and a heartwarming Gooood News story for my Blog!
So what the Tories need to do now is to learn from Thursday and toughen up. Yes they got a mid-term thumping, but they can avoid a general election thumping next time around by reconnecting with the traditional conservative support that has turned its back on them in the past two decades. But that leads to the next problem. The Tories aren't overly blessed with potential leaders are they?
its the police mon
Hello My Dear Bloggie Friends! I have to be honest... Life got CRAZY as soon as my Honey left again! Most nights I didn't even sit down until after 11p.m., let alone pick up my computer to blog or be able to go & visit any of you guys! BUT, I am soooo HAPPY to say that the 3 weeks he was to be gone is FINALLY OVERRRRRRRR!!!!!! PRAISE. THE. LORD!
Kirk is a young, rich brat who doesn’t think of anyone but himself. To celebrate his twenty-first birthday, Kirk throws a big birthday bash at his father’s huge ranch house. As Kirk celebrates, he takes sexually-enhanced drug the rich enjoy called, Alantica Dream. During the party, Kirks enjoys overindulging in the company of many men, relishing in the pleasure of having orgasm after orgasm from his so-called friends. One moment Kirk is enjoying the party and the next, he wakes up in a cage with a uniquely looking red-headed, freckled man. Since any blemish is considered a flaw, Kirk has never seen such a captivating looking man before and he’s immediately intrigued by him. Kirk soon finds out he and the man, Lyndarum, are both to be sold as slaves, and he’s both confused and angered by this. To his dismay, the men who captured him do not believe he is THE Kirk Skelling and they treat him like they would any ordinary slave. But there is something about Lyndarum’s sweet and sexy disposition that Kirk feels an immediate connection with, so he quickly decides to do what he must to keep them both safe. Together. Despite how dire their situation looks, Kirk is determined to get both him and Lyndarum safely away from their captors so they can share a life and love that Kirk never knew he wanted to have until he met Lyndarum. Will they be able to escape captivity and achieve a life and love that both men crave so desperately?
era Ponty. this music fits the category like a custom fitted glove.
Both websites provide a list of foods that leave alkaline residues, a special diet to follow and some extras, such as alkaline water and some nutritional supplements to help you with your pH diet. They also suggest you measure your urine's and saliva's pH level to control your blood's acid-base balance. You can check the links if you want to see for yourself.
At one of their rare personal meetings (they only met in person seven times), Johnson gave Warner thirteen cardboard boxes, tied with string and labeled "Bob Box One, "Bob Box Two," and so on. The boxes were packed with letters, drawings, photocopies and found objects - the stuff of Johnson's art.
The PI Being Cute Is What I Do is probably my fave ;)
We have had our ups and downs also. Who hasn't? We've had fights that have temporarily stopped us from talking. We have had plenty of disagreements. But unlike other friendships that may crumble at those times, our friendship has become stronger.
“Yay!” She said gleefully jumping up and down clapping her hands. “You won’t regret it!”
3. Revise the Plan
The first whiff is a clean, clear rye, much like the standard Sazerac, which yields to just a touch of fruit mixed in to the rye spice. The flavor is what grabs you right away. There is plenty of rye, but with a sweet, fruity note from the dessert wine, very unlike the sweetness you traditionally get from the corn in rye whiskey. Each sip is a mouthful of contrasting flavors - spicy and sweet, dry and fruity, whiskey and wine in perfect balance. The party continues into the finish. It's hard to believe that the few months this whiskey spent in the wine casks is enough to have such a pronounced influence on its character, but it can't be denied.
Scientists were obsessed with finding the pacemaker cell, the one that sent a signal to control the rest. Even after years of study without having found it, they continued to believe it was only a matter of time. The idea that this could happen without a leader of sorts didn’t occur to them (at least in the earlier literature I read on the subject).
"Over the Mountains
8 egg yolks
Siem Reap is like going to Disneyland. It's a town purely built around tourism. Sorry if it's a newsflash for those planning trips to Angkor Wat, but going there is not seeing the real Cambodia. It's like a dream being there. I'm not saying I look down on it or anything, because let's be real, after being at site with ramen noodles being the closest thing to western food that you eat for two months, I worship Siem Reap. The best western food I've had in all of Cambodia? Hands down in Siem Reap. It was rough calculating how much we spent just on food this weekend. All the money we've been saving by eating cheap Khmer food is suddenly gone, and has most likely appeared on my waistline.
AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS.
Things are not always what they seem here. Time is different. All roads and doorways lead somewhere. guides are light-colored and wear a badge marked “Instincts”. In general travel is easy..visit everywhere..explore and learn…have a nice trip, and we hope to see you on a regular basis.
In 2005, David Buttle, a financial accountant, began to look at the development of ebooks long before many publishers and authors acknowledged their significance. He decided to set up UKUnpublished, with the idea of producing ebooks in an attempt to make them a more popular medium. With the advent of DRM (Digital Rights Management) by traditional publishers and a developing and complex medium, he shelved the project. He began to look again at self-publishing and the growing number of authors he was hearing of, frustrated with paying high service fees to so-called self-publishing services. He revisited his UKUnpublished project again. An article by Cole Morton in 2007 in The Independent finally made his mind up.
Twentieth-century Christianity has put God on charity. So lofty is our opinion of ourselves that we find it quite easy, not to say enjoyable, to believe that we are necessary to God . . .
I used to see Beryl occasionally at dinner parties. Hers was a captivating personality, droll, eccentric and charming, though there was a thread of mischief running through, or even malice; her books, after all, are very dark. She was lovely-looking; like WH Auden, she grew into her wrinkles so thoroughly that her young face now seems strangely naked.
There was a child who I taught when I was first a teacher who was so shy she couldn’t even say her name when I called the register, she would just raise her hand with her head down. I noticed one time in assembly when we were singing that she had a beautiful voice and so at the first parents evening I suggested to her mum that she try to get her to come to my drama club. Eventually after a lot of persuading she came along and although it took over a year before she’d sing in front of the others she is now 21 and has just finished a degree in performing arts. We are still very close and she definitely inspired Phoebe but I had similar situations myself. When I emigrated to Israel for example, I became chronically shy and really lost my voice in a way. So many children do ‘lose their voices’ for a whole number of reasons and it’s so important they find a way to be heard.
What God was telling me was to start persevering in my CAUSE.
Prepare yourself to see the unseen as you’ve never seen it before.
We were pretty stoked that there was a wine and art festival with in biking distance of our home (though we didn't actually bike there cause apparently last weekend when KJ rode there on the busy city streets he was terrified and thus unwilling to do it again).
One day, I was referring to a parenting book for advice b/c I'd been noticing my children's behaviour and obedience weren't what I thought they should be. As I was reading, they included the scripture Prov 29:15, "a child left to himself bringeth his mother to shame." Somehow, that verse pricked my heart, as I realized how often I was telling my kids "Just go play while I get my housework done," and then feeling guilty b/c there never seemed enough time left over to work on forming habits or teaching them how to do helpful things around the house..... Well, here was the answer! I was "leaving them to themselves" too often, while *I* tried to do everything myself! As I looked at the answer in the Word, I saw that I should just keep them alongside me while I did my chores, which provided the most suitable time to teach them those things I previously didn't have time for! So from then on, I rearranged my day to include them in helping me every morning, as we clear the dishes from breakfast, empty the dishwasher, and one wipes the table and sweeps under it, while the other helps me wash the dishes. I'm also working on getting them in the habit of making their beds, getting dressed, brushing their teeth, and fixing their hair after we finish the kitchen (when they are older, they will do that before breakfast, but for now I don't want them getting food all over their clean clothes first thing in the morning lol!). We also pray together first thing every day, as I thought it would be a valuable habit to serve them well for the rest of their lives!
Utopia HD – Features an eccentric style and tons of options.
The British also supported us in both Gulf Wars and have been stalwarts in the fight against al Qaeda globally. Given the choice between supporting Her Majesty’s Government in defense in the right of Falklanders to self-determination, on the one hand, and giving de facto support to the gangster-government of Argentine president Cristina Kirchner on the other, well, there is no choice, and the Obama-Clinton “evenhanded neutrality” is a disgrace.
Stardust!
3 shakes of turmeric
Moon backed away. Was this really worth it?
Bertie unhooked his claws from the bird’s back and, not loosening the grip on the windpipe, swung himself over onto the opposite side. His weight and the momentum snapped the bird’s neck and they all fell tumbling onto the nest and over the edge, rolling down the hill in a mass of fur and feathers and blood.
Okay, enough prelim. We slid up through the Adirondacks (sedately; I've discovered the zen of mileage, and got 43 mpg over the whole trip (I think Jack was somewhat chagrined by the calmness of my driving)), smoothed down onto the flats outside of Plattsburgh, and just before the border, yes, I did realize that my cell plan was stupid expensive in Canada, and called my family and asked them to only call me for emergencies (something Jack would twist cruelly at every occasion into "He told his family to stop calling him."). Onward to the border, only...
Thank you for stopping by and taking a look! I hope your inspired to purchase this lovely kit if you have not already!
Well, that may be true; it might all be quite innocuous. If any of our readers were there, or could find the minutes of the meeting (translated into English), please let me know. In fact, that phone number is probably still good — you could try calling Valeria or Pablo and see what they have to say.
The turkey is in the oven and the table needs to be set. My sister and I are going to make some little arrangements with the last of the persian carpet zinnias and the deep red nasturtiums, cutting with reckless abandon since first frost can't be far off. My hands smell like onions and sage. I have slippers on. It's happening.
Speaking of possums, we have words for everything, a family vocabulary that covers an entire notebook of things only we call certain items. Sort of like fo' shizzle, but not. Our latest is road kill. So, a road-kill possum is called a squassum. There are squats and squogs and squnks-but mostly squassums. Chan wants to know what a road-kill squid would be called. Matt said if we hit a squid with the car, we had way more worries than what to call it!
DVD Audio Status: English 5.1 Dolby Digital and Spanish 5.1 Dolby Digital
David was wealthy, healthy, handsome, talented, smart, strong, loved, respected, and trusted – all in II Samuel Chapter 9 – but only two chapters later, we see David fall into his greatest sin – the incident of his affair with Bathsheba and subsequent murderous cover-up. Was David so blessed by God that he became filled with pride and fell into sin? Or was there something else going on behind the scenes? Stay tuned for Part Two, in which we will delve deeper into what it means to be a good steward of our blessings.
Actually, I have gotten pretty good at forgetting (I like to think it’s a skill, not old age creeping up on me) and have found that status querying doesn’t usually matter. I do hear back on submissions eventually. I know there is that rare occasion when something has been lost or forgotten. So, if it makes you feel better and you have waited for what feels like an excruciatingly long amount of time past the stated response time, send a short status query. But be aware that you might not hear back on that either. Policies change. All in all, no response = no. And boy, can those places with a no response policy make the wait easier, because getting a response is a great surprise!
Mind can be rampant if unchecked and seduced.
I can’t wait to have someone else to talk to about this novel.
You'll be glad to know that Fred doesn't totally succeed in his mission to make Martha good. Will we see more of this character? I do hope so.
¨ To Be Determined"
God is also a God of judgment and that judgment for our iniquity is upon us and all of our descendants. God is a God of repetition and second chances, but He is also a God of finality and judgment.
Incidentally, the book is not 'By Yukkopedia', it's by me. As for 'given you a credit of writing', that means reproduced the title page. (This book has been taken down by scribd.com in compliance with a take-down notice.)
We got to bring her home
Whoa. I can ask the Library to buy a book just so I can borrow it?! Sign me up.
* Children and Young People’s Participation Rights in Education, Anne B. Smith (2006) University of Otago at Dunedin, NZ.
Use three of the letters in the word “Spring” for your embellishments, materials, or image.
Sudama is already very Old, during his times IT Firms were smaller in every aspect. He joined at a junior level during his early career. From their he got into the core of Server Monitoring and Log Analysis. He says that today things are complex.
* MIB tells Ben to shoot Llana with the rifle. He does not.
1 obtains
1 signatures
Neal and Co. – What a bench, filled with Les Indiennes fabric pillows.
5. Place half of the rice mixture into the casserole dish, cover the bottom of the dish and up the sides, pressing it firmly into a bottom layer. Layer in the meat mixture and sprinkle mozzarella on top (saving some to sprinkle on top). Top with the remaining rice mixture and spread it until even. Top with the remaining tomato sauce, bread crumbs and cheese.
But when you take seriously the existence and malevolence of nonhuman forces that are capable of using “us” as well as “them” in the service of evil, the focus shifts. As the hazy and shadowy realities come into view, what we thought was clear and straightforward becomes blurred. Life becomes more complex, but arguably more realistic. The traditional lines of friend and foe are not easy to draw. You can no longer assume that “that lot” are simply agents of the devil and “this lot”—us and our friends—are automatically on God’s side. If there is an enemy at work, it is a subtle, cunning enemy, much too clever to allow itself to be identified with simply one person, one group, or one nation. Only twice in the gospel story does Jesus address “the satan” directly by that title: once when rebuking him in the temptation narrative (Matt. 4:10), and again when he is rebuking his closest associate (Mark 8:33) for resisting God’s strange plan. The line between good and evil is clear at the level of God, on the one hand, and the satan, on the other. It is much, much less clear as it passes through human beings, individually and collectively.
I have all kinds of news. First, I gotta say-I’m not too sure about the new blogger. The dashboard is weird and creating this post is interesting. By the time I finish this, I’ll now more about whether I like it or not. Anyway….some news.
Homing, by Alastair Moffat. A book I found while browsing in the library above. It's a memoir of growing up in the Borders in the 1950s. Beautifully written, moving, funny, and packed with historical detail. I'm also dipping in and out of 'All Hell Let Loose' By Max Hastings - a masterly history of World War II.
Bull Shoals fish have been feeding up on shad flushed live out of the dam, rather than the normal cold weather driven shad kill, and our guide team have been reporting some really solid fish, rainbows out of the norm. So it was good to find a few this week, still taking shad on the rises in flows, and eating Dynamite Worms and Davy Wotton Sowbugs in between.
I have learned a lot concerning the PoD process and expect all PoD releases to coincide with PDF releases in the future.
Richard Avery Aronow, 48, Mahwah, N.J.
16. Name 3 things you bought yesterday?
My first pitch to visit is a straight-up bribe: If you try the new supermarket in the Long Reach village center, you can get fried chicken before you shop.
I can't believe I'm 2 weeks away from my due date. It seems like everyone says the last month or so goes SOOOO slow, but I couldn't disagree more. Maybe it's because it's the end of the school year and I'm super busy with trying to prep for that as well as prep for my LT sub? Either way, I'm very anxious to meet Carson but I also know that I'll miss feeling his kicks all the time. (Sounds dumb but it's such a great feeling!) I went to the doctor for my 38w appointment and she wants to set up an induction! She said my body is "obviously very ready" and since Carson's heart rate has been lower and he has been consistently measuring ahead, she would love to induce me NEXT FRIDAY MAY 18th!!! Every week she acts surprised that he hasn't come yet so I'm kind of hoping he comes before the induction date just because inductions make me nervous.
I had a few squares left over so I made a coaster.
The retail prices index measure of inflation soared from 4.4 per cent in March to 5.3 per cent in April, the highest level since 1991, according to the Office for National Statistics.
After much experimenting and some messed up batches, I have come up with the following process, and it really made the most beautiful, moisturizing liquid soap I have used :)
I found a bargain.
Are things early, late or right on time where you are?
:: And I find it oddly fitting that I, completely by accident, managed to tell everyone to fuck off and leave me the fuck alone in my 300th post. Ah Universe, you wily creature you.
I Love You Golden Blue
Here’s my cycle from tonight. I’m getting faster with every cycle so that’s something to be happy about too!http://connect.garmin.com/activity/122908466
Okay, that's all for now!
when you’ve got a buddy to share it with.
Reform
All week I have been skipping breakfast. I'm just not feeling hungry in the mornings the way I normally do. It is a very strange thing for me since my sweet blood (read diabetes) usually has me shoveling food in my mouth the second I wake up. My blood sugar doesn't seem to be effected, yet. I've been keeping an eye on it so I don't bottom out and faint.
Anywho, those of you who know me, know that this is driving me BONKERS, but, I kinda sorta feel like I really need to... This town is just a titch too small. :) In a good way.
Form a ball with the dough and place it in a bowl smooth side up. Cover with cling wrap and proof it in a 45°C oven for 25 minutes.
3. Spoonman
5. At A Later Date (Live at the Electric Circus, Manchester, 2 October 1977)
Mags
The door to his office was open and you could hear the great American classicist Norman O. Brown chewing out an undergrad: "You don't have the courage to drop out of school!"
For years, Invader was among the coldest of cold cases. Then, in October 2008, this website appeared out of the blue, prompting conniptions among collectors prone to daily Google searching. Suddenly, the mystery unravelled before our eyes. We'll hand over to Invader's Noel Thompson (guitar/vocals) to take us through the who/what/when/where/why:
When I wasn’t talking to people, I was constantly updating the county clerk’s website as election results were posted. At one point, Margaux had to pull out her phone charger so my phone wouldn’t die.
by my candy hands,
Nice. Thanks.
And the grave is overwhelmed
I sure do miss our CHA adventures together (hotel rooms... beer at the not supposed to have been after parties *snicker*, whoopie cushions etc...).. it seems forever since we have caught up... I'm so proud to see all of your well deserved success in the scrap business.. you are truley one of the hardest working women I know!
Writes Patricia Kilday Hart, Shapiro "zeroed in an a study by the Legislative Budget Board earlier this year examining the employment status of paroled inmates who had received vocational training. Lawmakers wondered why inmates who received the training did not seem to have much better luck finding jobs than those who did not."
After Dad took off, Mom get worse, if that was possible. She’d sleep for days at a time. Dave would have to force her to take a shower every week or so, and we’d go in to wash the sheets and pick up all the dirty dishes piled up on her nightstand. Or on the floor. Or in the bathroom sink.
Aging sucks because I’m a “ma’am” instead of a “miss.”
From this image, one can assume that the Shays went to Mexico. And that Spencer STILL hasn’t gotten muscles. You know why? Because, despite the fact that his sister is at least 10 years younger than him, and that she’s a bit sick, SHE’s the one carrying all the bags…
Being a kindergarten teacher, it's not often I get to write "like a grownup." When I began this blog, an objective I set was to use this blog as an outlet to write in a grown up fashion. This post does not reflect that goal.
CLICK IMAGES TO ENLARGE
Our first doctor’s appointment… was scheduled for seven weeks, but when we went in there we found out I was only 6 weeks along. They wanted to see me back the following week to make sure everything was okay and to hear a higher heartbeat. The heartbeat the first time was only 100 bpm and the second time it had increased to 128 in just a week. After that, we let all of family and close friends know.
The best joke in the website came at the very end, where they show an array of spools from then to now. The copy reads: "Gold metal spools replaced wooden spools. These were soon replaced by plastic spools."
darren AT cosmicmail DOT co DOT uk
her eyes slowly open, dark and light the opposites of her orbs that see into my soul,
The Berne Convention provides a set of basic rules aimed at ensuring a uniform protection of the rights of authors in their literary and artistic works. Article 14 bis, specifically dealing with cinematographic works, leaves to members the task of identifying the owners of copyright but expressly allows national legislation to deny the principal director certain exploitation rights.
I like to chill the bowl I will make the whip cream in before I use it, but that isn't necessary.
**Update***1/1/11
The church fell upon hard times in the new century and was eventually sold to a drug rehabilitation center. According to a bishop at the time, there was an implicit understanding that the house of worship was always meant to help the needy. Then Peter Gatien came along, and larger ironies have never existed in New York City.
“Victor!! Oh my dayss are you okay babe?! Please tell me you are!” She screamed. I’m suprised no one has complained about the noise we’re making, *smh*.
Rest in Peace - HBS.
I am so behind on my blog, and for that I apologize. In my defense, I've been working 40-50 hours a week and trying to be a good mommy to my 18-month-old. Plus, yesterday we had new carpets installed in our house which required packing everything up and moving the furniture into our dining room. It's going to take me FOREVER to put it all back. Sigh. Anyhow, yesterday on Authentique's blog, my hand-stitching tutorial went up. I'll copy and paster it here for your viewing pleasure!
If you click through to the product page, you'll see them in action on a loyal Artisan Socks customer's lovely legs.
This leads me to more of my constant thinking about my “self,” as opposed to “myself” (which I do, also). This lifetime of contemplation I have always thought must be related to my TLEpilepsy which affects me (and my comrades) with an aura of dissociation. However, I think perhaps it is simply what I do as part of my quest to find (oh, I wish I had a better way of putting this) “the meaning of life.”
Jason Wilson wrote a piece on session beers for the San Francisco Chronicle (which is just now starting a beer column? WTF?!) that definitely gets it. And not just because he quoted me extensively. Really. No, he clearly gets the whole thing, to the point where he recognizes that he has to up his session beer ABV ceiling to BeerAdvocate's 5% ceiling to come up with some beers to talk about...because there just aren't that many sub-4.5% beers out there.
Have a great day~
2010: Marshmallow Bunny
I will finish this piece with an extract from the back cover of one of Maverick House Publishers forthcoming titles this year, A Shattered Youth by Savathy Kim.
He had knocked the breath out of her. “Ju…Ju…,” she huffed. She crawled over to where her friend, Jumper, lay unconscious on the sidewalk. Everything was blurry. She rubbed her eyes hard, over and over, trying to clear them enough to see through the uncontrolled tears. She touched his chest, but her hand was shaking so badly that she couldn’t tell if he was breathing. She reached for his neck again, this time to check for a pulse.
I suspect there will be a few false starts, a few dead ends.
This spring book-signing emphasizes Laid-Back Skier as an ideal gift at Easter time: All our ski bunnies, and the spring colors, and the fact that the book’s size lends itself to Easter baskets. Spring skiers will enjoy the book. Laid-Back Skier is ideal for Christmas, too. Or a birthday, or for somebody who is not feeling well or is down on their luck. The messages are uplifting and positive.
So at 21, I got married, allowed my dad to walk me down the aisle just so I would not have to explain why he wasn’t allowed, and got a wire on my finger no nicer than that plastic one I used to play pretend with. Part of me looked for my fist love to come charging in on horseback to rescue me, part of me was seething that none of the decorations I had wanted were there, part of me was happy to see how many people showed up to support me, part of me was upset by how many hadn’t. The biggest part of me was just relieved to no longer be living in sin. That weighed on me every day over the past few years, and was finally lifted. How stupid, I never went to church or even prayed, but this idea of guilt and sin was very powerful nonetheless. So was the image that I was perfect, everything I did back then was to maintain an outward image of perfection, to hide the deep dark mess I was inside.
“I’m sure you did dear. You must have done the best you could.” Why not simply give Jack a quarter, pat him on the head, and send him off like a good crazy boy?
At least cereal is fortified here, so I'm pretty sure it's giving me all the nutrition I need. :)
- Transaction fees
The other great thing about the Old Post Office is that it has a food court. Less expensive dining can be a bit tricky to get near the Mall. Not that there is anything I would consider a “can’t miss” in the offerings, but when you have a hungry crew who all want different things…the variety can be a life saver. There are a few shops as well where you can pick up fun and/or cheesy gifts and even a small arcade. Also, thank goodness, there is actually still a working Post Office! It is kind of hard to fun, but a fun hunt and they have lots of different stamps to look at. Plus, there are plenty of seats inside the Old Post Office so it can be a good place to relax for a few minutes if the weather is not that great.
Besides these two things, there wasn’t too much going on. The Queens Art Museum was out there but I was alone and I think it was closed anyway. Could make a nice day trip though! I’m told that the food in the area is really good, lots of diversity. Next time I suppose….
The Stolen Bride: Tor/Forge hardcover, April 2012, 344 pages, cover art by Steve Stone. Tony Hays is an international journalist who also writes historical mysteries. The Stolen Bride is the fourth in his series of mysteries during the days of King Arthur. But the books are not fantasies——Hays assumes the Arthur legends were based on real people and places his stories in a historically accurate early medieval setting.
The whole mask thing came with the group when it originated in China I believe. We have been around for a while.
Making the blog’s contents more in line with my personal devotion has assured that I’m more active in posting; I’d like to build up an audience so that I can discuss the details of this at length with others, and of course to get more feedback on my writing. Thinking ahead to Theophylact’s commentary, I find that if one keeps in mind that this is a devotional of the Gospels first, and the commentaries are only aids as useful as their capacity to highlight the Gospel, they are in fact rather useful; I hesitate to give my endorsement after only three chapters, but I suspect that they contain explanations we ought to hear.
He came to me
Peel and slice beets very thinly or use a mandoline
There are guns on the streets, there are depraved individuals who wield them and until we decide that these problems are important enough to address as a society, until we stop thinking that the building of stadiums and vacant overpriced condos can prevent these occurrences, they will happen. We are a society, a community, and the problems that are left untreated will reach us no matter how hard society tries to push those problems away.
I might be able to rustle up a plain white t-shirt or looks like a trip to the local op shop might be in order. Wonder what they've got in the line of fake beards?
Home Improvement Mistakes to Avoid
Coloring/Ink: Copic markers, Crackle paint and Memento ink (Rich Cocoa).
Saturday was the same. We were supposed to have salad with dinner, instead of a hot vegetable. To feed the jail and all the CCC (community corrections center) we need approximately 5 cases of salad. There were 3 and a half, of which we could only use 3 – because there had to be enough salad left for Staff Cart. Again, we scrambled and sent hot vegetables out to CCC instead and made the 3 cases work for the jail.
In a large pan over medium heat, melt the butter and add the shallot. Cook for 5 min until browned, then add the pecans and cook for 2 min stirring occasionally. Then add the white wine, heavy cream, and sage and stir well. Allow it to simmer over low heat while cooking the gnocchi.
Enter Joe. You see, Joe was playing (what else?) a tiefling. He had been running this tiefling with a few of his friends in the Planescape setting and wanted to enter our campaign. I had no idea what a tiefling was, and when he told me it was half-demon from the Planescape setting, I immediately put up a mental block for all things involving the setting. It had, in my opinion at the time, spawned a layer of such cheese that I refused to take it seriously as a campaign world. Of course, over the years I think the tiefling has developed in the game into something that truly epitomizes what old schoolers hate about the current iterations of the game, going from optional player characters in later editions, to a core race in 4e.
I would recommend using hiking sticks to take pressure from your knees. Take due precautions. Bring water and energy food just in case.
I bring this to you as a public service, and as a forum for people to discuss Ehrman’s latest reply. As for me, right now I’d rather look at baby hawks.
Authorial Asides: From the notes at the end of the book, you'll be pleased to find that author Bryce Moore has actually visited Trenčín, really likes the castle, and thinks you'd like it, too. Even if you don't see a vodník down the well.
And nobody could enjoy a beer.
She could already hear the voice of her pastor booming from the pulpit.
spotted the couple towing their
Why no one should overlook the extremely big limits in the ways in which Hollande would be an improvement on Sarkozy; still it would be great to drive the corrupt racist warmonger anti-worker politician Sarkozy out of the presidential palace. And out of politics altogether (which Sarkozy has promised if he would lose the presidency. It is to be hoped that will become the only promise which Sarkozy has ever kept).
Girl realizes that in 7 months, she paid as much as she's about to buy a new car for-- and thinks to herself "thanks for screwing me once again, asshat"
Few remember the now nearly extinct old-fashioned gas stations complete with service repair bays, staff mechanics, and attendants who pumped the gas for the customer as he or she stayed in their car. Not only were they businesses that for decades met the needs of the American car culture but in many ways they provided a degree of free services that while very small nonetheless have left a gaping hole in daily life.
PRIVATE SAMMIE E. MIXON
There must have been one, some time, some warning, some leading; something. There was the time in the time I asked the sky but perhaps my own body covered in blood dying couldn’t be worthy to be seen or tolerated. There was the ominous voice but most certainly not divine. There was assuredly the moment when my mother had driven away in the night. I was only a small child and crying I had no idea what to do in the dark duplex building on Insley. Wailing something told me it would be alright. I would be safe; such peace that I stopped crying to move into the darkness unafraid wondering how to pass the minutes.
This product does not contain gluten.
Dec. 9th is the last day we could legally get an abortion in our state. This vote will remain open until 2 days prior to allow for the procedure if decided.
He occasionally tries to give the cats a little kick to get out of the way. I guess that he has seen me do it a time or two.
“I see,” Freij said quietly in a sound that could have otherwise been a bell chime.
wherever there is.
(Okay, odd side note here, but I could not find any Google reference to the characters Julieta and Antonia. Have I found something that is not on the Internet?!?)
1 green pepper, diced
This is my annual picture of what the front garden looks like but I promise this is not a recycled photo; it took it on Saturday .
If you are anything like me you have been trying to awaken your fellow human beings to the dangers we face from this tribal mentality that has cast a dark shadow over the world for fourteen hundred years.
A couple of years ago there was a debate, a hot debate, about the health care in this country. Many voices were heard – and ignored – as the congress pushed for more intrusion and power over people’s lives. For a bit of history on pieces of this debate, I have looked up some references:
My WHY is not my kids. It is not security. It is not fame. It is not fortune. My WHY is my dad.
Thanks for checking me out again today! Hoping to be back again soon with a new page layout!!
But the most decibels comes from her laughter!! When she laughs....oh my, it's so loud!!!
Another preacher begins, his voice volume greater than that generated by the small amplifier used previously. Simultaneously, a young man is reading loudly from a text, directed at the preacher. I cannot recognize the language - I assume it is a religious text, perhaps in Hebrew and ask him about it. He is an English literature student and is reading the Canterbury Tales in the original Middle English at full volume. It's a war of words...
‘Why did you leave the golden throne resplendent with gems, why did you put aside the dazzling crown?
Why do they whine? Children whine because they want our attention.
Back to Lizzie and Phil.
Both of these major crimes were committed in Manhattan, the capital of Zionist mafia.
i was really pleased with how quickly the items were shipped, and the care with which they were packed.
Another questionable call by NASCAR came with only 12 laps to go. Stewart was leading the race when a caution comes out. According the Stewart the culprit was a plastic bottle. Yep. A 16oz. water bottle NASCAR felt was a threat to the safety of the drivers on the track. Granted, Stewart’s pit crew yo-yoed all night in terms of performance and they faulted on the last caution, not allowing Stewart a shot at the win.
Jerome: “And built a tower therein,” that is, the Temple, of which it is said by Micah, “And thou, O cloudy tower of the daughter of Sion.”
the nights are getting cooler.
John 20:17 "Jesus said, 'Do not hold on to me, for I have not yet returned to the Father. Go instead to my brothers and tell them, I am returning to my Father and your Father, to my God and your God.’”
Just like there are many varieties of seeds available to plant for food, shade, or pleasure; there are endless seeds of thought we can plant for a multitude of outcomes. We can choose to plant the seeds of wholeness, wellness, joy, love, beauty, success, dreams, simplicity, harmony, balance, fun, creativity, relationships, communication, forgiveness, reconciliation, hope, faith, strength, courage, wisdom, completion, discipline, longevity, health, adventure, positivity and so much more… There are an infinite amount of seeds available to plant in the fertile soil of our consciousness. The trick is to continue nurturing them and not dig them up. When we plant a seed, we are expressing faith in Universal Laws or Truths that we can trust to manifest our desires. Tomato seeds produce tomatoes. They can’t produce cucumbers because that’s not the intention of their seeds. The same in true for planting seeds of joy, wisdom, love and anything else in life; they all correspond to the intention of that particular seed. Therefor, paying attention to the seeds we plant in our own minds, correspond with the outcomes we experience in our own lives.
Black gram dal – 1 teaspoon
Corps Headquarters XXVIII Army Corps
I hear the wind
It also needed a great deal of organisation to switch from one colour to the next placing the shuttle and ball out of the way......and a great deal of concentration at first to make sure that the chains lay on top of each other in the correct order. I got this wrong in the very first chain but think it's a great feature to make a specific top to the egg motif!!
The Dog eating freak and his endless fiascos just won't go away either!
No wonder four different apostles needed to write about the Last Super! But as the first waves of caffeine hit the blood stream, the conversation locked onto Bernie telling of his encounter with a sick deer stalking one of the ski runs up in Vermont. After several other skiers reported seeing the deer wander aimlessly onto the ski path, the ski patrol decided that for the safety of the skiers and the deer, the animal needed to be put down, which Bernie was quick to acknowledge was very sad. Dave then mentioned that he always wanted to see an elk. One time he was brought to a valley where elk would gather at sunset. He thought he could feed the elk! At least he wasnʼt like W. C. Fields who would excuse himself in The Fatal Glass of Bear to “go and MILK the elk.” Dave said the signs were posted all over warning not to put out any food whatsoever because this would most likely attract bears. Eddie Jurewicz remembered reading about a man somewhere who would welcome bears onto his property. From the other end of the table, Ed Sherretta added that unfortunately, the man was killed by one of those bears! This disclosure led to the story of Bernie and Bear. One day, Bernie caught a bear eating the peanut butter out of his backyard bird feeder up in Vermont. Bernie tried several unsuccessful attempts (at various levels of aggression) to try to shoo-it-away, but buddy bear would have none of it.
I wonder…
8. I live in Canada. It's cold. I would rather live somewhere warmer, but family is here, and family makes me feel all warm inside.
*** Oh yeah, and a belated r.i.p. to newsman Mike Wallace, who had this to say in a 1967 CBS documentary:
The new fundholder had earlier been introduced as Mr Rob Offord, husband of Amanda Offord, both activists from Moseley.
Are you suffering from sweaty palms? Is your personal and professional life being tampered due to this illness? I am writing this article as a relief for those who are victims of excessive sweating.
government but has become a
* Go for moisturizing or intensive-care conditioners if you have dry hair.
But that's about where the similarities end. Kimberly is way too conflict-averse (scared) to be a detective although she did give her two cents on some of her mother’s cases whether asked or not.
One of the most simple examples is people that has convinced themselves that “only bad things happen to them.” Why? Because their story emphasizes the bad or difficult events in their life and plays down or ignores the good things. They can tell tale after tale of “bad things” and then add up those examples to say that they aren’t supposed to be happy. One style of therapy refers to creation of a story that overemphasizes negative events as a “problem-saturated story.”
the north, south, east & west. i am lighting candles in the morning now
Use the ink cartridges made by the selfsame concern of the machine if you pauperism the unexceeded property of printing. It tends to be costly but if you reckon of the angelical it will channelise you then it gift be worth it.
I used bazzil card-stock and the DP from Tim Holtz Vintage Shabby paper stack.
I wrote about our chickens last fall when we first got them. I guess I didn't tell an important story that leads up to recent events.
Now, more than ever, I know I am there for a reason. I know this all happened for a reason. I know it’s possible to fall in love with a city. And I’m looking forward to seeing what the city and the next nine months hold for me.
(512) Brewing is still awaiting final TABC approval before selling to the public.
Emanating from the fertile mind of writer-director Jim Makichuk, this Emmeritus Production, in association with CHCH-TV and Telefilm Canada, may look like just another in a long line of low budget thrillers about a bunch office drones struggling to stay alive in a multi-story building where an energy-starved computer wants to convert their body heat into power, but it's so much more than that. How much more, you ask? Even though I feel like I'm the only person living outside of Hungary who has seen this flick, I'm not sure if I'm qualified to answer such an awkwardly didactic question. I mean, I want to say that it's a cautionary tale about the dangers that could arise when a society becomes overly reliant on technology, but I don't really think a statement like that properly captures the unnerving disquietude that this film radiates on a semi-regular basis. What's a blithering idiot to do?
If good enough could’ve been better
Someone a row or 2 down sent a text.
Duane Allman - guitar
How did you end up in Atlanta?
I look into her eyes and feel the warmth.
“Please do, Alpha Chavez,” she said. “Let him know we’ll contact him in the next day or so.” She didn’t need to lower her shields to feel the roil of power coming off the alpha because of her dismissive tone.
What can I say? These caramels are a revelation. They melt in your mouth with buttery sweetness that's unlike anything I've ever tasted. The bag I bought had several different flavors, including chocolate and pomme tatin, but the original was the hands down winner. And that little shop is apparently the only place in Paris where they're sold. I'll be back.
I was concerned that the gluten-free flours would create a dough that spread too much if I used an equal amount of butter, so I cut back on that just a little. I also used molasses as part of the sugar because I thought it might moisten the stickier flours a little more and help bind them with the rest of the ingredients. Using the egg as the starter 2 oz. in the ratio, my ratio ended up being 1:3:4:4 -- 1 part egg: 3 parts fat: 4 parts sugar: 4 parts flour. (2 oz. egg: 6 oz. butter: 8 oz. sugar: 8 oz. flour)
The one below is mine:
Whilst in IKEA I came across Phillip and Jude Reddaway who own a beautiful old priory called La Madelène from which they conduct wine tours of the Rhône region. I did a three day course with them two years ago and learned a lot about the local wines and so I asked Phillip to pair a wine with the meatballs and this is what he came up with.
We can therefore never be too careful when it comes to the protection of life in the workplace. That is why I adopt the phrase “remember the dead and fight for the living” which Unite is promoting as part of the events of 28th April co-sponsored by the Government and to which people from across the Community and across the political divide have been invited.
I did a happy dance when I found this night table at Home Goods. I made the small picture from his favorite fortune cookies. The metal bucket was collecting dust in the pool shed...I love the pop of chrome, and the extra storage.
Being part of a society like the RSPB can be a great way to encourage children to take an interest in nature and wildlife and inspire them to get outside and explore and learn as much as they can. There are 200 RSPB nature reserves throughout the country where you can get up close and personal, not only with birds, but with plant species, trees, frogs and butterflies.
59. His favorite athlete is Kobe Bryant.
It's all really exciting. So the next point is that this blog from now on (if I really even attend to it.. we will see in time), is to briefly chronicle what is happening in our world. I am a bit motivated by the outward approach that Tucker Max (Taylor Steele) has taken with the creation and release of his film, I Hope They Serve Beer In Hell. So in that light, I may take an active approach to regurgitating the information and events that will ultimately lead to Day 1 Opening.
He lived his later years in the city in a home near Broadway and Worth Street, before finally retiring back to the family home in Flushing. He died in 1861 and you can conceivably still go visit him; he's buried at the Lawrence family burying ground at 216th Street and 42nd Avenue in Bayside, Queens.
Feature Running Time: 95 minutes
One day the Lord sent a Great Stone of Fire from the Heavens which hit the earth and made a great groaning in the world. The sky grew dark and cold and there was again a long ice age. And so I have watched and learned much through many an ice age since then and have journeyed far within the freezing hand of the Water Lord.
They used to endanger their lives, used to do wonders and extraordinary deeds being sure of Allah’s Help, depending upon Hls Promise as it happened in the Islamic army under the commandership of Said bin Abi Waqqas. He stood in front of the town of AlMidian and could not find any ship or boat (it became completely impossible for him to find anything of that sort) and the water of the river Tigris (‘Iraq) increased tremendously with overflooding (its water became dark) and it overthrew its foam from excessive water in it. Sa’d addressed the people (troops) over its bank (saying): “I have resolved to cross this sea (great river) in order to assault them (the enemy).” They (the people) replied: “May Allah direct us and you to follow the right path. So please do it.” Then he (Sa’d) rushed heedlessly into the (river) Tigris with his horse and all the people (his troops) too rushed heedlessly into it (Tigris) and not a single man remained behind from him; so they marched over it as if they were marching over the surface of the earth, till they filled it (the space) between its two banks and one could not see the water surface from the cavalry and the footsoldiers. The people spoke to one another over the surface of water as they used to speak to one another over the surface of earth. So when the Persians (army) saw them they said: Diwana… Diwana, i.e. mad people… mad people). By Allah! You are not fighting against human beings, but against jinns.” On that Sa’d (raa) started saying: “Allah is Sufficient for us and He is the Best Disposer (for our affairs); by Allah! Surely Allah (swt) will give victory to His friends; verily, Allah will make superior His Religion, and verily Allah will defeat (over power) His enemy, as long as there are neither adulterers nor committers of those (similar evil) sins in the army (Sa’d's troops), then the good deeds will overcome the evil.”
First, Jesus is full of compassion. He cares about our big problems, as well as issues of minor significance. He is profoundly committed to our restoration and, yes, our happiness. Jesus is not a kill-joy, but a joy-bringer. In this story, the leper in fact teaches us how to pursue the favor of God. We begin by imploring him. The idea of “implore” implies a committed effort to see something change. We should not expect God to do what he said he would do if we do not believe he will do it. The end result of a true imploring for the Christian is that if God heals it is because it is best for you; if God does not heal it is because it is best for you. The end-result is a win-win. The Bible says we are to come with boldness before the throne of grace. This is what it means to implore.
She took a step towards him and he was gone, leaving the street empty in front of her. Why? She went to walk after him and frowned when her arm lagged behind her, held fast by something. Her eyes drifted to her wrist and the hand tightly grasping it.
This show was a bit much for my tastes, coming on with the subtly of an air horn. That being said it had enough good things working for it that I just left it out of the ten spot.
So, yes, life has been interesting. In other news, the kiddos are fine. Her Majesty starts kindergarten in 5 weeks, and I have only one daycare payment left. FOREVER. We are doing the summer camp shuffle with Wonder Boy (who should now be called Wonder Pre-Adolescent) which is only challenging in that I planned summer camp when I was working in one location and am now working in an entirely different location so have much more driving at rush hour than I was anticipating. (My afternoons over the last 2 weeks? Driving from my temporary offices at I-35 and 290, to W.B.'s Magic Camp in deep East Austin off Cesar Chavez to Her Majesty's daycare at 34th and Mopac. And then home to South Austin. Yes, I am beat down at the end of the day.)
April 23, 2012
Deer Mr., Mrs., Ms., or Whatever M. Smoot:
I also get to hear a lot about romance. Both the boys and the girls write poems about their current loves, lost loves, broken or disappointed loves, and hopes and dreams for love in the future. I took those two threads of starting a new life and falling in love and wove them together in WEAVING MAGIC.
The boys seemed too occupied to notice him, and the old man breathed a sigh of relief. The small sound caught the attention of one of the boys. Taller than the rest, he had the awkwardness of his age. He was quieter than the others, too. The old man sucked in his breath and waited.
About the Book:The Guardian Duke is award-winning novelist Jamie Carie’s most exciting story yet, a uniquely arranged Regency-era romantic adventure where hero and heroine know each other through written letters but have yet to meet.
Frizzled Brussels Sprouts
you think, tired, aging, buy a better bra.
On a windswept hillside in an old English country church cemetery, in Hampshire County, Massachusetts, stands a dreary, grey slate tombstone on which the faints words can still just be distinguished: Arabella Young January 3, 1946-May 24, 2001 “BENEATH THIS STONE, A LUMP OF CLAY, LIES ARABELLA YOUNG, WHO, ON THE TWENTY-FOURTH OF MAY, BEGAN TO HOLD HER TONGUE. “
25g/1oz milk chocolate (or more plain chocolate if you don't have)
I didn't know it when I first walked in. I even took the photo before I knew it. I just liked being back in a small town where you can go to a place like this and see regulars and locals, which I thought he was. And the conversation started up easily enough--we were the only two people in the place except for two waitresses and from the sounds in the back one person cutting the meat with an electric knife. He asked where I was from, and I told him. Asked what I was doing in town, and I told him. I asked if he'd always been from Taylor, and he said just since '46, when he moved from Cistern, Texas. Turns out he left out a few things that the conversation turned up, like being a medic in WWII. If you're not familiar with medics, especially back then, they're the ones who go into combat without guns. They're there to pull people out, and can't fire back, thought they were frequent and favorite targets of the other side. Shooting a medic meant wounded soldiers would continue to draw resources in order to get them off the field, or even more frequently, die before another medic could get to them. So if anyone has earned the right to have a long life in a quiet sleepy town doing what he loves in a way that makes him a legend at it, it's Vencil. And it's a bit funny that one of the best BBQ places in town is hidden damn near under a bridge behind this door:
And then a heaven sent line slices through the cosmos and makes me smile!
As their romance deepens there’s one question they can’t ignore: How are they supposed to be together if Vincent can’t resist sacrificing himself to save others? Although Vincent promises that he’ll do whatever it takes to lead a normal life with Kate, will that mean letting innocent people die? When a new and surprising enemy reveals itself, Kate realizes that even more may be at stake—and that Vincent’s immortality is in jeopardy.
Here are our choices for this year (or at least all the ones my sleepy brain can remember):
The glory shall be thine.
IF YOU TEACH AN IDEA, EXPECT YOUR STUDENTS TO USE IT!
10:15 am – 10:30 am Break
Vikki and I have been trying to meet up for dinner for months. At first, it was the issue of trying to find a mutually convenient date in both our busy December schedules. Between work schedules and social calendars, we finally nailed down a specific date in mid-December.
I used a ribbon to hold the flap flat so the inside of the card would be easier to see ~ the gift card covered up the letters so it was hard to tell what it said. If I did not use the big circle cut, I would have left the flap untied.
I am grateful that I am living in Malaysia. Compare to others, natural disasters here are puny.
Righteous Brothers You’ve lost that lovin’ feelin’ US
I dropped in to Market Organics, just on the chance that maybe I’d get lucky, or at least run into a massive selection of cruelty-free skin care. They had recently gotten in GT’s Kombucha drinks! I was psyched. I didn’t feel like carrying too much, at the time, so I only bought two, at $3.99 each. But I found out they also offer a 10% student discount everyday.
Are you stoned, baby?
Any blogosphere fans going to the 2012 Calgary Expo? This year’s Comicon features the entire Star Trek: The Next Generation principle cast reuniting for the very first time since the TV series went off the air. Also, many celebrities will be coming: legendary comic artist Stan Lee, the original Batman Adam West, Fringe’s Dr. Bishop & Astrid, Nightmare on Elm Street’s Freddy Krueger (Robert Englund), Amanda Tapping from Stargate: SG-1, Hayden Panettiere from Heroes, Lance Henriksen (from Millennium & Aliens – he was awesome in Aliens), the Battlestar Galactica actors Captain Kara Thrace / Starbuck, Chief Galen Tyrol and Tom Zarek (who was also Cpt. Apollo of the original B.G.).
Speaker: Paul Copan
By 1949 the anti-comics hysteria wanes a bit and publishers begin to leave the ACMP. Timely may have left early on but at some point must have returned as their covers sported a small ACMP stamp from April 1952 to January 1955 on most titles.
One of the most common misconceptions about homeschooling and unschooling is that you have to be wealthy to do so. I actually do get this comment from both parents of children who attend public school as well as some curriculum-using homeschoolers, many of whom are quite well off and do not seem to understand if we cannot afford an expensive field trip or microscope.
At least I'm coming home in daylight.
I'd love to hear from readers and fellow Jack Cole fans as to whether this ad appears to them to be drawn by Jack Cole.
Dear gentlefolk of Newport
23. Did you ever do the speed skate races?? I did, but I never won. I always had a better chance at the dice game. Now, don't get me wrong....I could do some "mean" shuffle skating and skate backwards like there was not tomorrow. Man I'm cracking myself up. Really, I could!!!!
AND, Toby said I could ride with him at his barn for a few days next year. I could have went the next day after the show if I wasn't flying out. He said I could join their Troop ride where I could ride with a sword and a spear and we'll go for a ride through Great Windsor Park. Yeah, I'll be back next year!
All the flowers and crochets are from Prima. The white bird is from Prima as well. The pearls have been made with Pearl Maker Pastel Lilac. Lace from a LSS, yellow ribbon was a gift from a friend. Most papers have been distressed with Distress Ink Dusty Concord.
By now you should’ve broken down 4 or 5 goals for the next year. Maybe lose some weight; maybe go back to school or save some money. They should be SMART goals (Specific, Measurable, Attainable, Relevant, Time-specific). But how do you get there? You break it up into manageable chucks, each chunk itself a mini-SMART Goal.
This album is a mix of their classics as well as laced with stuff off their 2011 album, “The King Is Dead.”
Those in Peril has some very sexual and violent scenes. Is it your intention to shock people?
1 requirements
Duchovny
There is a Benson in this picture somewhere! He was on the move, trying to get to the tractor! And what happens next is this little guy climbs into the tractor all by himself and starts drinking out of his dads mug of pop!
Linda :0)
Ink - SU Wild Wasabi, Memento Black, PTI Inking Cube Chai, Copics
Kate has no waist. She has, what is often referred to as, a boyish figure. The tailoring in that dress however (SUCH BLOOMING CLEVER TAILORING), gave her the hourglass of all hour glass figures to die for. The addition of the layered pleats at the waist was perfect for giving the illusion of a waist where there isn’t one.
kissing and sucking her breast and rolled on top of her . She
“Rose?” he said in a questioning tone.
Grand Prize:
This ridiculous forbidding of photo­graphy for no very good reason is becoming well nigh universal. There is no good reason for it (citing “terrorism” is a silly excuse not a genuine reason).
Here are the ones I chose (they are even on clearance)!
The fear factor has been greatly diminished. And, by the way, we commend you, because the work that all of you are doing in bringing forth the open conversations with the galactics, with the inter-galactics, with the star-seeds, this is making it the new normal, and it is removing that veil of something unusual or paranormal.
The life of a college student is always full of events, even if they aren’t as exciting as winning a competition and being a TRA for a week. Biola is no exception. We may have been listed as the “#1 tamest party scene colleges in California” by CollegeProwler.com, but we have things that no other university has. Where else can you win lunch with your president one day and pick up a game of Frisbee with two of your professors the next? Biola is a great school, and we know how to party while being tame.
For the sins of His own nation
Meanwhile, a few blocks north, nuns from the Sisters of the Holy Cross had set up a parochial school next door to St. Mary’s Church (now Cathedral). Their first home was a two-room cabin, one room serving as “parlor, classroom, study hall, recreation room, music hall, assembly room, as well as refectory and sewing room. The other room was used as kitchen, dormitory, pantry, and store room.” That must have been quite a cabin.
08-Eustin Gregory-You Are So Real
The honest answer is; apart from the web, we’re not entirely sure how we’re going to do this yet. This is something traditional publishers do as part of the process for each book and possibly another appealing aspect of traditional publishers. But I’ve also heard they can do very little to push a book, so it’s a tough one to call.
Israel is the only legitimately Western nation in the region, a true democracy. It is America’s greatest ally there. It shares invaluable intelligence at the highest levels of our government. It is a major trading partner with the U.S. Most of the technology Americans use in communications and in our military contains Israeli developed components. All the large U.S. technology companies have research centers in Israel. It also has a very large army and is quite capable of defending itself, but an umbrella of protection should exist because it is strategically important to our own security and Europe’s.
Now Albert’s coming back, make yourself a bit smart.
Usually Tuesday is the day that I detest. Mondays are usually calm and Tuesday were named “Tumultuous Tuesdays.” There is usually so much chaos on Tuesdays; however the past Tuesdays have not been crazy. Hurray! I decided that I had to change my attitude and stop projecting a terrible Tuesday into the universe. For the past two weeks I have not thought about what Tuesday will be like on Monday. Instead, I have chosen to take one day at a time and accept whatever comes with the following day. There is truly something to the saying, “Change your thoughts, change your world.”
We just need to concentrate, keep calm, keep everyone on the pitch, hope Brad Jones is OK and, above all, stick the bleeding ball in the net when we get the chance! Hope springs eternal so I’ll say 2-1 to us.
The old tale of Rumplestiltskin comes into play here. That mischievous imp came into the life of a young woman and tormented her to no end. The only way to put a stop to his antics was to guess his name, which she did. He promptly vanished, and his reign of terror was over.
Thank goodness the process of shopping has changed dramatically over the years. I’ve gone from running around the state in search of that one item that nobody seems to have in stock, to buying 75-85% of the presents on-line and having them delivered to our front door…gift-wrapped.
My son Matthew normally doesn't like to eat cake. I know. I don't get it either. But we were recently at his friend's birthday party, and when all the games had ended and it was time to eat, he finished his pizza and then promptly told me he wanted to go home. I said we couldn't leave until we'd had birthday cake, to which he declared he didn't want any cake! I told him that he didn't have to eat any of it, but that he had to stay long enough to sing happy birthday and watch his friend blow out the candles.
Now for some updates:
"I'm sure they didn't mean any harm but some people will take it offensive."
Actually, a good number were just Community Board members. And some of the most vocal people were, in the history of Atlantic Yards activism, never "die-hard" opponents but rather "mend-it-don't-end-it" BrooklynSpeaks types.
Now scallop all of the circles.
Serve the cooked Latkes immediately on a clean platter or remove the paper towel layer of the baking sheet and put the cooked Latkes onto the baking sheet and keep warm in the oven until serving time.
The basic premise: in the 1990s some asteroid crashes in Italy (near the Tiber river, where the name is from) with some weird alien mineral on it. The mineral spreads easily and rapidly along the surface of the Earth. It literally sucks the ore out of the ground, which makes it very valuable. It also causes cancer and mutations because why not. The military wing of the UN, called GDI, are forced into an asymmetric war with a fanatic cult army called the Brotherhood of Nod (who are lead by Kane from the biblical story Kane and Abel, no seriously) for control of the planet and both organizations are funded through the harvesting of tiberium.
They all love it....
(Also, she rolls over way more than he does.)
Ranadivé’s company created the TopCom version specifically for the World Economic Forum, the organization founded in 1971 by the German economist Klaus Schwab, which gathers together the world’s business, intellectual, and political leaders to discuss common issues. Because the organization has a hierarchy, so does TopCom: The top two hundred WEF members — basically, the people who run the world — can speak to one another on a given subject, and then they can choose to loop in members from lower tiers (experts, academics, etc.) as needed, widening the pool of knowledge on whatever problem is on the table.
and others yielded great stories and information. I promised my intrepid co-author,
One small victory
I wanted some of the oil finished leather in the scrap bin, after all , I didn't need half a hide to make a dozen napkin rings.
151. View From the Cherry Tree, The: Willo Davis Roberts
ain't life grand?
Ahehe.
4. Ease of getting PR and citizenship:
So here’s how it goes. You show up, old stuff you don’t wear anymore in-tow. Drop it like it’s hot, into a pile on the floor. It helps if you sort it out a little by size or type, but that usually never happens, which is OK too.
I used it along with a pattern I had picked up awhile back to make a note pad holder. The one from the pattern is on the right hand side. I didn't care for the looks of it so I started over this time using a binding on the edge. It turned out much nicer.
Malt: 85% Pale 2-row, 10% Vienna, 5% malted white wheat
If you don't like the crunchy feeling that you get from hanging up towels and jeans, dry them 3/4 of the time on the line, and finish the load in the dryer.
450ml warm milk
In return he knocks out another of my fauns.
and puppies tramping about their property.
So there’s a pretty wide gap. Now, he’s more mature. He’s more conservative, I accept that. I think it’s a good thing. But those of us who were in the trenches fighting in the ’80′s, it would be nice to be recognized for what we actually did and not to have orchestrated attacks to try to distort the history of that period.
—Exerpt from The Magician’s Elephant
My second beer was a Black Dog Ale (American Amber/Red Ale, 5.2% ABV). The thing about this beer was that it had this coppery, metallic aftertaste as if I had been drinking it straight from the bottle. Other than that it was fine but not remarkable.
She is happy being the center of attention.
The Appeal Rule that was set to go into effect December 10, 2008 is delayed, and will not go into effect tomorrow. A notice to be published in tomorrow's Federal Register reads as follows:
You prefer velour crib sheets. As in, you won't sleep well if at all on anything but. When they're dirty you're fussy and as soon as their back on your mattress you nuzzle your face into them. It's adorable you picky little thing.
Scripts: One last question. A lot of people are reluctant to take drugs if their condition is on the mild end of the spectrum. “I only have stage 1 hypertension,” they say, ” so prescription drugs aren’t worth the hassle or side-effects.” What might you tell them?
If I could imagine a work of literature in Yiddish, what would it be? An epic poem about today's Chasidim, written in Chasidic Yiddish, perhaps. Or a sprawling novel of contemporary Jewish life (about either sector, ultra-Orthodox or secular) written by an observer "on the other side." More than likely, though, the coming Yiddish classic will be written in a genre not even on my radar, outside my dyadic model of contemporary Yiddish culture. I look forward to it.
And singing
Banks of check-outs?
Here we go with the only landscaped card of the Nats Team Set Right Fielder and Slugger Jayson Werth (I keep wanting to put an "A" in his last name). When Jayson was with the Phillies he was a big pain in the rear to the Nats, however since being with the Nats he really hasn't been that big a pain to other teams. It seems his best career years so far have been the ones with the Phillies. When we first got him I was really excited about his running/scoring ability and his decent fielding. He has been more of a let down, but he can still come through every once in a while. I just wish it happened more often. In the pic on his card it looks like he is trying to avoid a tag, but I don't see where the ball is. Maybe this was a scoring play? Or was it a "Hotbox" out?
SOMEHOW Shu ignores gravity and gets back up to Gai’s level despite absolutely blasting past him, and manages to end up tenderly embracing him while Gai’s chest glows and they slowly drift down to the ground and FUCK I DUNNO. They have a moment and Gai seems to be back to his old self and inspirational and friendly and shit because lolcliché.
We enjoyed a birthday dinner of lasagna, garlic bread and Ceasar salad.
3. Drama Queen No.2 has managed to survive a visit to the dentist and was able to communicate through the use of vigorous hand signals that, no she would not like two loose teeth just tweeked out – past experience having taught her that hesitation on this type of issue results in plier type instruments being thrust into her mouth.
it’s slow motion in my head when
Hello and Happy Summer to everyone!
Everything has been super busy, darons mother was here (I think she made hell freeze over and that why it’s so damnn cold here) - I almost didn’t make it she was here forever... in laws should come with carfax!
Almighty God, our great Creator
beds in his apartment. I just wanted to make everyone happy so that no
- For a long time, critics questioned the accuracy of Daniel 5, which mentions a Babylonian King named Belshazzar. Archaeological records show that Nabonidus was king at the time, and do not mention Belshazzar. Yet, in 1956, three stone slabs were found. These slabs showed that while Nabonidus went off to war to fight the Persians, he entrusted the kingdom to his son, Belshazzar.
ELF Eyelish and brow wand: I use this A LOT to blend in my real lashes to my false ones as well as softening the colour I use to fill in my brows. Can't beat the price either.
"You know of anything else that looks like Realmlessness?" Even cracked hoarse with pain, Rissad's voice stayed unrelenting, incisive.
Manufactured in Japan until 1994, the Honda AX 250 has built up a sizable fan base among the earliest off-road enthusiasts. In fact, a grey market version of the original AX 250 is still available in certain parts of Asia, where it is very popular with tourists keen on touring on the less-than-perfect local roads. The AX 250 continues to be a popular used motorcycle in the UK, thanks to the reliable Honda engine and easily available spare parts. With the right maintenance and quality parts, even a decade-old Honda AX 250 can dazzle spectators and thrill off-road riders.
1 T dry sherry
1 lb bittersweet chocolate
Right now I'm curled up on my couch in my apartment watching married with children on TV while my roommate lucy struggles with filling out a million job applications. I used to hate the 90s, yes I've been mean muggin since '93, but I always thought of it as one of the least inspirational decades. Looking at the 2000 and actually looking back at my childhood, they weren't so bad.
From that day on, I saw him often. He explained to me, with great emphasis, that every question possessed a power that was lost in the answer…
For all their ferocity, zombies are morons. Morons are not all that dangerous, ultimately, especially when they’re trying to spread disease with their mouths. Look at it this way: if you could pick out somebody with the flu at ten paces without fail, would you ever get the flu? If the guy with that nasty cold going around ran around groaning and saying ‘cold…cooooold…COOOOOOLD,’ would you shake his hand? Of course not. The ability for the disease to transmit itself would be immediately and instantly curtailed. No zombie would be able to get on a plane, drive a car, sail a boat, which means the simple geography of the earth would keep them bottled up in one tight area, even *presuming* they were able to spread the disease with ease, which they can’t. Even if somebody were to manifest as a zombie on a plane, they would be quickly restrained and those one or two people they bit would be quarantined/checked out. Somebody bitten by a rabid person doesn’t just get to walk away, folks. Hell, they don’t *want* to walk away–they want antisceptic, bandages, and a consultation with a doctor.
North America.
great, and I want it. That's what the world can have.
Close your eyes and imagine that you are currently living about 6,000 miles from home. While you are there, someone tells you that you need to try to decide where exactly you are going to live for at least the next 3-4 years if not the next 5-10 years when you return home. Then they tell you that you can only choose 10-12 cities in the entire United States...and one of those cities is where you must spend the next couple years of your life. Do you feel the panic begin to set in? Increased heart rate...shortened breath...sweaty palms. This is where I find myself.
When you feel like your marriage, job, church, friends, etc. have become stuck in an ever-looping rerun of last week; when you feel like something has to change, you are right. But don’t look at what circumstances you can change, and don’t start looking for something new. Maybe, just maybe, what needs to happen is a change of heart. Our attitudes usually need more changing than any circumstance, but how do we usually pray? We pray for situations to change without any thought to our hearts’ need for transformation.
☆ XOXO ☆
Here’s the full e-mail:
And may have grown more arrogant being a ghost.
(photos by very talented Nicole Koch)
Step 11) The corner needed a little something, so I stamped these holly leaves on white card stock in Memento Tuxedo Black. The stamp is from a $ bin set at Michaels. I colored the leaves with Copic BG78 and the berries with R27.
Ps 86:12 I will praise You, 0 Lord my God, with all my heart: and I will glorify Your name
“What we also know…is that in previous cases animals that have higher loads of pollutants in their body will fall easier victims to these kind of diseases because their immune system is weakened.”
Now wake up and repeat this process again the next day. And the next. And the next.
Now in case nobody that follows my blog or doesn't follow just reads cause you're a bunch of creepers and don't want me to know who you are, lives in Florida you may not understand the way people in Florida drive. In Florida is it perfectly fine to drive in the fast lane (yes there IS a fast lane) and not only NOT do the speed limit (or 20 miles over like I do) and talk on your phone. It is okay to do that here and for some reason when people in FL talk on their cell and drive, their foot comes off of the gas and just kind of hovers there so they aren't really driving so much as gliding, slowly, in the fast lane, GET OUT OF THE WAY ASSHOLE!
We may laugh today but there is plenty of examples of small private estates which suffice with only gravel roads, where because they arnt through routes and have low traffic they manage. A good example is the Kent House Conservation Area in Bromley which manages despite the roads leading to a railway station.
This attack on Fox is serving, I believe, a dual purpose. Not only is BO truly interested in silencing Fox or at least in luring away moderate and independent viewers and in warning the fringe media against reporting any stories that Fox breaks (i.e. that show BO for what he is, that tips his hand before he's ready), but he is also tossing out another red herring for us to frenzy feed on, to distract us from the healthcare situation and the slick move he pulled to avoid making a decision about sending the troops that General McChrystal requested. Sadly, Fox is doing just that. I suppose it's understandable. What is not understandable is why no other media outlet has expressed any outrage at all. BO and his conspirators are lying about Fox, and they know it ("they" being the administration AND the other news outlets). "Real" news outlets investigate, they report on their findings in these things called "news stories." They don't dissect a comedy skit in between crooning orgasmically about the president on the one hand and demonizing half the country's population on the other. Perhaps this is a small, easily-missed detail, but I give the American people far more credit than BO ever has. We're not stupid, and we know what's going on with this "war on Fox."
While Android has its fair share of hit games, the iPhone has the clear advantage here.
My mind sometimes drifts. My To Do lists interfere.
I must have kept some gates during the years when my children were in my care. My kids, now 20 and 24 are pretty normal and well-balanced. Both have amazing senses of humour (my son is a stand-up comedian and my daughter is involved in comedy as well as being a film student). Both are kind and considerate. Both have strong moral and ethical convictions. Neither of them (as of this writing) have criminal records, or have displayed any type of anti-social behaviour (after the toddler years, that is...I'm sure some Early Learning Centre employees would beg to differ, eh Sean?)
Music has always had a major impact in my life. It has soothed me through my most trying times, and provided peace through the troubled waters. The Lord has softened my hearth through beautiful music.
I imagine how painful these marraiges or relationships of convenience must be, where both parties are clearly disconnected from one another, and probably relating to one another solely on what they can offer each other, or what their score card is, rather than from a place of true love, compatability, or spiritual growth.
frozen blueberries (1/4 cup)
So I had a “wild hair” and redecorated our kitchen as a retro diner theme. It still is a work in progress, but we got rid of our old table and bought a retro metal table with retro chairs. It looks really cool, but there is a problem. With our old table, we could push all of the chairs in and keep the dogs from jumping up on them and getting on the table. We can’t do that with this new table. The chairs are out just enough for them to squeeze the larger than normal carcasses on to and then up on the table. Well at least one of them does, the other one is a little large and struggles. Thank goodness.
Take all the basil and chop it up really finely. Peel the shallots and garlic and chop them up too.
A new campaign that is part of Christy Turlington’s foundation ‘Every Mother Counts’ asks mothers to go silent and subvert the commercialization of Mother’s Day.
Linby was almost hanging onto Tara's pigtails when she raced in with this beauty - also for the LIM challenge. Oh wow, don't the bright pinks work so well together and those little butterflies are adorable. There's a real knack of getting different shades of the same colour to work well together, and you sure cracked it Linby!
I think that’s the difference in our generation – we may not be struggling to make ends meet, and we may not be aiming to earn shitloads of money, so I guess that leaves us with some free time to try to make a difference in others’ lives. and social media makes it even easier for people like them to band together, to spread smiles beyond those they directly met, and to inspire others to do some good as well.
Thanx for your time and comments, ALWAYS!
With all-day-K in effect this year, the timing is perfect. There is time (It is time?) to focus on early numeracy. The number of Kindergarten teachers in Surrey has almost doubled this year, many of them teaching Kindergarten for the first time.
What can I say about myself really, haha! Well, I'm Lyndsey Meaghan and I'm from a small town called Barnesville, Georgia. I grew up there and moved to Thomaston, Georgia when I was 11, and I'm hoping to move to Atlanta somewhere down the road! My job is to book and set up photo shoots for events such as fashion shows, parties, events, meetings, etc. I graduated from Penn Foster High School and I'm now signing up to get my Associates Degree in Fashion Merchandising. My interests include reading, photography, fashion, thrifting, drawing, poetry, designing, painting... Basically anything that has to do with art. :)
Dress, tights, skirt: Noa Noa
Why the neglect?
Have I got that right? I think I do. So let’s deconstruct these premises and demonstrate why this ever-so popular argument is really just another lazy, uncritical, decontextualized, factually-deficient and hypocritical canard.
Sources said that a statement from the State Department will also be released pertaining to Ekneligoda.
11. Jugular
All in all, in almost every measurable, Jeremy LaGarde improved on the marks belonging to Chris Barnes, suggesting that even though ETBU did not have a better record than UTD, they might have had the better player. However, there is a general trend to name the best player on the best team as MVP or POY, but even so that leads us to…
This publication is the near-conclusion to an ongoing drama about whether it’s better to learn how to thwart a global flu epidemic or prevent potential bioterrorist attacks.
Taking out as many student loans as I have/did.
And from heaven, Christ also rules as the fulfillment of the Messianic promise of Ps. 110:1. Not only is no one else sovereign, but every nation and every individual that rebels against Christ merely serves as a footstool for Christ. He places His feet on them and they are in every way in subjection to Him.
This scenario is the one I am dealing with in this article. The question is how to get great performance out of the technology? Regular browser polling, when implemented naively, can become a troublesome scalability problem very easily, and one that will only show up in some serious load tests / network fail tests (you do these, right?). How to prevent this?
(You have 24 hours to claim your prize, or I will choose another winner.)
That rock, rock, rock, rock, rock and roll.
The onsite Cadbury World Experience is mostly aimed at children, a brief history here and an amusement arcade ride there but if you're wishing for an indepth tour of the factory, forget it. You're allowed to see a (very) brief part of the packaging process - which is a mechanical marvel of engineering - but the rest of the place is shrowded in mystery and taking pictures inside this glorious establishment is forbidden.
This is a risky approach, a radical embrace of trust, and, to quote Whitsitt again, it “scares the crud” out of most people. Churches are, generally speaking, like most other institutions, incredibly risk adverse. Yet religion – the spirituality at its core – takes risks in stride. Trust is part of the DNA of true spirituality. What if it became core to the way we do church, as well?
However, when I first downloaded it, it was very slow. I kept getting time out errors and the general response was poor. For this reason, EA pulled the app from the store so that only the players who had already downloaded the game could continue playing and have a better experience. This is a bold move, but probably the correct one as the game was nigh on un-playable. EA promised that this was temporary and that they would have the app back in the store soon.
The creature claims to know how to get to the pirate treasure! It leads us deep into the dark tunnels, our trip to In-N-Out Burger sadly forgotten; and all seems well until, to my horror, I realize that we are going to have go in the water again. With no alternative, I reluctantly paddle out to the pirate ship along with the others.
Y'all, I got super awe-fabu-wonder-credible news today! No, I didn't win an all-expense-paid 30-day vacation to the Caribbean on a pamper-the-hell-outta-me cruise that includes a scalpel-free full-body rejuvenation, complete with 50-year guarantee and an endless supply of Swedish massages with Sven the manscaped Viking, warm peanut butter crackies, and exotic, um, tingly sensation aromatherapy pleasuring oils. Oooooo, good guess though!
If Lee Seung Gi wishes to seriously pursue his career as an actor after boldly setting down variety, he needs to change. He shouldn’t just think he ‘failed because it was an unlikeable character’, but he needs to look over whether he can find any fault in his acting and how he should overcome his limits.
ME: Reading is the most fulfilling thing you can do. How can you possibly think it's boring?
I had been asked by one of my good friends to machine quilt a piece for her. This friend is primarily a hand quilter, although she will stitch in the ditch from time to time on a small wallhanging. She knows that I had been toying with the idea of quilting for others and as life has added a few years, as it tends to do, hand quilting just isn't as enjoyable for her as it used to be. Especially when the piece measures 92" x 81"... hey not small by my standards either :-).
Will the taste shoot you up to heaven? Hardly. It’s a good potato salad, but it’s not something you’d really swear by.
Together as a church body, we faced a challenge that we knew could only succeed with God at the helm. We closed our church and opened a bilingual, multicultural church that God is using to bless this community. Although we love this church, we feel like God is calling us somewhere else.
Marvin is a paraplegic. He lost the use of his legs in a motorcycle accident just a few blocks from his home. He has been volunteering as a diver at the Aquarium, where he helps to clean the tanks twice a month. He cannot do this alone. He is required to have two other divers in the tank with him while he is there. In this photo you can see the lift that was put in place to help him get his gear into the tank. You can see him operating it here.
The menu started with 12 amuses in a fast pace;
I love how she set the stage for that week. The minute that my kids walked in the door I knew that they wanted to be there. I wanted to be there too!
The first time I jumped into the water - it was October and freezing - so I wrote it off to nerves and the hypothermia effect of every muscle as my body locked up due to oxygen deprivation. That's what I kept telling myself even though every cell in my brain was screaming otherwise. So I was left to cast away the hours of practice, i.e. training, and inefficiently swim and breast stroke my way across the lake and back again. All the while my two friends were gracefully skimming across the water looking like Olympic athletes. Periodically one of them would turn back prompt me and encourage me on....on the outside I was laughing, which I tend to do in moments of hysteria, on the inside; however, there was a battle raging between sheer panic and nightmarish fear. I thought I would actually die before it was over.
Holy mindfuck Batman!!! This was one of the trippiest experiences I've ever had at the theater. I saw Avatar in IMAX 3D and it was the greatest visual experience I've had in my life. Grindhouse was the most fun I'd ever had in theaters AND it was a double feature. (I don't get stupid idiots that complained about the movie being long, it's two separate movies.. just fuckin leave!!!! Don't ruin it for the rest of us) Also, who can forget the special place I have in my heart for the 2009 remake of My Bloody Valentine. Before Avatar, it was my favorite 3D movie for the longest time and still trumps Avatar in the badass gore department. (This is the first RealD movie that I saw in theaters and was the first 3D movie I saw on my own. So I will always be fond of this movie because she was my first... taking my 3D virginity... well, basically more like raping my virgin eyes by forcing images into it.) But this was such a trippy experience, I feel like it was almost a dream!!!
A summary of sites included in the BEMR is located in Vol. 1, Fig. 3.1, pages 3.6-3.7, and is slightly different from the listing in Table 4.1. Figure 3.1 lists 150 sites including 3 main catagories: 1. individually reported sites: 107 including 5 sites with no contamination. 2. aggregated sites: 17, included in the cost estimates of other sites. 3. completed sites: 26.
Today's glorious rainy weather has put me in a baking mood, but the mood to make something I can enjoy as well as my family. After searching online for a gluten free pumpkin muffin recipe, I finally decided I'd just adjust my own tried-and-true recipe using gluten free flours I bought last week. I have no idea how the muffins turn out - they are still baking - but I'm praying they are good, or at least tolerable, because the recipe makes 2 dozen muffins!
Hugs to all!!
For centuries, Zoigl was brewed in brewhouses owned by the town or an association of homebrewers. The wort was then brought to the private cellars of the brewers, where it was lagered until done. Then the beer was tapped directly from the lagering tank and sold in the private rooms of the brewery, which were used as a pub.
I stood before the grave of William Losze, 1888-1952.
If the Packers were victorious,
The rear seats do fold in a 60/40 arrangement allowing for good load flexibility, bicycles and snowboards will have no problem fitting inside. With the seats up there is 484.2 liters of space in the hatch area, which should be more than enough room for day to day items, or runs to the grocery store.
I suddenly remembered my student days, when a man with a sheepish smile would occasionally be brought into Casualty with his Willy stuck in a milking machine. Well accidents happen, don't they?
SWAT members, guns drawn, later swarmed Zinkhan's tidy middle-class suburb about seven miles from the campus and searched his two-story colonial house. They also searched his office at the university, which had issued a campus-wide alert immediately following the shooting as a precaution.
Running Teams can avail of the following promos. Register 5 participants and you get to register 1 more runner for free. A team of 9 members registering for the event can register 3 more runners for free.
Monday night I walked into the meeting. I'd run into (almost literally) one of the guys from the track on my way in. And we walked into a room full of men in black coats. I don't remember actually seeing a woman in the room at that point. Later I looked around and saw a few other women. By the time the called us up to sign up for our numbers I knew there were at least 8 other women in the room. I ended up with number 8 and a woman behind me in line was waiting for number 10. In total 38 women ran the race.
After all, one plans on having this animal for it's lifetime and build a great bond and possibly achieve great heights in sport, or just have a safe family horse that anyone can safely ride or drive. Why should training take 30 days...or 3 months? It is a process that lasts a lifetime. The horse deserves a good foundation.
I have a new niece, and see my nephew growing up (and my little brother growing into his role as Dad). One member of my animal family is getting older, while the other still revels in his youth. And my partner is strong at my side, blessing me with his presence every day.
Category: How-To
I spotted the column in a tweet from the redoubtable DadLabs. I replied: “I was once asked to leave a playground by a grandmother. I wonder how many guys have had that experience?” DadLabs tweeted back: “Most? Or faced playdate discrimination of one kind or another? #dadsnotpervs.”
West Virginia … watch Charleston to Clarksburg WV.
Anyway things seem to be getting back to normal around here, I only wish the day had more hours to grab the camera, upload, share, blog, craft, love, laugh and capture more glimpses of our little bugs as they grow ever bigger changing every second...maybe tomorrow. Maybe.
Preheat the oven to 350°F. Using a steamer basket, steam the tempeh for 25 minutes to soften it. Then let it cool. In a food processor, combine the walnuts, nutritional yeast, parsley, oregano, basil, thyme, garlic, onion, Worcestershire, tomato paste, tamari, water, and oil, and process until you have a semi-moist meal.
1. When in doubt, keep writing anyway.
Matthew 6:7-15
a bit of an identity crisis..
Remember, if you can’t pronounce it, your body won’t know what to do with it!
Further, it must be noted that both Cipla and Natco have challenged the validity of Bayer's patent in a separate proceeding before the Delhi High Court (and the IPAB). If this challenge is successful, then the compulsory license by Natco becomes infructuous. All generics are then free to manufacture this drug without paying any royalty to Bayer.
Publisher: Simon Pulse
remembering to be merciful
Inside his cavernous study, their father was sitting behind his mahogany desk. The messy stacks of books all around him made him seem oddly dwarfed, even powerless.
One would think all of this terribly inappropriate for a boy, and yet it was this last part of Carla - her political consciousness and NOT the sex education material - that offended the other employees. And it was her suggestion that I come to a "rally" for something I barely understood called the ERA or Equal Rights Amendment that would prove to be most problematic for many around me. This thing called the ERA seemed most important for her. She said that children should come as much as women, and that the more men stood up for it it would be seen as having support and as being for families. I began to be a zealot for the ERA and my first act at school was to try to tell my peers and teachers about it and I would call out criticism of it, such as the line that it would make men and women the same and have to share the same toilets, as slander aimed at preventing women from having what was rightfully theirs. My parents got so many notes telling them that I was not to take a strong political stand on controversial issues because I disrupted the school.
A servant came and chopped the tree into little pieces. These heaped together quite high. The wood blazed beautifully under the big copper kettle, and the fir tree moaned so deeply that each groan sounded like a muffled shot. That's why the children who were playing near-by ran to make a circle around the flames, staring into the fire and crying, "Pif! Paf!" But as each groans burst from it, the tree thought of a bright summer day in the woods, or a starlit winter night. It thought of Christmas Eve and thought of Humpty-Dumpty, which was the only story it ever heard and knew how to tell. And so the tree was burned completely away.
Kill yourself if you think this color analogy is appropriate. You have failed as a translator if you do shit like this and try to justify your stupidity. It is simply pants-on-head retarded. The word “rose-colored” means something in English, and it is most commonly associated with the idiom “rose-colored glasses.” Thus, 99.9% of English speakers (not just hurrdurr Americans) will misinterpret the line.
My Dad used to quote this-I don't know if my great aunt Hallie invented it or if it is an old poem from another source. Anyway the birdies is here! Every morning is a chorus of different birds as they migrate and move in and out of the area.
The 30-year-old NBC’s Fashion Star mentor wore a long sleeve minty turquoise, animal-print tiger striped Proenza Schouler Spring 2012 pullover sweater teamed with black Ksubi ‘Spray on Jeans’ skinny jeans and black belt. The chic street style was accessorized with pieces from her own label House of Harlow 1960 - black signature ‘Carman’ oversized sunglasses, earrings, multiple gold cocktail rings, white chain-accented ‘Riley’ shoulder bag and burnt orange ‘Callan’ suede platform pumps.
The double standards are stunning, imagine how many movies would have been made if a group of white psychos had murdered up to 87* black people in the 1970's, yet the Zebra killers are mentioned only in a few true crime books (*the confirmed figure is 16, but many believe that the Zebras killed as many as 71 other white victims). Similarly, a movie about the Carr Brothers would have been a box office smash, if only they had been white, but, of course, they don't count as they raped, tortured and murdered their four white victims all in the one night. (yet I doubt that is why the movie was never made)
"Brisket is a cut of meat from the breast or lower chest of beef or veal. The beef brisket is one of the eight beef primal cuts. The brisket muscles include the superficial and deep pectorals. As cattle do not have collar bones, these muscles support about 60% of the body weight of standing/moving cattle. This requires a significant amount of connective tissue, so the resulting meat must be cooked correctly to tenderize the connective tissue."
I’m a big advocate of surveying a scene, anticipating the light and conditions, and finding compositions before the conditions occur. But the moral here is to not become so locked in to a plan that you fail to seize unexpected opportunities. In hindsight I realize I should have anticipated this light too–I had a clear view of the sun’s path to western horizon, but I was so giddy with excitement about the color that was “sure” to materialize that I almost missed this other opportunity.
4 cloves garlic, chopped
What you may need to bring or what venue might lack:
I think I'll take my Mom a can of TAB next time I go to her house. I don't think she has a clue that TAB is available in stores these days, so I can't wait to see the look on her face when she see's it.
Thanks a bunch!
he left home
5. position caleb
STEVE EDWARDS (Breaking Into the Backcountry)
a. Perverse
Sweet Thames, run softly, for I speak not loud or long.
You've boarded up every door
The slightest hitch as the Gate met the orientation of its twin let her fix the whole arrangement in place, and for a second the world bent to her imagination, the cell and the building above it rotating in place through seventy or eighty degrees. Dimly, Pevan heard Dagdan's queasy gulp. Stresses wound up by the outright violation of physics gushed to ground themselves down the path of least resistance; the tunnel cut through Realmspace by the fading Gateway.
Even that rate may be low, said Shawn Armbrust, the executive director of the Mid-Atlantic Innocence Project. Ms. Armbrust said investigators in Virginia were able to get results in only 22 of the 31 tests, suggesting a false conviction rate of 9 percent.
I finished putting up the Christmas decorations last night and found myself a little sad. My kids are grown now and no amount of ornaments or angels or twinkling lights can bring back those many joyful years of “making Christmas” for the children. But of all the things we did for them throughout the Advent season— the baking, the caroling, the viewing of insane displays of lights, the skating, the snow trips, the gathering of gifts for the homeless, the parties, the Advent calendars, the screenings of A Christmas Story, and later, Love, Actually— none was likely as important as the reminder that Kahlil Gibran gives us each day in his book The Prophet. Knowing this, believing this, is the greatest gift we’ve given Graham and Remy. May those of you with young children consider the wisdom found here….
My tears went underground, but my mother stayed, and I will wait patiently and in gratitude until those tears would like to come forth.
She sent some necklaces that are made from beach glass. With the kind of charms on them that just fit me.
Somewhere inside, you have been growing yourself, to be ready for this stage. Perhaps we fight it, perhaps we've been crying for it, but it comes anyways.
I mean, I don’t want to end up like this guy
The light has seared the surface
It’s a big restaurant, it has two floors of seating (I borrowed the above picture from the internet). The first floor windows completely open for a terrace like feel, great for summer nights. Most of the customers that night were Japanese tourists, I’m not sure if it was an anomaly or it’s famous in Japan. But I find Japanese tourist to be so polite, quiet, and cute. They want to try all the different foods but they are also timid because their palette is much different. For example, they can’t handle spicy foods and seeing their faces when they drink a shot of soju is priceless!
They wheeled in a metal crib, a little smaller than the one we have at home. The bathroom seemed large enough until we attempted to shove the crib inside. There was no way. We happen to have a child who is extremely picky about his sleeping circumstances and sleeping in the same vicinity as us just was out of the question. In typical fashion, I demanded Hank make it work. After much yelling/laughing and slamming, the crib fit inside by lifting it on top of the toilet, closing the door (with you still inside the bathroom), standing on top of the sink, opening the door the max 4 inches, lifting the crib back down from the toilet, and magically squeezing through the tiny door crack all while still standing on top of the sink.
for a fun day out after the prayer service. I went and got
Our turnaround came up fairly quick and not too long after I saw the leader going back. There were several friends from my church that were running. One of our preachers was about a half minute in front of me at this point, so we saw each other on the turn around. There was a lot of uphill going back, but I kept my pace pretty well. On a side note, this was my first race to use my Android phone instead of my Garmin. It worked well, but with it in my back pocket, I don’t really know what my pace is. In the future, I should probably stick with my Garmin for races since it lets me see the pace and control it better.
"Tennessee whisky...is a straight Bourbon whisky produced in the State of Tennessee and manufactured in the United States as Tennessee whisky in accordance with the laws of the United States applicable in respect of Tennessee whisky for consumption in the United States."
Four girls, who cannot be named for legal reasons, were allegedly given alcohol and drugs, and forced to have sex with some of the men.
Like the weather, golf is heating up. And today, we’re discussing some of the hottest golf stories on the internet! What’s your favorite golf related story from the past week?
Last night, I worked on the first pattern repeat of the Bellevue Cardigan. I'm using Knit One Crochet Too, merino/silk fingering in teal. Once I get past the pattern stitches and into the stockinette, I can add that to the bus knitting rotation.
Gillian McMurray
The water is still and turquoise, darkening with the fading light. No children frolic here at evening as Archorid begins to rouse, watching, waiting, fixed with jaws now closed. Arilla lays the child beneath the killing tree. This is now his sacred place where his spirit can be free to swing and sway. This is where his life began, this is where it will continue. This is where they'll share their souls since all things are connected.
Hi Loves,
Is it the money they have? The charities they sponsor? The projects they orchestrate, fund and see through to its completion? Is it their values and morals about the world around us and how they interact in the world together? Or do we, their fans make them power couples just by being their fans? I’m wondering if maybe we assign ‘power’ where there really isn’t any. Like I said, I won’t name names, but one couple comes to my mind and when I heard the news they were separating, I felt true remorse for them and how they let their ‘power’ come between them. I’ve thought about this issue quite a bit, mostly because William and I both are always working, striving, planning, or orchestrating something both separately and together. We have jobs outside the home, we have our own home businesses, we have home projects, we our always looking for ways to not only improve our life together as a couple, but we truly want to improve the world in general. While we’re not millionaires yet, does our heart felt desires for improvement in all areas (financial, ethical, moral, spiritual) make us a power couple?
Sentret is Johto’s early starting Normal (rodent-based) Pokemon, much like Rattata, Zigzagoon, Bidoof and Patrat. The wallpaper was slightly challenging to balance because Sentret is so vertical (standing on its tail and all). Sentret kind of looks like a cross between Azumaril and Ursaring, haha.
Add an oz of rum or brandy to the topping and it would be yummm.
Should you still be an urban rat, like most of us, one can only assume you must be deeply fooked, if not skimp and clueless. Assuming you have a paying job, you can't hope in hell to receive any financial rewards, never mind hold a bank account and use a debit or credit card. Perhaps you've developed the finer art of bartering. Perhaps you're happy to receive indigenous corn, meat and veggies as your reward, provided a few of your black supremacist brothers raised the herds and cultivated the crops free of any agrochemicals and veterinary services.
He still reflects on his rare insight into the Nazi leadership, and he recognizes that the experience had shifted his perceptions of the enemy. It allowed him to see the human side of those he had only known as caricatures.
Labour now stands with Fine Gael and Fianna Fail in supporting household and water charges – despite expensive media ads opposing them before the elections. Labour should be reminded of this cynical betrayal. Labour politicians who say they oppose the tax, but remain in a party pushing it through, can only be seen as opportunist. While Sinn Fein has said it opposes the household tax, it has unfortunately ruled out putting its resources behind supporting non-payment, which is the only way this rip-off can be defeated. This will no doubt disappoint many Sinn Fein voters.
From now on, when a gay-hater says he has gay friends, or a racist says he has black friends, or whatever, reporters should be legally required to say "name one. Because if that claim can not be verified, we will assume that you're lying."
Happy culling!
Keep checkin' in.
MasterChef gave us the night off on Monday the 4th so that we could all properly burn hot dogs to a crisp on the grill, blow our fingers off with fireworks, and drive drunk. I don’t advocate any of those things, especially not the latter, but statistics don’t lie. Hopefully though, all of you are reading this with all your limbs where they are supposed to be, as I am.
-4 cloves garlic, diced
Glassware: Pint glass
Do not allow the common perception of meetings to impede your desire to improve the professionalism. Until such times as you run meetings you will not be able to affect the overall effectiveness but you can practice all of the attributes that you will need in the future. If you arrive at meetings with this mindset not only will you be able to practice in a very safe environment these attributes but such enthusiasm and professionalism will certainly be noticed by more senior members of your company. Be positive in meetings and use them for your own growth and I promise you even the worst run meeting that you attend will be a success for you.
The Final Verdict: It won't make converts out of those who don't like science fiction, but it's an interesting futuristic tale that warrants a good look! Three and a half out of five stars.
This kind of change isn’t that easy, especially as many of our destructive habits have their roots deep in our psychology. Spending, eating, and substance addictions are often just responses to deeper emotional issues – stress, pain, loneliness, unhappiness, and perceived powerlessness. It’s when we face up to these and look for deeper and more healthy ways of fulfilling them that the need for these other things can just drop away.
You got an empty cup
He has forbidden his Governors to pass Laws of immediate and pressing importance, unless suspended in their operation till his Assent should be obtained; and when so suspended, he has utterly neglected to attend to them.
Taking this approach, the first view seems quite attractive. Pakistan’s immediate concerns are numerous: armed conflict along the Western border, another military operation imminent, massive displacement, rising poverty levels and continued political instability and insurgencies.
I would like to see that all change...if for no other reason, than to have our parents believe that all that THEY did and sacrificed to make our lives better...were not in vain. I think that's reason enough.
Free State Brinkley's Maibock
Honestly I just don't care
4. Divide the mixture between muffin cases and bake for 15-20 minutes. Cool on a wire rack.
The Santa Cruz Half-Marathon must be a picturesque course on good days. It starts by the Beach Boardwalk, heads out along the Pacific Coastline, traversing along roads and trails on high cliffs above the ocean. But these great vantage points also leave you exposed when a storm rolls in from the ocean. So when a late spring storm crept across the Santa Cruz coastline the same morning as the race, gusty winds and rain was thrown into the half-marathon mix.
FOR REVIEW
Wouldn't have it any other way...
It's a pity really; the addition of a miscellaneous group of sometimes questionable reliability or loyalty, largely reliant on the PCs for their very survival, can add an interesting social element to running a party. It actually makes Charisma useful, instead of becoming the inevitable dump-stat. And if, as we were, the players are basically decent types who played basically decent types, the very vulnerability of the hirelings to a ridiculously dangerous environment can provide the DM with a host of side-quest ideas.
Dad's stare-down with cancer is causing him to scrutinize all the years spent in pursuit of transient prizes. But I never think, "If only my old man hadn't spent so much time running, maybe we could've done (fill in the blank)." No, I think instead of mornings spent on the road... and promise to give memories like those to my own kids.
His beautiful chariot, beneath a lion-flag and yoked to brilliantly black horses set out from the city along with soldiers, horsemen, elephanteers and charioteers.
See what part of your intuition has been reliable in the past and what has been misleading, and then try to make shifts and adjustments.
By Jonna Petry
Thank you for all your beautiful entries in our Monochromatic challenge last week! The DT really loved looking at all the wonderful ways your showed off your style using a monochrome color palette.
The Chosen Masters have decreed that there are too many of us (Prince
Anastasia Forever - Joy Preble (signed!)
I have to say, it's come a long way! I love the space now. And apart from adding a skylight and installing wood flooring it is DONE! When I told people what I did, the majority told me I was nuts for ripping out thousands of dollars in upper cabinets. Well I am nuts, so niener niener.
They had some Homebrewed beer at the Whitehouse for the Superbowl made with some of the First Lady's honey (from bees). I'm thinking so what? Did they have wings as well?
Hubby: YOU don't take time for leisure activities.
UPDATE: The best ecology quotes seem to be those that insult ecology–and some of them are from ecologists! A commenter quotes Elton, writing in his famous Animal Ecology book, defining ecology as “The science which says what everyone knows in language that no one understands.” And this compilation of ecology quotes includes evolutionary biologist E. B. Ford’s remark, “It seems to me that ecology describes what animals do, when they are doing nothing interesting.”
The minimum age eligibility for each race is as below:
Weight Management
This photo, which is on the wall next to my Mac,
** I don't have to imagine. He gets it from both parents. Neither A. nor I is the laid back type. Sorry, Cubby.
Leather wrap Bracelet:: Hardware:: etsy (review soon)
Just months before she left us, even as the Alzheimer’s was robbing her mind she shared her love of Jesus with a sweet little old lady friend, who came to know the Lord – a divine appointment. The very next day that little old lady silently slipped away to meet in person the One Sara introduced her to just the day before.
I have had the Zumba videos for about a year now but I know that you can find some videos online as well. Here is just a snippet of what fun Zumba can be! Enjoy!
The decision follows a complaint by a Department of Transport official that the use of her tweets by newspapers constituted an invasion of privacy...
This evening, the Small Bear and the Large Bear had a conversation. The subject matter is irrelevant, but it was about the purchase of smart work shirts for the Large Bear. The Large Bear does not do "smart" or, at least, he didn't think he did.
At his home in upstate New York Jimi Hendrix passes away from complications due to liver cancer. He is surrounded by his family and close friends. Bob Dylan calls it, “the saddest day in music history.” Keith Richards declares Hendrix, “the greatest mother fucker to ever lay his hands on the guitar.” Carlos Santana gives the eulogy at his funeral. After the service there is a performance that includes: BB King, Buddy Guy, Carlos Santana, Robert Cray, Paul McCartney, Stevie Winwood, Dave Grohl, John Paul Jones, Jeff Beck, Eric Clapton, Jack Bruce, John Mayer, Jack White, Kirk Hammett, Derek Trucks, Warren Haynes, and Neil Young. The group plays a 25-minute version of “Little Wing.”
Then there’s the economy…Dooks has promised blue skies at every turn, yet the economy is in a recession….0 per cent growth in the last 3 years is nothing to scoff or sniff at!
If your aim is to create original art pieces, you could not ask for a more powerful tool with an easier interface. Keep all your finished products in your gallery, save to the Camera Roll, or share your masterpieces on Facebook.
The truth is very simple: it is harder to get into the sorority that is Vogue UK than it is to run for President. It's not just because I'm American: this is a very tight group and they only hire their 'kind': an intern will be the boss's friend's daughter.. and it is so not a meritocracy...
counting.
Before and after playing, Sumbody took time to mingle with the crowd/fans and that is something we hardly ever see when attending events of big shot artists. During a chat with the guy himself, he mentioned that “In this business, never be BIG HEADED, after all you can never be larger than your supporters, they are the reason you are who you are!!!!!!”
As a matter of fact, the only one who really brings any sense of "over-the-top" acting to this piece is the secondary villain - Bob 'Bull' Hurley, played by Rick Zumwalt, who was himself a professional arm wrestler...
Your Score: 6
Me: Thanks guys.
Also entitled, After the Flag Has Been Folded with the slightly altered subtitle: A Daughter Remembers the Father She Lost to War–and the Mother Who Held Her Family Together, Hero Mama is a hard hitting, yet every day kind of memoir by Karen Spears Zacharias, who unflinchingly tells her story and the story of her family in the aftermath of her father’s tragic death serving in the military in Vietnam.
AF: There were many inspirations while writing The Hunt, but I feel particularly indebted to Edward Hopper, a painter who once stated that he had a “propensity for solitude.” His work Morning Sun was a painting I returned to time and again, especially during dry spells in my writing. Something about the stark loneliness of the woman on the bed despite (or because of) the sunlight captured the solitude and isolation with which I wanted to fill the pages of this book. I feel indebted to this painting for the way it spoke of loneliness in a manner that was both nuanced and powerful. Hopefully, this layered kind of loneliness came through in the protagonist Gene of The Hunt.
I am at the point where I can admit I have a problem, but well beyond the point of helping myself. I have no idea where I fall in the intervention scale, but I’m pretty sure I need one. Especially because of what happened this weekend.
After a while, there still was no sign of her. No glow just below the mountain horizon. I know this place very well and found myself becoming impatient with waiting. I know where to expect her, so where was she?
I'm not saying that walking away from the edits will make it easy to deal with them when you come back. It won't, necessarily. When we worked on Shadows on the Moon my editor had a problem with the way a certain plot thread was resolved. She felt that it was unsatisfying for the reader, and in the back of my head I agreed with her. But unfortunately I was completely stumped as to how to weave that thread back in without tangling up for or five others that were vital to the end of the story. And what was more, leaving that part of the plot like that had been in my original plans, from when I very first started the story, and my stubborn back-brain was convinced that it should work like that, dammit.
Oil- 1 /2 tbsp
So, the wort is cooled to 24°C from the rolling boil within the hour - actually more like 40 mins.
And yet, despite Ms. Truth making her speech in 1851, it appears that not all that much had changed by the time Ms. Angelou was writing - or at least, living - her book. Rather than Tom, Maya ends up marrying a guy named Vus - a South African freedom fighter - whose definition of freedom seems to apply only to males. When other Africans visited their home, Vus would insist that Guy (Maya's son) sit in on the discussions of violence and non-violence, the role of religion, and, ironically, the place and strength of women in the struggle, presumably because, even though a child, he was male. Maya, on the other hand, an activist in her own right, was "too busy with household chores to take part" (p. 141).
“Not him,” the May king said gruffly, his white cotton shirt hung forward allowing me an uncomfortable view of his well-muscled chest. My heart thumped oddly in my chest and I averted my eyes quickly.
Now, aren't you sorry that you don't have one? I thought so! And I know that they have to work, because Nikola Tesla said they would! Or he said something about electromagnetic energy once! And I know he was a really really smart guy!
Bare thorns.
Each month I set a minimum goal of TM panels to be completed to help build up my stock for the bags and whatnot that I'll be selling...have yet to get started but it's a nice way to fill in time when I have nothing to do.
He came back a moment later and said “What is our e:mail address?”
There is no suggestion that MI5 were involved directly in the torture of Binyam Mohamed. Complicity is the issue. The Independent notes:“The mistreatment took part in Pakistan while the Ethiopian-born Mr Mohamed was in custody of US authorities. It is unclear whether this was done by Americans or by agents of the ISI, the Pakistani secret police, which has itself been accused of helping to organise attacks by Islamist terrorist groups in a number of countries in pursuit of its own shadowy agenda.There are no claims that MI5 took part in the abuse. But one of its agents, “Witness B” in court proceedings, “probably” knew of it in documents he read before flying out to interrogate Mr Mohamed.”
My fellow New Yorkers remember his last years fondly — he was very prominent on the local scene, with his Italian restaurant Grandpa’s in the Village (customers were thrilled to see him there all the time, sitting at a table smoking his omnipresent cigar), his WBAI radio show and his candidacy for Governor of New York on the Green Party Ticket. When he passed away in 2006, he was not 95 as everyone thought, but 82.
1 prey
Now, here’ s a quick blurb and excerpt to whet your appetite :
Before we headed “across the pond,” Leah suggested we look into catching a glimpse of the Quiet Man Bridge. This small bridge served as a prop for John Wayne in one of the early scenes of the movie, The Quiet Man, in which Maureen O’Hara co-starred. I am not a person that generally holds movie stars in any special regard, but I have to admit that John Wayne has always been my favorite. And The Quiet Man is a fun show that our family has watched a number of times. So with seeing the bridge in mind, we scheduled a night at a Bed & Breakfast in Oughterard, only a short distance away from the bridge.
After Revelation of Jesus Christ 22:21 I have great doubt they knew that they were doing.
All of the planets have one thing in common, though—a white tree.
The Law of Attraction (LOA) – What is it? How does it work? Does it even work? This topic has been written about through and through so I plan on giving you a “little extra”. It’s all good and well to be told something works and exists, and although you don’t need to know these particulars as far as LOA is concerned it is very interesting to learn about, as for some, having a mechanical knowledge of something helps people make better use of something than they would otherwise make.
And then has blown them away
With Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week in New York launching today {yipee! schedule here}, I thought this the perfect time to write about one of my favorite designers. It's already been chatted up in shelter magazines, national newspapers and blogland. But in case you haven't heard, in July Lee Jofa announced its first licensed collection of home fabrics from fashion legend, Oscar de la Renta. The fabric collection includes 25 designs in silk, linen, velvet and cotton which range from delicate floral embroidery to ethnic-inspired prints. The fabrics feature the fine tailoring and opulent detail that is the Oscar de la Renta signature.
As an adult, especially a parent there is a very special and fine line between ego and the greater good. In all actuality those things are miles apart but human nature presides in times of trial.
It comes as no surprise that the Obama Administration put out a Statement of Administration Policy saying that President Obama’s senior advisors would recommend that he veto H.R. 5326 (FY2013 Commerce, Justice, Science Appropriations bill)...
In 2003, a cartoon miniseries entitled Star Wars: Clone Wars was released, to much fanfare and admiration. The art and animation direction was handled deftly by Samurai Jack animator Genndy Tartakovsky, and the story takes place strictly during the Clone Wars, detailing much of the battles that were omitted from the movies.
Various witness accounts say a group of between 50 and 100 people moved down Valencia St. smashing windows, throwing paint balls, and even attacking an unsuspecting police station. The cops were apparently not prepared to make mass arrests and were slow to respond to the chaos, though it quickly broke up. The blog, Mission Local, has a good round up of the scene from last night.
Well he’d never been to church before
It was the party of the year. The tasteful kitchen remodel complete. The living room decked out in antiques from their trip to Greece. The guest list like the who's who of NY Housewives. And a 24 karat, golden encrusted, porcelain cake platter topped with a three-tier beauty baked from box mix and frosted with Betty Crocker.
I’m a mentalist.
It may be the way they look, the way they move, the way they smile. It could be the sound of their voice, the scent of their cologne... and, inexplicably... the way they make you feel.
Dusty, we sure did have a lot of fun didn’t we?:+)
fully wired and poseable arms
First off, how on EARTH did you notice something like that? Man, I better make sure I never have spinach in my teeth when I post a picture of myself! And yes, I have a tattoo of a fish on my ankle. It seemed like a good idea when I was 18 and knew everything.
But I really have an axe to grind with the Muslims and their pushing of Sharia law and other such crap on us. I'll consider Sharia law when the raghead imams and mullahs start dining on Bacon, Lettuce and Tomato sandwiches before each prayer service.
Ethical business practices should promote periodic reviews but it appears that the only reviews have been of the annual reports. Why have we not had an on-going agency study or review for the last 25 years or so? Could it be that we are so taken in by the all encompassing custodial nature of total government that we have lost the ability to think and act on matters that concern our most vital possession, our health?
Because we see things through Andy's eyes, the reader first encounters Vietnam as "the other" and "strange". Here is Andy, observing a street scene: "a skinny woman squatting over a charcoal fire or a few sticks of burning wood -- right there on the roadside, amid all the dust and refuse and traffic fumes. Andy was shocked. Where where the health inspectors?" Andy's thinking is very much that of an eleven year old, especially an eleven year old experiencing culture shock. Andy's attitude softens as he learns more about the cultural and economic differences between Vietnam and Australia. His attitude and reaction is balanced by occasionally seeing things through the eyes of his cousin, Minh. Andy may start by seeing Vietnam as "the other," but as the story progresses he matures past that, just like the reader will.
The second area of courage that I believe is lacking among some Black men involves the ability to think differently about women. As I suggested above, not being about to think differently about women has led many of us to think that women can be viewed as sexual objects, instead of objects of our genuine affection. The thinking behind the development of this opinion can be located, I think, in the conversations that many men have with their uncles and fellow young men. Personally, I do not know many, or any fathers that give their sons this kind of advice. This possibility is due in large part to the absence of fathers in the lives of young Black boys and men. I believe that the perpetual paucity of Black fathers in the lives of young Black boys creates a void in the hearts of young Black men about the proper way to think about and see the beauty of a woman. Hence, the ability of many men to do the third, and final component of courage: acting differently.
the fire of that love that I implored
The airlock door makes a sound like a party balloon being set free when I hit the button marked UNLOCK that’s set into the wall panel next to door.
LÄPPLE: In general the reception was critical. There were no objections on the content of the dogma, but on the reasonableness of going as far as dogmatization. Söhngen stressed that in the Christian sources of the early centuries there was no trace of the doctrine of the bodily Assumption of the Mother of Jesus. Schmaus was also summoned by Rome and by the archbishop because of a critical article he published in the diocesan newspaper
Engineer Steve Albini (Scott Weiland, Iggy & the Stooges) inflicts his legendary learned alchemy, and pushes these recordings masterfully. The recordings were done in a fresh new studio called Oxygen Studios. Just the name of the studio makes me want to get myself a tank full Oxygen Gas, mix in some nitrates and explore the realities of FULL OF, under the blanket of the Canadian nite sky. Now go ahead and melt the mind in the dark halls of Eagles, Tigers and Lions. I think I hear a sound - KASH FULL OF....(you fill in the blank!)
I intend to listen to the universe
The ocean every where you look. The mountains surrounding your every
One midwife boldly put it; “It takes two to be pregnant and so men as much as women need to be involved should we ever expect maternal mortality rates to reduce in Uganda.”
Blossom (13) told me last night that she has been in fits of giggles at school trying to understand what her friends are saying. 'Random' was a catch-all word for just about everything, good, bad or ugly in Sydney; while in Perth her friends put 'Hell' in front of anything to mean the same thing:
she does know that she loves us.
I am not God "Fearing" in the manner as the artist depicts above.
The hubs and I hosted a small Derby Party. A few days before the party I bought the book, Bite by Bite, by Peter Callahan. I was so inspired by the beautiful photos and brilliant ideas of Peter, I came up with a little something for the party.
Little Cowpoke and I went painting!! We have this awesome place here that teaches you how to paint a picture!!! Here is Little Cowpoke painting his guitar picture!! The final product!! He did such a great job!! And here is the entire class!! We had a kids painting party! They all had really cool guitars!I then did a girls night out with my Ponkeno group. We got to invite other friends too!! So I invited these two crazy girls! No, Jen isn't trying to strangle herself, and no Laura isn't sleeping!!! I know horrid picture, right? There are their beautiful paintings!!! Here is mine! I am so hot!! whuahahahaha!!! Here is a close up of my painting! And here is all three of ours! I love how different they all came out!!! And our class for the night! It was so much fun!!! I want to go back, but I can't decide which painting I want to do next!! Plus, I gotta find a place to but the two I already have!! But that is about it! That's all that I have been doing!!
The triple repetition of “just like we have” made me very uncomfortable. Rucks was deliberately undermining his previous words – if they’re just “beasts” then why are you saying they’re so much like us? – and it made me really consider who’s the real villain here. Just who will really be better off once the Bastion is complete? Is Rucks’ smooth, grandfatherly voice actually steering us to our doom? Those were just some of the questions I began to ask myself, but I’m going to leave it there for fear of spoiling the rest of the game.
Hello, there! I'm back from my Michigan trip and had a wonderful time (even though the event was sad, it was not unexpected). Sometime this week, I'll give you some of the inside story of what I was up to, either as a blog post, or on my FB page. Don't forget to "Like" me if you don't, already.
Millions of voters decided they preferred to be travelling along the growth road rather than continue to experience the bumpy ride along the austerity track that has cost them jobs, money and resulted in misery for many.
L’Engle’s A Wrinkle in Time: To be honest, I can’t recall when I first read this extremely pivotal book, but, since I’ve read it probably twenty times since, it scarcely matters. This book is amazing in every possible way. I recommend it to all – young and old. My senior high school English teacher told me that she read it first when she was thirty years old, and she read it again each year afterwards, and found something new in it each time. I couldn’t agree more.
Rachel's dad stood up dutifully and went over to counter. "What do you want me to do?"
“I wanted to see if he was really psychic. You see if he was psychic he wouldn’t have come when I called.”
At this point in my dating life, when it usually comes to an end, I don’t see it. I hate the finality of ending a “future” with a potential partner. I build this whole fantasy around him and it’s difficult to let it go. In (many) moments of insanity, I try to convince myself that I will eventually have my dream of the monogamous relationship, the one where I will have the opportunity to say “I love you” while we look into each other’s eyes.
to make batter.
I have read the books, so I understood some references that were not fully explained (the costumes of the capitol & the three finger salute), but I went with my housemate Zoe, who had not read the books and she understood the movie without any problems. In short – we loved it!
- Shotgun: Range 12”, S3, AP-, Assault 2
How do you explain what you do? Not everyone will understand the language you use to describe your business. You probably talk to like-minded people most of the time but there will always be people who either don’t want to understand or who are unfamiliar with eco focussed business. Think about changing the language you use to target the person you are talking to if you want to engage with them.
Derek Clark was clearly so ashamed of himself he ran away, not even having the common courtesy to thank those who had attended for him and was too dishonourable to even pay the expenses of those he had lied to and about or the witnesses he had caused to come - the man is a social worm and without honour, integrity or ethics.
You can have anything that you desire- magic- you know darn well when you cast your spell- you hypnotise with your eyes
Here's the images that I omitted from my past blog posts for obvious reasons, the first one due to the foreground overhead cables of a light rail system and the second due to the narrow road and high elevation of the building.
Have they all gone barking mad?
* And many more...
“I don’t know dear, why don’t you ask, I’ll forgive the indecorous question and only show mild surprise at a lady using such language and I’ll do my best to answer”
What is the most difficult part of the whole writing process?
Some of my regular followers may remember that back in February I was a guest designer for the month over at Dude Time Doodles. I loved being a guest there and I really enjoyed the challenge of creating male themed cards. Well, I got an email a few days ago from the lovely Tammy asking me if I would like to join the team as a full time Dudette. I was certainly flattered and delighted that they wanted me to join the team and I immediately accepted.
Such an irreal scene demonstrates that the women of the Buendía family are more in touch with reality, undyingly supporting the men as they pursue their harebrained schemes. The stoicism of women in the face of male inertia is summed up by Pilar Ternera’s thoughts: “She had become tired of waiting for the man who would stay, of the men who left, of the countless men who missed the road to her house …”
These triple cotton bias skirts are what I'll be wearing in lieu of jeans, they are my casual wear.
A 100 watt incandescent produces about 17 lumens per watt. It’s like the traditional first car – something old, cheap and typically dies after a few years. Compact fluorescents produce over 60 lumens per watt and last up to 10 times longer than incandescents, making them more like the Hondas of lighting: more expensive up front, but with higher mileage and meant to last with the proper use. LEDs (light emitting diodes) produce a whopping 75 lumens per watt and can last up to 70 times longer than an incandescent, but they’re more like a concept car right now: pretty on paper, but with some significant real world issues and ridiculously expensive to boot.
Though logic knows that this will NEVER end. That there will always be the presence of this most torturous grief.
Indochine is quite a long movie about two and a half hours long but worth watching if you feel like a very heavy drama based around romance and a historical basis.
Making someone into an idol or the constant center of attention can bring undue pressure on people and make them vulnerable to negative behavior. Over the years, I have seen many kids turn to substance use because they didn’t make the all-star team or came in second in a competition or couldn’t maintain a 4.0 GPA after transitioning to college. It’s important for kids to achieve balance in their lives. They should be the best they can be, and not put pressure on themselves to surpass their latest accomplishment. Encourage them to work to please only themselves.
and sweating hands,
But aside from that,what tipped the scales was the French resentment of Germany's dominance of the EU and German Chancellor Angela Merkel's insistence on fiscal austerity as a remedy for the eurozone's out of control debt and crumbling social welfare economies.
We decided to go out to lunch, and try somewhere new. We stop at somewhere close, and it turned out to be a little place that was from Spain. We thought it was Mexican at first, but nope, Spanish! And it was SO cute and SO good! Never had Spanish food before! I loved it!
The aim of the game is to spend Good points to put Bad points on your opponent. You agree a starting amount, the book suggests 20 to start with and an average game of around 40 but you could go all the way up to 150 but that is silly. Especially as you need to cause that amount of Bad to your opponent to win.
For the player pool, I am removing all players who played less than 40% of available minutes and took less than 20% of available shots during those minutes, resulting in a group of 41 players on the men’s side and 49 players for the women. I am doing this to restrict the group of “scorers” to only those who played significant minutes and were expected to score during those minutes. To generate a player’s scoring rating (SCR), I took a player’s percentage above or below the group average for all three statistics (a Shot% of 26.3%, a TS% of 0.528, and a TO% of 15.6% for the men; 25.6%, 0.486, and 18.1% for the women) and averaged them out. In this way, I think I have a fairly accurate read on who the best scorers were during this past season.
* When I first entered therapy in 1991 at the age of 21, I had NO IDEA I might have DID. I knew there were problems. I was in an abusive relationship and desperately wanting out. But I really didn’t think there were problems beyond that.
The Board also rejected Masimo's feeble argument that "resposable" may have been a misspelling.
This view is supported by academics and terror analysts. "We will be excellent at reaction, but counter-intelligence is their Achilles' heal, because there are too many political appointees," says former naval officer and senior researcher at the SA Institute for International Affairs Frank van Rooyen.
- Little Roast Beef
Finally, on Monday we will have a visit from the fabulous author/illustrator Lisa Thiesing! Because I know people in high places (that would be me) I have already read her interview, and I can assure you it is really good!!! So I hope you'll all flock over here first thing Monday morning and show her some much-deserved love! :)
Since I was on a kick for the regency romance novels lately I decided to go for one modern day romance. Talk Me Down was the book. The moment I started I wanted to finish to see how it would end and who this stalker was. But Victoria Dahl leaves the reader wanting more and gives a twist that was not seen coming, a good misdirection.
Nothing to see. It's like the whole
In the 1960s the discovery of photomontage by Heartfield and the Soviet Constructivists enabled Peter Kennard to find his voice as a politically committed socialist artist. Photomontages such as his poster showing a cruise missile breaking against the CND logo are well known on the left.
1) Bring butter to room temperature.
I used an old shoe box, recycled felt and wadding and a piece of calico that I have had hanging around for ages..
The seat rotates a full 360° for endless interaction with the activity stations. Twin overhead toy arms provide even more entertainment options. And the three different height positions make this one saucer your baby won't soon outgrow. Four link loops mean still more toys can be attached. Part of the Sunnyside Safari™ Collection, this saucer will quickly become a family favorite. Start the fun with Bright Starts!™
Alcohol doesn't solve any problems, but if you think again, neither does Milk.
And there were plenty of laws at the time restricting automobile use in ways to ensure that those whom still depended on the horse were not adversely impacted. Speed limits in cities, for one example, which were enacted not to spare the feelings of the horse, but to ensure safe travel in an environment where automobiles and horses were in close contact.
your steady gaze
Almond Aguila, University of Alberta. Skype and the Global Filipino Family
1/4 cup apricot preserves
So for now, my blog story ends with what is probably a period. The Vane family is back under one roof, LV is happily-ish ensconced in a new school where she is not being secretly taught about Jesus. Instead she is mixing up other traditions and came home a few weeks ago announcing that on Eid, a person gets to stay home and eat apples and honey all day. She is planning a vampire faerie costume for Halloween. I am reading wikipedia articles on chemotherapy (seriously) and visualizing clumps of hair on my beautiful wood floors in an attempt to psych myself up for the Next Great Smoking Cessation, to begin when the weather gets genuinely cold. I am comfortably in the midterm mode of my teaching performance and my students seem so far to respond in the ways I expect them to; they like me, for the most part. Mr. V and I are remembering how to share parenting during the weekdays; the inevitable quibbling that results is nothing in comparison to the luxury of having someone else to pack lunch and do end of day pick up. The CAT has settled on her favorite sun spots on the back porch and the front porch. She never kills songbirds, despite all that you readers gave me to look forward to. I miss football this season, but I can't root for Ben. I made amazing manicotti last weekend. And sweet potato pie with vanilla whipped cream. And the bakery down the street sells amazing baguettes.
revenge on those who have wronged her.
We have often talked about Jesus words in Mark 2:22 where he says: ” And no one pours new wine into old wineskins. If he does, the wine will burst the skins, and both the wine and the wineskins will be ruined. No, he pours new wine into new wineskins.”
11.Understand
The vote was 68-23, with all but one Republican for it.
Mother Gladys came from Toronto Zoo while her father Elmer moved from Mulhouse Zoo in France.
List of Tables 3
And since I can't leave well enough alone, I used iron-on hem tape to apply two strips of grosgrain ribbon down the the two sides that meet in the middle. It seriously took 30 minutes.
wafts through the room
What does this mean? Is there no world without Torah, without “Service of G-D”, and without merciful benevolence?
Dogs seem to be treated quite kindly, by the way. You know it's a poor area if the dogs look thin, usually they're quite well nourished.
1. Was the IBO correct in concluding that the MTA land sale was below market? Well, it was below the appraisal.
Over 3,000 people died and tens of thousands were scarred, physically and mentally, by a war that was undoubtedly one of the longest and most violent, if not the most violent in Irish history.
Whilst we welcome the new funding from the MRC, the areas highlighted for research are not specific enough. How can we ensure that the money is going to go to the right people?
RR—In my book I acknowledge my indebtedness to Mr. Keel and his research and his writings actually helped me understand a lot about what was going on out in the Big Thicket because I grew up hearing all these stories about this stuff, and then I began to really that the sequence…. Well, you know you have the UFOs or unidentified strange lights, aerial lights—the ghost lights, the black panthers and wild men—these are elements of paranormal phenomena, all of which occurred in that place.
Bottom 3: Hollie, DeAndre, I DON’T KNOW WHO ELSE
Wilensky only speaks of wealthy democracies, but it’s exceedingly clear that conflating economic and social policy has been a key aspect of developing nations under authoritarian governments. Mainland China under Deng Xiaoping and successors, Taiwan under Chiang Kai-shek, South Korea under Park Chung-hee, Indonesia under Suharto, all these nations centered their efforts around rigidly focused economic policies. Not only has the idea been that sustained economic development ensures the legitimacy of the dominant regime, but also that it provides the raw capital and infrastructure to raise the living standards of the people.
You are twice more likely to be killed on New Zealand roads than in Germany
Hi, hello. Nice to be back. You mean writing-wise, or just generally in the life? Writing-wise, it's been all about short stories for the last few years. But I see I'll be talking about that below. Erm, what else... I did a lot of readings for Even The Dogs. I was shortlisted - twice - for the BBC National Short Story Award, and came
5. Bembo’s Zoo: I have a real soft spot for this website. It inspired one of my first blog posts and is truly beautiful. You would need to be creative to find lots of ways to include it in your teaching (although animal and alphabet focused sessions are a given) but it’s worth exploring. Even if it is just for fun.
Thanks for stopping by! I hope you enjoyed my project!
The Florida Keys hold more than elusive key limes. South Florida boasts a laid-back atmosphere that often comes within close vicinity to the beach. Tourists stream in for swimming, snorkeling, fishing and every water sport imaginable.
A Gatorade bottle
Again: I am more afraid of what will happen here in “the home front”, then the damage the missiles will cause. When I ask myself, what is the one thing that encourages and motivates me? That in this situation, that we as a movement knew, not to abandon our courage, our chanichim, and our cities, to give a real response, which is concrete, which in the way of the youth movement, in our codes.
Reflecting light upon the table as
The ultimate question, which cannot yet be answered, is whether a devoutly secular society can muster the spiritual resources to fight a religious war. Secular culture is, after all, spiritually enervated, and our tolerant society has allowed a popular culture to emerge which is unprecedented (at least since the late Roman Empire) in its decadence, degradation, and materialism. When Osama bin Laden points his finger at this cesspool, he touches a responsive chord in those of us who are opposed to him and yet recognize that something is indeed wrong.
In other news, we should have a new challenge coming pretty soon. Stick around, it’ll be a dooooooozy.
Well, not much else is going on at the moment, I’m thinking I’ll post another update video soon, so be sure you’re tuned into http://www.YouTube.com/EbenloPainterofsong if you want to check it out.
Hold your stem up to the vase to determine which leaves fall below the water line and to help you determine the length of the stem. Cut your stem at an angle. This allows more surface area for stem-drinking, and it keeps the majority of the stem end off of the bottom of the vase, where it would not be able to suck that water.
“UCLA beating USC, human sacrifice, dogs and cats living together – mass hysteria!”
Andra doesn’t seem too harsh on Elspeth, but commands her to was the dishes (and there are a lot) and then scour the pots, and because she angered Ariel, she will be worked hard, Ariel doesn’t forget about petty anger. But it is such hard work, and Lila torments Elspeth whenever Andra’s back is turned, that I don’t know how long she can take it before she snaps and tries to torture Lila (various methods have run through her mind, by midday, so it is a possibility). It will be interesting to see how long she will be forced to do this work, before doing something ‘easier’, or is this her job forever?
Drinks: Party-Berry Punch
This cutie is Cherry Lucy, she's sitting on the Spring Bench from on older release, and the cherries hanging from the corner of the image have been made with the new CC Cutter Cherry Die, coloured with Copics. The sentiment is from the Berry Logos set.
The New York Post said the three women will give explicit details about alleged encounters with Woods.
At 10:53 they showed up.
Bring a large pan of water to the boil. Peel the wrapper from the can of milk and add it (unopened) to the boiling water. Reduce heat slightly to a slow boil. Boil for 2 1/2 hours. Topping up with water when necessary.
So, anyway, diversionary-blog over, it's time for me to go and write. I have my machete, my compass, and a flask of water. I should be okay. See you on the other side.
Surgeons digressions.
I painted them, added some wood glue to the edges and gently tapped them into place with a hammer. Then it was just a matter of touching up the paint and waiting for them to dry. As I said before, they're not a perfect match, but I don't think they stand out either.
9 am - 5 pm
To my surprise and to one other guy who prepared his glider at the same time as me, my skills did not rust and I was faster then my “competitor” in setting up and getting my glider up in the air. Only drawback was that I lost a lot of body mass in the last year, including much needed muscles !
Things to be cherished like the thought of heaven?
And could her nationality give her an exotic edge in the dating game over Britain’s home-grown lovelies?
PEANUT SALAD DRESSING
Just make sure your personal interests don’t overshadow professional accomplishments. Being “the guy who ran a marathon” is fine, but being “the guy who is always training and traveling to marathons so we can never reach him when we need him” is not.
"Terrier" cut from Create a Critter with shift and Layer 3 selected
Good morning and Welcome to a new 7 kids College Fund Challenge!
It won’t help you, would just hurt you instead
Also the TYE, The young entrepreneurs program, with TIE that is designed and executed by IWSB has successfully completed its second year. We are in talks to offering this to the college going youth too across the country where we will technology to a great extent.
Inventive Step
but i’ve learned that you are cheating yourself and others if you aren’t being simply straightforward and honest. honesty is the best policy, right? it’s just not fair to you or the people you serve. so, i swallowed my pride and laid myself out there, admitting where i was and that i simply didn’t have the strength to continue.
It is raining heavily outside. I have closed the doors through which the dry leaves were trying to intrude into my privacy. It appeared as if they were finding a place to hide until rain stops. I picked the leaves and threw them to where they came from before shutting the door against them. The electricity department behaved as cowards, fearing the lighting and rain, and stopping the function of fan and tube lights. Sitting in the room writing this post and having no supply of cool air forced me to open the doors. I had accepted the risk of allowing the leaves into my home that was clean since the morning. This made me think,not torestrict the flow of ideas and to let them flow.
While I’ve had my horn stuck into the copyedit of my author’s new series (wrestling with queries such as whether “sword” should have a capital letter if it is a magic sword, and dodgy spellings of the Celtic name Arianrhod), it turns out she has been moonlighting on another blog!
under the rubble and they are from
“Are you even listening to me?” she asked, her voice rising an octave. That was bad. Clio had been born missing that part of the brain that secreted the chemicals that allowed one to feel ashamed when arguing in public. She would, if not headed off, continue to raise her voice until I meekly complied.
Anyhow that is my bitch for the day. I am off to my yoga class to try and calm down.
So there he was, the fucking auto-rickshaw driver, holding up another hundred rupee note and a convoluted face accusing me of screwing up for a second time.
Me: You only need to wear sneakers if its a gym day, do you know if it's a gym day?
7. Colton – Cyndi Lauper – “Time After Time”
BREW your espresso or strong coffee. If brewing strong coffee, use double the amount of grounds you would in your regular coffee.
I’m not sure what exactly is causing this feeling. Maybe it’s Sarkozy’s slow-motion swift kick in the ass. Maybe it’s Ron Paul winning a new state every other day now, despite the LSM ignoring the tidal wave of Republican chairpersons and committees and delegates being caused by Paulian true believers.
Because food is such an issue for me, I decided to look up the menu on the web the night before … thinking if there would possibly be anything I could order. In the end, D and I shared a burger and fries because that was what was popular at our end of the table. I had two bites of his burger and about four fries and it sat well with me. My thoughts now are that I can probably eat most anything as long as the portions are very very small. I even had one bite of cake to help celebrate the occasion. And everything came out ok … in the end … this morning.
It’s about time I did the whole preface to the Books in the Mail post, so here goes….
“I need to get to the Sherim. I may not have much time. Sir.”
Anyway, it was definitely serendipity that reunited us three or four years ago when Honey and I were involved in a gentle head-on collision with each other.. There's more detail about that on the website too, but aside from the high improbability of the crash itself happening, the strangest thing was that we were both listening to Wire's 154 at the moment of impact. It would have been even spookier had we been listening to the same track, but I happened to be listening to 'A Mutual Friend' and Honey was listening to 'Two People In A Room', both songs somehow appropriate. Obviously it was a sign to reconnect, particularly as it happened on the A303 right by Stonehenge.
That’s the power of cheese. Sometimes when I eat a cheese it prompts a memory. Music does this for me too. I’ll hear a song and it will remind me of a place I visited, or a person I was with. Maybe that’s weird, but that’s me. None-the-less the Blue Haze cheese had me thinking about canoeing, camping and Algonquin Park.
So go forth a curse like a sailor my friends, your boss will thank you for it!*
The seared tataki, served Japanese style with onions in a ponzu sauce, was also good in a different way. The sear obviously gave it more flavor and bite, but you also appreciated the flavor of the wagyu a bit less. I honestly don’t know which I prefer, but I do know I now want to try their steak tartare as well.
The kingdom’s religious police enforce Saudi Arabia’s strict interpretation of Islam, which prohibits unrelated men and women from mingling. Women and men in Saudi Arabia remain highly segregated and are restricted in how they are allowed to mix in public. The separation of men and women is not absolute. Women in Saudi Arabia hold high-level teaching positions in universities and work as engineers, doctors, nurses and a range of other posts.
Cast on 450 stitches (pick the size needles that work for the yarn you are using) on a circular needle
“Heyla, shield-maiden,” he began in a voice as rich and smooth as rare Drenieval whiskey. The underlying lethal heat in his voice could rob the unwary of their senses. “I have not seen you here afore.” He held out a hand. “My name is Cianan.”
so come on and let’s wash each other with tears of joy and tears of grief
Elly
~ I don't particularly care which celebrity was spotted drinking a particular brand of vodka on some red carpet somewhere...but it's nice of all those liquor brand reps to email me about it anyway.
After my shock at having successfully baked bread waned down enough for me to function again, I made 2 spreads so we could make bruschetta: a tangy tomato and kalamata olive relish and a spicy chimichurri. They were both so delicious, Tom and I almost ate the whole loaf!
Brother and sister duo Nicole and Jonathan Broussard sing backing vocals.
Oh the things we remember, years and years after they happen. One little nudge to the mind and they all come back in leaps and bounds. I like remembering things that have mostly been forgotten. I like trips down memory lane, especially when my mind chooses to remember the good parts and lets the bad bits lie where they sleep.
Proverbs 10:2
and between intense glances
Interesting fact: the INTJ woman is the rarest of all personality types! No wonder I feel like I can’t relate to anyone sometimes.
3 wants
Teaching… informs the mind… Was Jesus teaching people “how to believe?”… Was He using the Old Testament Scriptures?… Was he building up their faith because they had been through a lot of discouragement? The word “teaching” means… teaching precepts… imparting knowledge… conditioning the mind… to instruct… to bring about a frame of mine. Jesus was teaching the gospel of the Kingdom.
This is a very simple everyday dish that I grew up with, it is a hearty chicken and vegetable stew with an Asian accent. It is also extremely simple to make and the best thing is even the most picky child would go for a second serving. I have added some snow peas in the last minute to freshen up the stew and also to add a little splash of colour to an otherwise fairly dull looking dish.
She turned to move something. I shifted in and she was started by my sudden appearance. But she shrugged, clearly too drunk or drugged up to care about what I just did. She started to undress.
And knowing God's love is unfailing,
China, please investigate and re-educate the lower tier cities and rural areas especially. This is a chilling sort of news easily dismissed as rumour or covered up as a form of anti-China propaganda. There are many families happy to adopt children around the world, please streamline the social protections and social services in China if this is true. Young lives destroyed in this manner will only harm China’s reputation.
And a board of all of the places I've already been to.
Encouragement: Feldman urged Cameron to run for the Tory leadership as the dark horse candidate when Michael Howard announced that he was handing on the baton in 2005
Most every horse owner fancies themselves as being a horse trainer and unless they are wanting to do something specialized, most feel there can't be too much to training. Just watching a few shows of the horse fare on TV will make some feel they can go out there and do it themselves. It really doesn't work that way. Modern folk, unless they can devote all day every day working with many different horses, don't have the time, experience or judgement to make a decision as to how to proceed with a horse or even know when a horse has learned and can move on to the next step.
Lucy Coats: I found the results of the Olympians poll fascinating, and it’s set me thinking about why I like or dislike certain gods and goddesses. Zeus and Hera are bottom of the poll with 1 vote each—and yet they are King and Queen of the gods. Perhaps it’s that aura of untouchable all-powerfulness which people find offputting. Why vote for someone who has it all anyway? And yet, as you said youirself, Mary, they are necessary underpinnings for the whole canon of Greek myth.
to drown them out
Later today I meet some people (so will try and get some sleep in) then tonight I'm flying to Chicago which is like almost all the way back across the continent. Oh joy.
3. There's a limit to how many revisions I'll do particularly if you aren't getting better.
~ Wrap all six in sexy dresses and tasty heels.
You have been wondering what in the world were we referring to by John. Yes, he’s our Head Chef at BRC Cafe but as part of the Burger Joint menu, there is now the Roti John (not related to Chef John in any way except his style).
2. Pankaj Udhas: Kaisa Ye Karam
Only the Occasional.
This increase in cotton acres is something most states expect this spring according to the USDA, estimating that only Kansas, Louisiana and Arkansas will see drops.
Before we go any further, a little explanation: I imagine it's like this at a lot of jobs, but when I started working at a comic book store three years ago, my good friends Chad--my boss at the time--and Scott were constantly dropping little bits of knowledge on me that aren't that widely known to the general public. Stories about creators and how certain comics came to be, hidden treasures of the back issues, stuff like that.
Patientia (Arctic Brewing). Oak-aged sour beer showcasing distinct notes of caramelized pineapple produced by Brettanomyces. Brewer, John Dunfee.
Nursing her wrath to keep it warm.
Directed by: Christopher Barry
When he was five months old, Simba nearly died after eating slug pellets in the garden. A few months later, he went terribly lame. Despite his pedigree certificate, low hip score and none of his brothers or sisters having it, after expensive investigations, we found he was riddled with arthritis - hip dysplasia, both hips and elbow dysplasia, both elbows.
with head rested on satin covered shoulder
5. List all the around the house jobs you need done. Everyone thinks ambition is sexy! While holding one another after sex, simply list all the chores that need to get done around the house and at work. This is a major turn on for most people.
**But he loves me so much too. He constantly tells us that he loves us and is the kissing-est little thing. He and Lance are truly best friends right now but he will not admit to that in front of me. He says, "We're all best friends. We're a familwy."
In 1998, our last year, we were in a shared house. I was on a strict diet of homebrew, Translucent Flashbacks, Ladies and Gentlemen we are Floating in Space and the Bunnymen’s Evergreen. In retrospect, I feel sorry for all the people that lived with me.
And nobody in the store really questions why I’m there. They know I’ll talk when I’m ready.
As if it had been lifted into the air
These filmmakers have all created throwbacks with varying degrees of charm. For every film like Grindhouse, Tarantino’s and Rodriguez’s joyful ode to trash cinema. There’s a film like Adam Green’s Hatchet, which despite it’s tagline “Old School American Horror” featured nothing particularly old school, American, or horrific. It played less like an 80’s slasher movie and more like a frenzied description of one that Adam Green heard on the schoolyard the day after a friend snuck a look at HBO. One that presumably went a little something like, "Boobsngorengorenboobnmostersngorenboobsnboobs” Alas even such a rich feast as this can grow tiresome when repeated ad nausem for 90 minutes. All too many of the throwback films feel like being expected to eat a 9 course meal composed entirely of sugar breakfast cereals. (In all fairness to Green he has made some effective films outside of the throwback school. And Hatchet 2 displayed considerably better command of its own joke.)
Yes, the following are mandatory:
Add a bit of ghee and fry pepper for a minute or two, until it starts to crackle. Keep aside.
Initiate Pack ($15):
ONE of our featured books in our current language and literacy unit “Exploration: Real and Imagined” is “My Librarian is a Camel.” This book is a great look at global society and helps to break down local assumptions with kids about what things are – libraries arrive all over the world via camel, boat, bike, bus, elephant, and even by foot!
One week ago, my company had a sizeable layoff. The news was announced (per Federal law) that morning, and those of us on the later shifts were left waiting, to see if we would still have jobs or not.
The Packers safety play was sub-par after Collins was lost to injury and McMillian, MD Jennings and Anthony Levine will compete with Charlie Peprah for 3 spots. McMillian could be the starter but that depends on how quickly he picks up the defense. I spoke to a AFC West scout Sunday morning who said that McMillian was on his teams radar and they loved his football IQ, game speed and instincts.
Time to draw some conclusions.
The next package is the Paperback & Hardback package at £2995. The increase of almost £1000 is simply outrageous for an additional hardback edition, when outside of a revised dusk jacket cover; the set-up file and additional ISBN is essentially the same.
I have included a link for you here
Judge Edward L. Hogshire recently denied motions to dismiss the charges against the defendants — Michael J. Tocci, Marcela T. Liguria, John Francis Valosky, Bonnie E. Baird, John E. Curry IV and Turner Barringer.
*to substitute 1 egg, mix 1 Tbsp of flax seed meal with 3 Tbsp of water in a small bowl and let sit for 1-2 minutes.
Hair is a big deal.
RSVP: Alan Hayes, Publisher, ARLEN HOUSE at phone 086 8207617
6/3– 6/4
I think my whole point here(and I did say that it was a ramble) is that for me personally, list-building is often about how much I have in the game, and not necessarily about how many über models I can fit in there. That’s not to say that I don’t use competitive units, but I also won’t handicap myself deliberately by taking sub-par units. It’s different for each person. I don’t take too much time when I make lists – again, limited selection – and I include stuff that I like seeing on the tabletop. A few fun games last year came down to a Devastator with Rage tokens from eButcher trying to pull off a caster kill(didn’t work). It’s stuff like that that I really enjoy.
»Scene 7: Shays’ apartment«
This sounded weird at first insight. Chinese emperors had absolute political in their hands. Why do they have to share their power, then?
I wasn’t sure that I wanted to buy Bloodshot. I tried to read one of Cherie Priest‘s steampunk books — Boneshaker — a while back but only managed to get about halfway before losing interest. I’ll likely try it again at some point; it’s a well written story but it just couldn’t hold my attention at the time. In any case, though, it made me hesitant to invest in Bloodshot. In the end, though, I did order it and I’m very glad that I did since Bloodshot is a lot of fun, due in no small part to Raylene’s charm.
I’m back! It’s been a week and I’ve been busy and had a bit of writers block. I don’t want to blog for the sake of blogging. I’d rather write when I feel inspired.
The recent Council of Australian Governments’ commitment and the commitment by education ministers to advance this work is welcome. It needs to be undertaken in full view of the public, Catholic and independent school interests and with their participation.
Eat a balanced diet – i.e. the whole animal! Skin, bone and organs have a different amino acid profile to muscle tissue. Ensure you obtain sufficient glycine by simply eating more parts of the animals you choose to eat already. As a starter, search online and you’ll find suppliers of bone marrow, or you local butcher will be able to provide you with marrow bones. Look for organ meats when shopping and make your own pates. A couple of good books to inspire this holistic approach to food:
The second necklace I made turned out to be like a color canvas. I wasn't sure what the finished project was going to look like when I started... I just laid all my purples on a cookie sheet and put it together one bead at a time. The glass cabochon featuring the butterfly was created by my good friend Sandy Spivey with Glass Art Cabochons. I used black goldstone, amethyst beads, purple magnesite (from Happy Mango Beads) and a funky vintage cabochon. Using primarily Miyuki 15/0 seed beads I brought in all different shades and finishes of purple to make this monochromatic masterpiece pop!
Grinder Oil (Coolant) Supply
significant about their lives. They really didn’t contribute to their society;
In a big bowl, mix together the flour, fruit, salt and spices. Beat the egg into the milk/butter/zest/yeast, then pour all the liquid ingredients into the dry. Knead it together with your hands or a dough hook until smooth, elastic and silky, adding extra milk/water if it seems a bit too dry (I did at i first start with 75ml milk)). Cover the bowl in clingfilm and leave to rise – either overnight in the fridge, or out in a warm kitchen for an hour to an hour and a half to double in size.
As parents we are doing the best we can!
That phrase reminded me of the line in the big book that says we "trudge the road of happy destiny." Not skip, not leap, not run. We trudge. Some days are happy, skippy, jumpy, and some days are a slow slog.
Title of Manuscript: Grim Reaper's Novice
But then the sermon bumper starts, and its a song by Gungor that I’ve never heard before and the lyrics are on the screen:
download it from Stanford here:
Hard Assets Investor: At Inside Commodities last December in New York City, you presented a line chart that compared gold prices to U.S. federal debt and showed the parallel trajectory lines of both. With debt increasing every day, your charts say gold will keep increasing, right?
The amazing thing was, she kept staring at me and smiling.
19% of regular Internet users between the ages of 10 and 17 reported being involved in online aggression; 15% had been aggressors, and 7% had been targets; 3% were both aggressors and targets (Ybarra & Mitchell, 2004);
1 trunkful
Alchemy is a word that keeps popping up recently for me and I’m seeing that this truly is a time for some magickal and creative alchemy. I always see a pattern with recurring themes that cycle around. This is definitely a time for empowered living and becoming masterful at transmutation, more than ever, and that means “taking back our power” along with responsible compassion, wise discernment, aligning/surrounding yourself with the highest-vibe, resonating elements in and around you, and activating a little creative alchemy by learning how to shift and integrate things so we can turn what we have into “gold.”
-If you put a little lotion in the palm of Gaines’ hand, he’ll freak out.
It had been expensive, fitting the two-way mirrors, but there was no avoiding it. The museum was losing money, he had been told. People were no longer interested in ‘artefacts’. But there was – how should we put this – a market for another kind of exhibition.
A former first runner-up to Mrs. United States, Tosca received her B.A. from Smith College in Massachusetts. She also studied at Oxford University. For more info visit Tosca's website at www.toscalee.com.
either. It
Asian Capitalism
There, of all places, love. There, of all things, love. There, of all people, love.
but I've got to tell you, I was there, and it wasn't pretty!
Although some of the physics that he draws on to back up his arguments was well beyond me he is good at trying to flesh out his ideas in laymans terms.
C has a plan to fool the animals
me: that's right!! its jesus' birthday! do you know why i think jesus' birthday is so important to celebrate?
In any case, on this Wednesday, I pledge to get.it.together ahead of my race Saturday.
Here is a step by step guide to enjoying a Ramune, a surprisingly difficult process for those unfamiliar with the product
.jackknifed rig
— Use the armored vehicles that are at your disposal.
Again, these are the results we strive for and want at the end of it all. Complete happiness, bliss and joy and a fabulous launch into the road of being Mr. & Mrs. Everitt!
Hop over to Jean's blog ( Bear Hugs and Inky Paws) and see who she cased. It could be you and don't forget to check out her Blog Candy !!!
As we begin the new year (Writer Beware's fourteenth!), here's a look back at some of Writer Beware's most notable posts and warnings from 2011.
11:50 - the waiter brings you the check... but not the machine for the card.
Neighbourhood Networks has been helping people integrate into their community for over 10 years. They have set up activities including a new Drama project which hopes to begin in the Spring.
SO WHY DO THEY HATE US? Sex, or more precisely hymens, explains much.
Easter is a time to CELEBRATE the resurrection of Jesus! This year with my children at church, I have tried to help them create reminders about the true meaning of Easter. While the eggs and candy are fun, Jesus is the real reason we celebrate! Yet who can avoid all the candy of the holiday? The result is telling the Easter story using the colors of jelly beans.
Charles S. Falkenberg, 45, University Park, Md.
Which I'm actually not supposed to eat.
Realism is a good homonym for the concept I was trying to convey but “Morealism” just didn’t read write or sound good. to me. So I replaced the second ”m” with a ”t” and that was it. Here’s my definition:
I'm still in mild shock that Rick Riordan is guesting here - a little bit like having one of the gods reach down from Olympus!
I went along yesterday to talk and to do a photography shoot with some of the main models that will be Involved in the Fashion Show.
It was one of my wiser and more joy-filled parenting moments.
Ok, I'm going to bed. Next up, Machu Picchu.
His tummy turns into a night light that automatically turns off after three minutes of inactivity. Rub the tummy to see him light up and giggle, press his paw to talk, and the other paw is a night light!
Jen and Monica
Riteish Deshmukh and Genelia D’Souza, who tied the knot early this month, are busy promoting their latest film “Tere Naal Love Ho Gaya” and they are not complaining as it allows them to spend a lot of time together.
Red is also color of LOVE. Sensual , stimulating color of passion and seduction.
Nick speaks with Ariel who gives him a private showing of her ta-tas. She and Nick flirt but no real information was given regarding Father-Dragon. Nick follows her home and enters the backyard when he sees flames. He’s tackled, kissed and has his shirt ripped by Ariel. She even answers Juliette’s call to get rid of Nick. I have to admit, that’s a great tactic to get rid of unwanted detectives – make overt sexual advances until it makes the man uncomfortable.
A one-day advance tasting package cost $15 and includes admission for one day, a tasting mug, 7 tasting tickets, and express entry. A two-day advance tasting package costs $25 and includes admission both days, a tasting mug, 14 tasting tickets, and express entry. Tickets at the door cost the same, but include only 5 tasting tickets for one day, 10 tasting tickets for both days, and no express entry. A full mug of beer costs 4 tickets, a taster costs 1 ticket. Additional tasting tickets may be purchased at $1 apiece. Minors are welcome on Saturday only until 3PM. Tickets are available atwww.oregongardenbrewfest.blogspot.com.
The cracker chips are crunchy and thin like a potato chip but tastes a little powdery like a cracker. Since its supposedly healthy, there’s not much salt on it and I like my stuff super salty so it didn’t win me over in the taste category. It made me feel like a really thin flattened out version of a Quaker Oaks rice cake. I swear to God that’s what it tastes like. I don’t like that dry feeling. It kept on making me wanna drink water. Lol. I would have to say taste and texture wise, it’s a FAIL.
At my heaviest, I remember always feeling trapped...stuck...like I was going to be that way forever.
It really wasn't until I got quite a bit older that I fully understood how much antipathy some people had for the DH and how National League fans were pretty certain that their league was the only one playing "pure" baseball. Funny: As a kid I had always thought National League baseball was kind of boring. I mean, you give me a choice to watch Rico Carty wind his bat and glare down a pitcher or watch Buzz Capra bunt … that was no contest for me.
6. Its a good, healthy way to vent. Granted, you shouldn't focus on that person you don't like, or that vendor that screwed you over forever, but it is good (and healthy!) to get things off your chest. It is like your own little support group! Also, when posting about vendors, you can warn people if they are bad, and sing their praises if they are good.
Your challenge, should you choose to accept it, is to write either the opening or closing lines of a story. Start us off with a bang or leave us begging for more. As usual, any genre will do and the word count limit is 100.
1) Attention all units...OFFICER DOWN
2010.08.20 Pakistan Sanghar 1 0 A leader of the peaceful Ahmadi sect is shot in the head by orthodox Sunni.
Although I'm not the most patient of people, I think I am reasonable and try and see things through others' point of view even if I do fail at times.
“Saki” feat. L.I.F.E Long . Long & Akrobatik
My goals:
TYROKEDTEDES 15
I made this card today for a few different challenges. I'm now 2 weeks post-op, and it isn't easy sitting at my craft table while trying to elevate my foot. So, a card that should have taken about 20 minutes ended up taking me most of the afternoon. I will be so glad once I'm "back to normal" and the circulation issues resolve themself. At least I got it finished.
We lean upon this graveyard stone,
london: harvill secker 2012
As you walk along the muddy path, surrounded by towering trees all smothered with their hanging gardens of bromeliads and ferns, an insistent buzzy screech begins to build up around you. The noise increases, building up to a wall of sound that completely engulfs you as it reaches its nearly deafening crescendo. The sound vibrates every cell of your body until, suddenly, all the cicadas stop their screaming and the jungle returns to its relative peace. Now the only humming that you can hear is the softer, more peaceful hum of a humming bird as it whizzes right past your ear and up into the canopy. In the cloud forest, the mist gently caresses your skin, clinging to your hair and eyelashes, slowly permeating your clothing to cool your skin. In the lowland rainforests, the moisture comes from within, as sweat oozes through all of your pores, drenching your clothing, which clings and sticks uncomfortably to your body. Water is the life giving force of these forests. At times the rain thunders down on the canopy, crashing through the leaves and down to the forest floor. Once the rain has finished, the dripping has just begun, as the water makes it way, drip by drip from a million leaves, percolating its way through all the layers of the jungle until it reaches the leaf litter below. The jungle is never quiet.
Oh, what the heck, I’m going to walk the dog. Maybe the elven folks will figure out what to do while I am gone. And did I mention I also need to rearrange it? And get the AC in the window? And… I’m going to go walk the dog now.
I have purged my wardrobe (and my possessions)
Oh blimey, another man and his piano and his earnest plaintiveness. Miles is wearing far too tight a shirt and far too shaggy a blonde haircut for a man of his balledic standing. As is his trademark it changes pace between the verses and chorus, it being unfortunate that both speeds are pedestrian.
When I came home what I expected to see was dinner made and the groceries all put away. I thought I’d see the bags of bagels in the bread box or at the very least on the counter looking something like this:
Even if I say so myself I was quite pleased with this - what is it I hear you ask?
A CONTROVERSIAL developer has been awarded almost $12million to build affordable senior housing in the Rockaways.
If you live in this area you really should check it out...it has EVERYTHING and ANYTHING I promise you!
Spicy Sweet Potato Fries with an Avocado Aioli
Austin Aries, the new X-Division champion is on TV, he says this isn’t called the X-Division Title now, it’s the A-Double Division, and next week, call your friends because he is defending the title for the first time.
The serpent, symbolic of Life, seen in the snaking of equinox sunset light down the pyramid of Chichen Itza, is common to many archaic worlds: medical science’s caduceus, Hermes the messenger to the gods, and the Garden of Eden would not be the same without him.
Forget for a moment all the guff you get sent about social media, brand-building and SEO, and concentrate on something worthwhile and meaningful at the end of your long week.
Nomination 1: @SimonJohnson
Craftilicious x
I didn't take pictures of the process (bad blogger I know) but I can walk you through it. We picked up these white picture frames from Ross. The letters came from Michaels Craft Store, you can also get the from JoAnns or Hobby Lobby. We had to go to 5 Michaels stores to get all the letters, make sure you have all the letters before you start as some might be hard to find.
Let me explain since I know there must be some confusion.
Swish is a soldier though. He's still the same crazy big brother as always. He gets to come to work with me and Mom more often now. We hang out in our patio and play.
Prize money came in three ways: 2000 for winning the tournament, 200 for each girl scoring a goal in the first or last 7 minutes of a game, and 10 shillings for each story they wrote (GlobalGiving’s standard reward). When placed in the context of the other prizes, 2500 shillings ($30) from GlobalGiving essentially doubled the money going to local educational needs that day. And the value of these stories to TYSA in learning what these girls need is probably has much more value than what $30 could buy in any other form of community “evaluation.”
Go to the website! have a look around, read the blog, decide what sort of report might suit your needs, and then get in touch. Once we have established what you want, and what the cost will be, you can either upload your m/s to the website or email it to me direct.
I will be putting together care packages to send to our boys and girls. It really boosts their morale when they get them, plus they need really silly stuff like duct tape, carabiners, rubber bands, work gloves, batteries and lots and lots of toiletries.
I’m sorry but hope is not a strategy and freedom has a price.
Van Wertheim Dillen PME. Cytomegalovirus infections at risk groups: transmission and pathogenesis. Thesis, University of Amsterdam, 1985.
3. Dip the pieces of fish in the flour.
Moving on from that question, my next topic of discussion is substitute English teachers, that aren’t actual English teachers. When it comes to substitute teachers, why is it that they always give you one that isn’t apart of that subject? No matter whether it’s English, history, music or maths, they never seem to give you the teacher for that actual subject.
I'm sure they'll be happy to see it again when the storage is all unpacked, but they've been pretty content with what we've got here. It actually kind of seems like they play with their toys more now that they have fewer to choose from.
flows the stream of the oil of gladness,
In the meantime I am terrified the book I want to write is out there, being written right now by someone else. This has happened to me before, I have perfectly serviceable ideas only to find some other - usually better- author has beaten me to it. So - for now- my lips are very tightly zipped.
I just wanted to take a moment to wish each of you a Merry Christmas and also for everyone who celebrates during this season in a different way - Happy Holidays!
One perfectly formed brow rose. “You’re seeing someone.”
The shocker for the Ephesian husbands was not that they were the “heads,” but that they were to love…even yield to their wives because of their deep respect for Jesus. (Ephesians 5:21)
Meanwhile, since the demise of Dominic Strauss-Kahn, Tim Geithner has probably said more things about and to the EU than he did in the previous three years in total: on banking regulation, on derivatives control, and on “avoiding the UK’s light-touch regulatory regime which ended so tragically”.
In the month of dark grey monsoons.
06. End signal (2005) mix
*This was actually a second application, due to having my first manicure destroyed by doing a 3 mile high pile of dirty dishes, hence the shorter nails!
Unfortunately, its inattention prompted its demise.
Mile 1: More people jockeying for position that there are at the Amarillo Wal-Mart on Black Friday. But the people at Wal-Mart are more sweaty.
If a friend stops by while you’re working, simply tell him/her that you’ve scheduled this time for spring cleaning. He or she is free to stay, as long as you could continue working. Perhaps, you might even get some help. If not, tell your friend you’ll stop by his or her house later on when you’re done.
3 confident
JAYKAY. He’s a wack lizard. A++ Wack is a lackey to Uncle Duke and he also… runs a circus? You know. On his down time. Pim takes the magic bag to Wack but figures out that the bag ain’t so magical without Felix.
In the wake of the longest government shutdown in over a decade, questions about the budget loom on the horizon.
The Friendly Guy
black dog books are donating the proceeds of SHORT AND SCARY to Australian youth mentoring programs like Big Brothers and Big Sisters.
I was let down by BCC earlier today when I was informed that our cap and gowns won’t be available until the 10th. That was my plan for my picture for today’s post! But I took the rest of the day to plan out my week, make a game plan, and basically just laze around all day without actually doing anything productive. It was nice just to sit around and enjoy the sunshine on the back porch, sipping iced tea.
After a while, I started getting people photographing my work. Some people said right out loud that they wanted to copy my designs. But the truth is this: for anyone who devotes more than 10 minutes to any form of art, you can't control that stuff. And why should you care? In the big picture, it really doesn't matter. Let them copy your stuff, if they can. Do they have the hours to invest and the actual talent to make something people will be interested in, or take that next step and buy?
These points demonstrate that God’s purposes for marriage extend far beyond personal happiness. Let me quickly clarify that God isn’t against happiness per se, but that marriage promotes even higher values.
We have created a raised vegetable bed from some old oak groins salvaged from a building site, we bought a plastic greenhouse which is now full of tomato plants and herb seedlings and I had scrounged 2 old butlers sinks from my mum ages ago that are now planted with asparagus and some more herbs. We bagged ourselves some potent Turkey muck from the farm so all the ingredients are there.
what a dick he is
…you unstrangle me
This is one of my current favourite songs (and videos) It’s INSANELY great!
On the surface I smiled pleasantly, though my first instinct was to scream NO! I once gave a 'best man's' speech at a friend's wedding years ago, and have never been so close to vomiting and fainting all at the same time, even though it went quite well in the end.
What would be your favorite super-power?
Long Version
So let’s take a look at them, and then investigate what you can do to lessen any risks.
a first-rate accent. In a remark that seemed delightfully uncalculated
Headsets can be used to avoid disturbing people nearby.
These placid, adorable creatures with their copper eyes are veritable “purr boxes,” purring almost constantly when in the company of people they love. The one drawback of their affectionate nature is that they don’t cope well with being left alone for extended periods.
“Oh – the message? What’s the message that the Universe is conspiring to make sure that I notice? It’s an oldie but a goodie: FOLLOW YOUR INTUITION!” It’s not a new idea, not even for me – but these days – it seems that no matter where I turn – I hear it again. It’s like I am living in one of those comedy sequences where the protagonist sees the same message, painted on the side of a bus, as the headline in the morning paper, on the billboard when she’s headed to work and on the special menu at her favorite lunch spot. It’s almost comical really. As if the world decided the gentle nudges it has sent my way have clearly been insufficient and now it must rely on a sledgehammer to get the point across. “And no, the irony of the message itself and the way it is coming through to me is not lost.”
What about material sciences and the development of high-tech alloys, ceramics, plastics and glass? Let's not forget so many humbler inventions we take for granted like toothbrushes, razors, waterborne sewers, ballpoint pens and clothes pegs. In the hallowed halls of invention, how can anyone forget the feats of Alexander Bell, Henry Bessemer, Thomas Edison, Blaise Pascal, Nikola Tesla and the Wright brothers, Wilbur and Orville? One can't neglect John Crapper, either!
Putting the Blame on Mame
And then Peeta got this new Lego Harry Potter Wii game, which was clearly created by some singleton who hates children and their parents. It has no useful directions, so your child is left trying to wander around rooms and use magic with no understanding of what they are doing, until they break down in tears, which leads their mother, who has been reading walkthroughs from the Internet, to break down into tears and seriously contemplate burning the game and hunting down its creator to make them play the game in a locked room full of children for an unspecified number of hours.
If John Allen Muhammad really did hole up in a JF safe house in Virginia in the fall of 2002, it was more likely to have been this one in Meherrin than the one previously reported in Red House. Meherrin is considerably closer to where he is known to have been, and it would have taken a lot less winding along back country roads to get there.
Back to our regularly scheduled programming.... tomorrow...
As long as you have life, you will have stages.
And Polly at eighteen months is not very far behind Pip. She follows him everywhere and mimics him relentlessly. In the process she has learned – and, I expect, will continue to learn - much of whatever he is into. For example, she is already grasping some of the things Pip and I are working on at home. She can count to four, recognize some letters, and identify a couple of shapes. She is also becoming more capable with writing instruments like crayons and markers. And she is quite skilled at managing interactions with people of all ages. Preschool can’t hold a candle to the education gained from having an older sibling.
The woman continues talking gibberish in a very high pitched voice. I back away. What’s wrong with this person?
Turns out, Mitzi had gone poop (#3!) all over our nicest rugs. Not just one.
Seriously, it’s a detective novel, told by a dog. By. A. Dog. It’s also great.
Blink
Three seconds into opener ‘Rise’, and you know this is going to be special. The fierceness that runs throughout the album is not merely a characteristic, but a method, an indictment, exorcism and history lesson. That Roberts manages to unite a universal message and the intensely personal is one of the album’s most striking merits, while combining free jazz, swing, folk music (spirituals, lullabies, the blues), the Bible and the oral tradition to accomplish a musical equivalent of Toni Morrison’s stories.
Built specifically for female rippers, the Armada ARW Ski features women-specific balance points and curves that are ready handle park, pipe, and all-mountain terrain with style and grace. The AR50 torsion box construction blends the best of both worlds for weight savings and durability, and the burly 2.5 Impact Edge means that this ski can definitely stand up to even the most gnarly park features.
I really love the tulle bedskirt I found on Amazon, it matches nicely with the white sheer curtains, giving the whole room a very fresh and airy feel.
Azalea Med. I have used one of Lady Shuttle Maker's
It landed on the road below!
This card is almost a mirror image of the other card if you squint and are blue/red color blind. A typical posed photo of the player holding his stick down. I wonder if they were actually in their skates when these photos were taken? As I said the walls of the room are plain so they could have been taken while the players were suiting up. Yeah I'll keep thinking that.
I’m sure you remember Prison Break. In my opinion, it was one of the best jail breaks of all time after the one in the Shawshank Redemption. True, it had an unrealistic story, but it was brilliant. My love for it was so great that I loathed the directors of Prison Break for not making the main character, Michael Scofield, gay. I am sure he wouldn’t have been that enthusiastic to run away from Fox River State Penitentiary if the stories they tell of prison are anything to go by. The only way to punish a gay man is by sending him to a female prison. In short, it would have allowed the show to last a couple more seasons longer.
Who wants to sit at home and blog? (ha! I'm always on the computer)
and ready to reverse himself
with wire arms and removable Halloween baton
It's huge and thick and will be really cozy next Christmas. I have the backing so this one is ready to be basted by my team of basting elves this week. (What am I going to do when the kids move out?!?)
and the head of it is surrounded by glory, a rain halo.
In the 1930s, under the regime of Joseph Stalin, music was forced to be contained within certain boundaries of content and innovation. Composers were discouraged from experimenting with new sounds or new instruments, and required to have their music “approved” before it was performed. Some composers had to leave the country when their music was considered “anti-Communist” by the government censors.
We both have very weird senses of humor.
Soak your clams in a bowl of water to clean them. If the water starts getting nasty, dump it out and refill it. If there are any broken clams or open ones that are unresponsive do not cook them because you will probably die and then your idiot family will spend the rest of their days clogging up our court system in a vain attempt to cash in on your stupidity.
I have often pondered the daily verse and committed it to memory many years ago. It will surely be quoted in many prayer services today. It is initially expressed as a condition and promise to Solomon during a time of great personal and national consecration as the temple is being dedicated approximately 3,000 years ago. I believe there is an element to this promise that is unique to Israel as a nation, who as a national people were called by God’s Name.
Overtaking chance: Low
Alarms are set but much too soon.
Made it right after I made the sponges and was pleased with my artistry...more so this successful rose gave me the courage to go ahead with the rest of the recipe I had decided…kinda’ good omen. (fingers crossed!)
Did you enter the Flourishes Blog Hop by commenting either here on my blog, or on the CopicOz Blog, or Mandi's or even on the Copic Marker Australia Facebook Page?? If you did, then I'm sure you will be dying to know who won one of these gorgeous Flourishes stamps!!!!
Food: Despite the beer tour, this is a restaurant first and foremost. On our most recent visit, we decided to focus on Old Chicago’s self-ascribed specialty – pizza. We split a large Hawaiian deep-dish pizza; while the sauce and toppings were good, the crust was disappointingly un-deep-dish like. It was served in a pan, but it tasted a lot like a premade Domino’s crust, and was not tremendously thick. Disappointing. That being said, the menu itself looks promising, with a great variety of pasta and sandwiches in addition to pizza.
boots-custom made
Support from other eco bloggers - 'trashbloggers' like Mrs Green and her family, and Mrs Almost Average and Danda from Italy and Sooz and others has been great INSPIRATION! Connecting to like-minded people was a big factor, at the same time a 'by-product' was to raise awareness about it all to new people too - I actually wanted to start a 'proper' blog (with own domain name etc, haven't quite gotten round to it yet).
Michael J. Fox (The Good Wife)
Little Lamb
“What?! That’s crazy,” I said, followed by “okay!”
White vinegar softens fabric and stops static cling. Add a cup of vinegar to the wash, with a few drops of lavender oil for odours.
Here is an interesting article on food dyes. Notice the short list at the bottom of surprising foods containing artificial colors. Then click on the link for the full report and scroll down for a more complete list.
12 West 19th St (near 5th Ave)
I was somewhere outside of Ludlow, California, headed due east for Kentucky, when I realized that I would be a liar for the rest of my life.
The extreme cases will doubtless be like Santorum who will choose and pick their friends by whether or not they use porn (will check and un-friend SIMPLY for watching pron no less . . . ), and further discriminate against porn users by preventing people from viewing or buying ‘porny’ things they like – none of anyone’s business what anyone else does in private or in premises or districts for these purposes with like minded individuals, how can such a law be passed in a democracy? Fundo alert!
BUTTER by Erin Lange. I don't read many contemporaries but this book is at the top of my wishlist. It's about a boy “Butter” who's going to eat himself to death live on the internet.
But it's perfect for giving those F-111's a place to lay their wings back and thunder across the terrain at near twice the speed of sound and maybe two hundred or so feet above the ground.
Another beer from the same place is the golden, hoppier Piraat Ale, also available in a corked bottle. I didn't have the camera set up when I tasted this one.
There is very little opposition that Zimmerman didn’t shoot Trayvon in self-defense, even former governor Jeb Bush has publicly admitted that self-defense is invalid in this case and that he should have been charged by now. We pray, hope, and fight that another case will not be lost to an unjust system.
DAMMIT! All my friends are daaaaaaaaamn lucky to get good guys T_T
Abel, on the other hand, was the first man of faith. Prior to the Fall, Adam and Eve had no need of faith in the same way as their descendants. They lived in the paradise of Eden and had direct contact with God. Their children were the first to have need of faith in its fullest sense.
I’ll stop here, but there’s still plenty to be had in the comments section. I am in no way backing this article and its findings by making this post – - I actually disagree with it. This doesn’t stop the comments section from being a riot.
Next was a view which seperated the Holy Place from the Holy of Holies. This veil was about eighteen inches thick, which made it practically untearable by any human source. It hid the cohen from the presence of God, who was in the Holy of Holies.
The basic base sizes I use are: 20x20mm, 40x20mm, and 40x40mm. This are all pretty regular bases and very easy to buy or make. Consider that I will talk about WAB units, and FOG and Warmaster stands (several stands make a unit).
This one of the reasons why new places, situations and experiences are good.
It’s funny how “40 acres and a mule” got downgraded to food stamps, Section 8 housing and conservative white (and black) disdain. Where have we gone to in this country when feeding your family — even if with candy bars, sodas and oily potato chips – is an irresponsible and unpatriotic pursuit?
DRB-Hicom Bhd., Syed Mokhtar’s auto assembler, is the best candidate to buy the government’s 43 percent stake in Proton, Mahathir, now an adviser at the carmaker he founded in 1983, said in a joint interview yesterday in Putrajaya, outside Kuala Lumpur. Officials at DRB and Khazanah Nasional Bhd., the government investment arm holding the Proton shares, weren’t immediately available to comment.
I’ve lived in this apartment for about 25 years. (Yes, I’ve been renting that long, one of the dumber decisions of my life.) I’ve thought about moving—increasingly over the years, have thought about leaving New York—but I have no clear idea where I’d want to go, either within the city or beyond, and the cost and effort of doing it have always put me off. Big time. I’ve accumulated a lot of stuff in 25 years (half of it books).
Seconds tick by...
thursday night, a friend informed me that it was supposed to rain all weekend. i checked the report. 60% chance of rain saturday. 40% on sunday. those odds did not bother us. rain is no big deal. we have equipment for rain. rain can be fun!
Damn... now I feel like cookies and a coffee.
This post is prompted by an influx of Southern Tier Gemini in to Leeds - via Beer Ritz of course.
"Lips Like Sugaaaaahhhhh, Sugahhhhh kisses!!!!!!"
Anybody interested in solid-sounding soundboards from the 1974 band? I thought so...
I didn’t catch any episodes until the second to the last episode of the season, but you can catch up online at the Hairy Bikers on the History Channel site or by downloading from iTunes. These episodes have made the last couple of flights more bearable. And thanks to Charlotte Airport’s free WiFi I was able to download the last couple of episodes during my extended layover (damn delays).
The logo also lent itself to a stunning use of repetition with her images and a beautiful custom pattern that was used inside the business cards and layered onto the image at the back of the brochure with a detail shot of the gorgeous hides she uses in her designs
“A bit cheeky perhaps,” I replied. “But we can’t punish them for admiring your lingerie.”
Shu and co. get all ready for combat, loading up and all that, a few contrived moments of ‘how sad, how epic, final battle, blah blah blah’ happen.
one line
Our usual routine is to arrive at the headman's (or woman's!) house and introduce ourselves having warned them in advance of our plans. As we set up, the headman sends the word out and young people start to arrive, hunkering down on their heels in the shade as they wait. Some arrive direct from their work in the rice paddies, a young lifetime of manual work evidenced though the callouses on their hands and the premature aging of their faces. Others are dragged by hopeful parents, clutching their 'family books' (as proof of age) in tatty plastic bags.
“I’ll be so glad when you’re 10,” I tell him, slipping the car into park under the awning in front of the grocery store. An eyebrow shoots up over his sweating cone.
To my surprise, the recipe made twice as much batter as anticipated so I have breakfast for tomorrow all set too! Now, I guess I need to go grocery shopping so I don’t end up eating popcorn and hummus for lunch. Also, I should probably call someone about that screeching. It’s been going on so long that I almost forgot about it, like it’s a new soundtrack for the building. I said almost. Have a great day!
Although the "dogmatic disbelief" of these intellectuals remained "intolerable," the religious tenets of his own lukewarm Protestant faith were equally unsatisfactory. Eventually his insecurely held faith, a remnant of childhood, "just dropped away… as easily as a child loses a first tooth." By the winter of 1893, he was an avowed agnostic, ceasing all church attendance and declaring to friends that he "didn't believe in a Christian faith." This was his state of heart and mind when, in 1897, he first made the acquaintance of Belloc.
I'd have posted it sooner but Im still a little shy especially with vlogs
Today I woke up smiling for the first time in two weeks because yesterday marked the conclusion of a process that in some aspects felt like it lasted longer than this past NFL season. A gamut of emotions swirled during that time as the uncertainty of where Peyton would land grew more frustrating by the minute. I knew the time he took was necessary. He is meticulous with his decisions because he doesn’t want to make the wrong one. He doesn’t want to have regrets. I get that, but it was still frustrating. Of course I never once thought NO ONE would want him. That’s just silly, but patience is not my virtue and just gives my wandering mind more time to come up with horrible scenarios about his future. Sure the questions came from various friends, acquaintances, and co-workers about where I wanted him to end up, and again I did my best to answer them without giving a concrete answer on what I was hoping for. I had selfish reasons for not publicizing my opinions. I knew that if I publicized my choice and it didn’t happen that it would be that much harder to accept, and I didn’t want to add to the emotion unnecessarily. So here it is…staring at the future in Mile High Stadium, and the only way I could be happier is if Peyton was still a Colt. Understand that it’s going to be a very long time, if ever, before I can talk completely and fully about what happened on March 8th because every time I start to talk about it, I get emotional, again. I seem to not have as much trouble talking about the future though because at least that seems promising. But how did we get here, and what has been running through my head in the last two weeks?
Buttons: from stash
We will do a drawing at the end the month. This Challenge will be entered to win a Scrappy Moms Stamps stamp set of your choice. You have until Monday 5/7 to link your entry below. We hope you have fun with this challenge!
One of my friends watched the video on facebook and and commented that Jasper looks "broke". Someone else commented on how it looks like I'm not hanging on for dear life anymore. It made me realize that for the first time I'm not questioning IF he's going to jump or not, and then frantically grabbing mane as he launches himself 2 or 3 feet higher than the top of the jump. I'm now assuming he's going over and am able to wait for him to figure out his distances and let him jump.
I also had a cactus bloom over the last couple of weeks, it is probably confused.
My friends and I would always tell them we weren't into guys and had signals to help get us away. At this point in my life I am extremely blunt and just tell the creeps to go away. But I do remember dancing with my sorority sisters and some guy who I had never seen before would come up and start grinding his pelvis into my back thinking this was attractive. Reality check, you just lost any chance you had, if I wanted to dance with you I would have, now back off!!
After the panel, I got to hang out with some of the Marauders, , my online friends who are funny, sharp, heartfelt, and great at words. They're quite ethical, too. Meg, Sandi, and Sue came to the panel discussion with a couple of friends and Sandi's daughter, Kathryn. Sandy and Kathryn had flown in from Nashville to spend the weekend with Meg, who lives in Wisconsin, and Sue took the train from Detroit. After the panel we wandered down to the waterfront then over to Millennium Park, ducking into the art museum and a coffee shop when the clouds opened. I'd only met Meg online, and as usual it seemed as if we'd known each other for years. Which we have. It's just that we'd never met in person.
Fresh Express, bringer of last month’s E Coli is now proud to present you with your first case of infection with Listeria monocytogenes. What a great company. And just think: You don’t have to live anywhere near Salinas to enjoy their special nutrients. They ship all over the place, because they are so special.
Sony & Cher I got you babe US
I have 38 different large cap stocks that I follow and use as bellweathers. I normally just look at them on a technical basis to get an idea of the strength of the market but somehow when I was looking through the list today I noticed something very interesting when looking at the fundamentals.
Some positive commitments I have made so far are:
15. Mangosuthu Buthelezi, politician and a Zulu prince (1928 - )
If you want,
Since my blouse was rather loose I thought it needed something to give a little waist defining. So I added a braided leather belt that was found at the thrift store. It was also kind of plain and so I added one of my favorite scarves.
1. Her food blog.
Crepes, is a must try - people told me. So, I did. :)
Irena smuggled Jewish infants out in the bottom of the tool box she carried. She also carried a burlap sack in the back of her truck, for larger kids.
room watching CNN
I don't have time to write about all the other resources we've loved or abandoned this year. As far as explaining the always changing, always learning way we do things here, Renelle said it better than I can right now. It's all a blur as I'm excited about what's happening now and what's in store. I have rambled today. Hope I haven't put anyone to sleep!
Actually, what he said was “Damn, Girl! You’re a woman who thinks like a man. You should write a book. Guys everywhere will thank you”.
Beat drum and old tin pot, I’m high on you know what
Here’s a screen shoot of it:
High-stakes testing proponents claim these exams are vital tools for assessing our children and their teachers. I do not need a test to determine if my children are progressing with their education. By simply listening to them read regularly and checking their work, I can establish their strengths and weaknesses. My children’s teachers can conclude if they need extra reading or math assistance within a few weeks from the start of the school year. We do not need the expensive testing systems to make that determination.
Blessed are the merciful, for they will be shown mercy.
We lost touch after that as we were living very different lives. One day as I was bravely pushing a double pram up a hill in my local shopping centre, his mother walked by. She stopped to chat and I proudly showed off my two babies. I asked how my ex was doing and she told me that he was about to be married for the second time, and that he had recovered from ‘his breakdown’. Immediately I remembered the shaking hands and the lost look in his eye. So the past had caught up with him after all.
Perhaps it is this dogged determination which he says is part of his personality that has kept him doing what he has all this time.
My lovely Desigual dress (last seen here). I bought this in London, England, about 2 years ago, in May 2010. Coincidentally, Megan of The Fashionable Bureaucrat has the exact same dress! Check it out here. What I find funny is that she got hers in Paris. Two Canadian gals, on opposite sides of the country, both went to Europe and bought the same dress. Bizarre!
My cousin got married last fall. Like many weddings, it was an occasion for family and friends to reminisce, reconnect, and bond. The wedding reception found me tucked away in a corner with a few cousins, most notably, the beautiful, often elusive, V. She inquired about my dissertation defense, mere days away, and my future plans. At that point I only knew I had to move. The sooner the better.
To the Goth kids who rock the heavy black make-up and pants that weigh more than I do with all the chains and buckles, I applaud you. To the hippie kids who rock the dredlocks and tye-dye everything I applaud you. To the girls who insist on wearing pants that are 3 sizes too small and tops that look like they were meant for an infant…I’m not sure I understand why you choose to dress like this but if you’re comfortable…then I applaud you as well.
Tools: wine crate, paint, sponge brush and bowl of water.
1/4 lb pure, fresh, pastured lard
Hugo-"So, you're not my blind date?"
The issue is still under debate. These beings may choose to explore elsewhere for a home, or take Mercury as a new home.
I know I should wait and make them do it, but quite honestly I just played out the entire conversation in my brain and I exhausted myself just thinking about it so I caved and took care of it myself.
This morning I got up way to early ( couldn’t sleep) so I decided to make myself a new Gravatar. I have tried to upload it to the blog but I use Photo-bucket and Photo-bucket is down. So maybe tomorrow.
Manny Athanasakis grew up in the olive and grape fields of Greece, learning the value of hard work at an early age. Seeking a better life, his family emigrated to the United States in 1970. It was here that Manny learned the restaurant business “hands on.”
Now here are my picks:
1 tree
Maybe I just happen to be in a romantic mood but I feel like a good beer is like a good woman. This song has a lot of different elements to it (like this beer) and is certainly unique. Donavon Frankenreiter’s voice is soothing just as each sip of this beer is.
Point Made: How to Write Like the Nation's Top Advocates is the title of a readable little book by Ross Guberman (president of Legal Writing Pro, an advanced legal-writing training and consulting firm). According to the book's (and JIPLP's) publishers Oxford University Press:
The most common complaints include irritated nasal passages, headaches, lethargy, rashes, vomiting and fevers.
Less than half — 47 percent — of young un’s will actually break up with someone face to face, versus the 74 percent of those of us willing to do it in the same room, maybe better prepared to handle whatever emotional mayhem may ensue.
Circumstances, waning memory, and my eagerness for this reading resulted in our inadvertantly missing the Gary Shteyngart reading at BookCourt on Thursday. We showed up a day early (ouch) and then a prior commitment prevented a return for what was no doubt a funny and highly literate evening at the always delightful BookCourt on Court and Pacific. I read a digital chapter of Shteyngart's new tome, Super Sad True Love Story, and was again enthralled by the humor, speed and sheer literary brio of the book. Ironically, I read the digital sample chapter on the Kobo app on my BlackBerry on the way to what I thought would be the reading on Wednesday evening.
Light is everywhere, all around us day and night. How could we have missed this one humongous clue? This is the manual to life, the simple answer to happiness that we have been wanting forever. And it has been with us all along. All we have to do is apply its formula:
Spain’s economy officially entered its second recession since 2009. Gross domestic product fell 0.3 percent. Spain’s government is struggling to convince investors it can narrow the budget deficit by 3.2 percentage points of GDP this year as the economy shrinks and unemployment approaches 25 percent. The government forecasts an economic contraction of 1.7 percent in 2012 and an expansion of 0.2 percent in 2013 thatwill leave the jobless rate at about 24 percent.
Continues in the form of
“Okay, but I’m going to slide down by the front and crouch so no one sees me.”
We want more
Disclosure: This book is part of my personal collection and I read it for personal entertainment and as a book club selection.
Playing Around: This tart is good made with pears. Make sure to pat them dry with paper towels before you lay them into the crust - pears are juicier than apples and their juices can slow the settling of the custard. When summer rolls around, the tart is good with peaches, which must be peeled, as well as apricots. If you use apricots, add 1/4 teaspoon pure almond extract to the custard - it will reinforce the fruit's flavor - and glaze the tart with apricot jam. With round fruits, like apricots and peaches, you can, if you'd like, forgo the slicing and just halve and pit the fruit, then lay the halves into the crust rounded side up.
But he's also a writer of tough guy, Ludlumian fiction, with titles like The Apocalypse Directive, and America's Last Days: A Novel, and with his latest book, he's facing the same dilemma confronted by every tough guy American writer from James Fenimore Cooper to Ernest Hemingway to Norman Mailer: dismissive online reviews that seek to weaken his main character's bladder control.
Forgive me for I have digressed. We decided that the sanded off black plywood looked a lot nicer as a countertop than the panelling so the panelling remained unused until the sandwich board application. After some yahoo (I have to believe it was a tourist) crunched the board Friday, I spent a half hour Saturday morning cutting another piece from the sheet's remainder to replace the one damaged side. The hard shiny finish acts as a whiteboard. Using hardware I already had from yardsales past, the sandwich cost no more than my time. And that is worth practically nothing these days!
**The voting is open again for the contest I entered. Please go vote for my country road image. Its the one in my previous post if you’re not familiar with it.
–Epic Armageddon–
No, the aimless, self-involved hipsters are not the counterculture of our generation. It’s the global revolutionaries.
Such a lot has happened since I last spoke to you all, BarjanB Crafts opened on December 1st, with ribbons being cut by Robert Addams (papercrafts) and Monica Winfield (local Radio Celebrity) and chmpagne corks a poppin by everyone. The shop is so well stocked with all manner of crafty things to help all crafters fulfill their crafting dreams. We stock, Molly Bloom, Indigo Blu, WOW! Tando, tonic, Tim Holtz, Zutter, Creative Expression, Crafters companion, and so so much more. My new web site should be up and running in the next few weeks, so keep your eyes peeled. If you would like a list of up and coming workshops, just email me.
I brought in the last of the Zinnias the other day and took a few pictures.
*These are general guidelines that I use and I individualize each patient’s care based on other aspects of general health and needs. You must work with your personal physician on your health issues, and if you are going to use this information, please do so in the context of this very valuable doctor-patient relationship.
She rubbed her cheek which was smudged with dirt
Despite this attention to detail, something of a dilemma can arise when you order a beer you are not familiar with. You go through the ritual of tapping and spliling the cask, you draw some off and are pleased it has cleared nicely and appears suitably lively in the glass. However, when you come to taste it, it's just not right. It's not off in so much that it's oxidised, sour or infected, it's just plain bad! The beer could be overtly bitter or cloyingly sweet. It could be too thin, unbalanced or just badly brewed. It might even be as the brewer intended and it's just down to personal preference that you don't like it. If you're a regular beer drinker though, with faith in your own judgement, you know deep down that for whatever reason something is not right with the beer and worryingly you could be left with 70 odd pints of beer that you will struggle to sell! As Mark says "When
It is one of the “drivers” of change in our life.
Ed took me around the city of Nantes, which is very modern and artsy. First we went to super cool graffiti exposition at a contemporary art museum, called Faire le Mur, which means to sneak out. They had quite some interesting and unique pieces.
Oh Take the underground to Notting Hill gate and then …
Length: 100-500 words
Jesus answered them, “Amen, amen, I say to you, everyone who commits sin is a slave of sin.
The pleasurable thoughts didn’t last long, morphing inexplicably into the memory of a film Lawrence had shown her once, his attempt to get into film school, a laboured and frankly tedious series of re-enactments of the climactic scene from The Brown Bunny with Lawrence himself in the hallowed Vincent Gallo position and a variety of desperate or otherwise pliable young ladies from the local sixth form college eager to augment their tuition fees by taking on the Chloë Sevigny role, taken from a variety of angles and shot in quite bewildering High Definition detail. Unfortunately Lawrence had neither the build nor camera and lighting skills to pull it off successfully and the three-hour-plus compilation of clips and outtakes had singularly failed to land him a place at his college of choice. Undeterred, he had continued to send out copies to any institution he thought might be interested, not to mention any hapless female visitor who happened to wander into his flat of an evening, until finally common sense took the upper hand and Lawrence found himself the wide-eyed subject of a Customs and Excise raid. They seized computers and dubbing equipment, and, thankfully, his master copies, which meant that Ophelia might at long last banish the thought of those hairy thighs and horrendous boxer shorts from her mind, but sadly not today, it would seem.
“Our best seller is the goat’s milk lotion,” she said. “We sell a lot of that. I use it everyday. If I have a cut, scrape, burn, or bruise, I put it on there because it has these wonderful healing properties. Even my husband and son use it now. But, I use it everyday. I take a long bath and then I dab it on to my face afterwards.”
It looked pretty, and the archetypal story worked as well as it needed to.
The father, Ahmed Abuhamda, denies any wrongdoing, saying he followed the couple’s divorce decree when he moved the children from the Kansas City suburb of Overland Park to the Middle East in February.
I was told it was more than likely fibroid tumors and that it would be a simple removal of them and that would be that. When I returned to the clinic to see the doctor again, he was so sure it was going to be uterine fibroids, he actually asked me to take part in a study.
Reading: Jesus replied, “The first is this: ‘Hear, O Israel! The Lord our God is Lord alone! You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart, with all your soul, with all your mind, and with all your strength.’The second is this: ‘You shall love your neighbor as yourself.’ There is no other commandment greater than these.” (Mark 12:29-31)
a life has fallen apart
Secondly, if it was people specifically turning up to hear someone talk about writing it might not be too bad, but it's not. Topics vary from week to week - from Medieval Chesham to finding a job online - but the audience remains the same. I'd only bore them rigid.
MORALS: Paranormal tabloid “journalists” are handy allies if you actually find something paranormal that is real.
This blousy knit top looks great with the super fitted black leggings because the proportion is balanced. The color blocking on the top is super cute but not over the top. The salmon color on the top is perfectly paired with the salmon color in the necklace, which adds a little sparkle and excitement to this fun yet casual look. This look is incredibly comfortable, effortless, and completely in fashion. It's perfect for my day of running errands and doing chores-- I love it!!
He testified that he was not drunk on the night but suffering from medication side-effects. He had also claimed that a colleague, Stanley Sagathevan, was driving his car that night.
This was a HARD week. Honestly, embarking on this venture I didn't expect it to be so incredibly unpleasant at times. But, I met my goals and I'm glad that I set up this accountability for myself because I know I would have stopped if I hadn't. Yes, I hate being hungry that much ;)
At least with the Florida game, you could make an argument that what took place occurred with the two teams in close proximity to each other and that there was a risk that a Riot in Cell Block 9 might break out at any minute. (I didn’t say it was a good argument, but at least you could trot it out.)
Curtis managed to get to the garage and get the door closed. Like good farm people, we gravitated toward the kitchen windows to watch the storm. I had supper on the stove (no warnings had been issued at this point). After we watched our youngest son’s playground slide fly upward about a dozen feet, I became concerned. Within seconds, I began to hear the terrible sounds a building makes when it begins to rip and break. The large (10 feet high by 16 feet wide) window on the south side of our house began to flex and move. I couldn’t hear the storm as much as I could feel it–like the deep bass rumbling of the trains that pass within a few miles of our house.
Dilly-dally with her heart like it’s my toy
He was tall and thin and carried a black garbage bag onto
So now I need to have a nuclear scan of the thyroid. This involves being injected with a radioactive isotope . It will show the uptake by the thyroid and then we will go from there. After this test, I will go to an Endocrinologist.
I have a feeling that there will be more questions that will require hard answers as he continues to grow.... and I pray that God will always provide us with answers that will build Michael up... because sometimes the truth is just plain ugly.
David & I did contemplate getting "plugged in" again. We even went so far as to set up an appointment to have everything hooked up again. Then I pushed the install date back another 3 weeks, to think over it some more... & last week, David finally said, "No, let's not do it again." We've realized it's not a huge deal to us anymore, since we have access in other ways. I check my email on my cell phone... he can get online at work... & on days like today, when the kids & I need an internet fix :-) we just come to the local library, where we can all surf at the same time to get it out of our system - & all for free, of course.
Tiles and Stone: We used Ann Sacks limestone in the master bath. Subway tile in the shower. Downstairs we used white Carrara marble in the bathroom. Our counterops are Pietra Cardosa, a soft gray stone that wears wonderfully.
LT: Who said that?
Album: Live Blood
Second place in Catered Vanilla: Cowgirl Cupcakes
d. The Avengers
When French explorer Louis-Antoine de Bougainville and his ships La Boudeuse and Étoile landed at Tahiti in 1768, the political jostling to win the foreigners’ favour continued – Tutaha this time securing the advantage.
MIUI 4
The Gunners Syndicate consists of six men – Pat Glynn, Pat Gleeson, Robbie Byrne, brothers Donal and Niall Collins plus John Harte. Arsenal-mad Glynn leads the syndicate, having purchased Seabass as a foal after seeing an advert in the Irish Field newspaper and looked after the horse until he was sent to Ted Walsh as a four-year-old on the recommendation of Ted’s son Ruby. Glynn was helped in raising Seabass by Gerry Kyne from Kiltrogue Stud, the father of the apprentice jockey Jamie Kyne, who was killed in a fire in Norton, North Yorkshire, in September, 2009. Glynn, who hails from Dunmore, County Galway, is a builder who used to play Gaelic football for the local Dunmore MacHales and the Connemara Gaels in the USA. His wife Sinead is a singer who has appeared on a talent competition for Country & Western singers on Irish TV station TG4. Pat Gleeson also comes from Dunmore and he is a director of local company Wheely Environmental Refuse Services. Robbie Byrne, the only member of the syndicate who does not support Arsenal, runs a pub in Dunmore which is the venue for the syndicate’s meetings, while John Harte is a butcher. Despite the fact that the majority of the syndicate support Arsenal, Seabass runs in the maroon and white colours of local football team Galway United.
5. Pointing and directing for gates, forward, backward, sideways
Situation in the Balkans – 2012 compared to 2011. The numbers in parentheses show the figures for 2011. The smaller the nummber of the rating, the better the rank and status (‘Free’: rating 1-30; ‘Partly Free’: 31 – 60. ‘Not Free’: rating 61 – 100).
Tomorrow, with the girls off to a birthday party, it’s time to get some Ramco cabbage plants in at home and get the dreaded mower and strimmer out for a long overdue garden tidy up. Maybe it’ll rain so I’ve got an excuse to put that job off for another day!
Start with a 4 1/4" x 11" piece of cardstock and score on the 5 1/2" mark to create a A2 card base. Next cut the striped 7 Gypsies paper to 4" x 5 1/4" and adhere to card base. On kraft colored cardstock in Walnut Stain Ink stamp the Carriage from the Barnyard Elements Set, in Forest Moss Ink stamp the small Spruce Trees from the Magnificent Spruce Trees Set and in Black Soot Ink stamp the Sentiment from the Western Bronco Set. Cut image to 3" x 5 1/8" and distress edges with Brushed Corduroy Distress Ink. Adhere to card base. Add twine around the top of the card and finish with decorative brad. Add Getaway Dew Drops to bottom left of card adhering with Dries Clear Glue.
Here is the thing. I DRIVE them to school every morning and I pick them up at the end of school. The only time they are outside is during a 20 minute recess. I suppose you could count the 5 minutes in the am before school and the 5 minutes in the afternoon after school. They are not on a bus - they are not waiting outside for anything - they don't have to walk 3 miles uphill in 4' deep snow. Get it? The teacher's know this.
I miss her so much every day. Today the pain, hurt and missing is made even worse when I look around and see everyone else carefree, celebrating and laughing with their children. I'm happy for them and of course wouldn't wish this upon anyone, but it highlight the enormous loss and longing I feel for my own daughter, who should also be here with me - but isn't. I know I am a mother, an quite an amazing one. I've been challenged more than any other type of mother has. Endured and loved in a way not many others do. Yet the world doesn't see this, I am not seen as a mother just because my baby is not here...This beautiful blog entry captures exactly how I feel today. Written by Joanne Cacciatore, PhD and the Founder of the amazing MISS FOUNDATION, and of course another mother without her child. I wanted to share..
Following Operation Cast Lead, the Palestinians claimed the IDF used white phosphorous during offensives in Gaza, however the army denied the claims. The Palestinians have reportedly fired shells containing the dangerous substance several times in the past.
Now I know that I showed you some great hallway examples not so long ago, but I couldn’t resist blogging about this little beauty. Taken from one of our upcoming homes in the June issue of 25 Beautiful Homes (on sale 3rd May – don’t miss it!), I think it’s a great example of how you can make the most of a small space.
Come take me home again
And it helps that I was single. There was no spouse or child to consider. No collaboration. I finally got glad about that instead of just wondering why I hadn't found love yet. It would come in time. But back then, it was just me, thinking of the magic number 108 and my freedom dreams.
I love my husband. He’s the other half of me. I know that’s not exactly cool to say, but it’s true. He makes all the other love I ever felt before feel like swimming in a tepid, plastic, wading pool. He makes all the feelings I’ve ever felt feel like a sneeze. Sure, they were satisfying, but in the end, they were fleeting.
beauty products will help enhance a woman’s appearance,
Shock, horreur! Lock up your daughters!
As a kid I remember being deathly afraid of thunderstorms for a while. I think someone at school told me a story about a person he knew who had been struck by lightning and died, and since eight year-olds are a credible resource of information, I believed him. Although the fear was pretty strong, it was relatively short-lived; I got over it fairly quickly. But why? It was a combination of things, no doubt, but one reason was the fact that every time there was a storm, my mom and dad were not scared a bit. They just kept living life as if nothing was different; doing the laundry and watching Monday night football. I knew that my parents had been around longer than me and knew a lot about a lot more things than I did, so if they weren’t scared, there was something comforting they knew about thunderstorms that I didn’t. This helped put my fears to rest.
run out the back door,
For me to come to the point where both of my kids are in school (one is still a baby stage) everyday and I have free time in the morning is momentous. I should be celebrating. However, I am feeling sentimental instead.
A pretty apartment
Be Kind...
Me (leaning in so only she can hear me): Mom, the rainbow symbol is for people who want to proudly tell others that they're gay. It's kinda cool.
And the dead President who is worth it:
Kneel in front of the water cooler and drink directly from the nozzle.
"Relax, Deanna!" Will says, "There is no need to get so tense about everything!"
But, a year later, despite significant additional casualties, the vulnerability of the Snatch was becoming so evident that we were to pick it up on this blog, leading in August to a review of the vehicle by then defence secretary Des Browne, and its partial replacement by the Mastiff.
I’ll leave the details of how your Mum and I met for another time… suffice it to say that after my initial visit to see her and your big brother in September 2003, I flew out about every 6-8 weeks or so.
Wanted to go surfin’
Riddle Question: What kind of coat only gets put on when its wet?
& while this exercise was quite a while ago & I’m not explaining it quite as elegantly as my professor did, the point is this: we, especially in America, describe ourselves with individual talents/traits. People in many other countries, given this exercise, would have very different answers.
Me: "There is a story about a woman named Abigail. It's not you, but you share a name."
I've been thinking about the word "cheat" a lot in recent days. I heard recently a very disturbing story about academic dishonesty, where the student (not one of mine - and no one that I know) had gone to great lengths to protect his grade in order that he not be penalized. It included taking stuff from a teacher, burning a test, along with a few other things that were so shocking to me, I could only listen with my mouth agape.
Oh, was that an obvious, easy, and incredibly lame attempt at humor? Well, imagine that for 105 minutes and you’ve got WILD WILD WEST, a film with lots of talent and not much to admire. Here’s what I like: Kevin Kline as President Grant. Here’s what I don’t like: almost everything else.
5. Barristers facing financial problems because of government inefficiency
"You smell some kind of nerdy."
After Jae Ha took a shower, he told Hang Ah that he’d be willing to pat her back to help put her to sleep. He did just that. Aww. Sweetness!! After few minutes, Hang Ah closed her eyes to sleep. Jae Ha then tucked her hair behind her ear and held her hand again. He then leaned closely and kissed her neck.. OMO, is this for real now??? In an impulse Hang Ah shouted ” No!” and.. shoot, it was just a dream. Darn it.
Mumford & Sons – Winter Winds; Little Lion Man
kim....i hadn't thought about that, but i was getting anxious, so perhaps you're right about the template change, sugar!
Now we are back to school tomorrow and I am going to catch up on all the things that I couldn't get done while the kids were off. Only 8 more weeks of school and then it's summer. That's very hard to believe.
In stark contrast to the lies by BP CEO Tony Hayward in May 2010 that the impact of the spill would be "very, very modest", Deepwater Horizon is one of the worst oil spills in history. It amounts to nothing less than a monstrous crime against nature by capitalism, specifically U.S. and British imperialism. The only way humanity can prevent such hellish environmental catastrophes in the future is for the working class in the U.S. and around the globe to rise up and get rid of capitalism, once and for all, through the socialist revolution. The earth's ecosphere will not survive more than a few decades unless the working class takes power and establishes socialism on a worldwide scale.
14. The Young Fresh Fellows - Go, Blue Angels, Go
Item #: CWW-M1201-8
And green beans love us back, I mean, they are so good for us. Chocked full of vitamin A, C, K and rich in manganese with considerable amounts of iron, phosphorus magnesium and potassium. Green beans are an excellent source of protein, complex carbohydrates, and a good source of fiber. Having a good source of folic acid, molybdenum and B6, green beans lowers an amino acid called homocysteine, which is known to be high in people with heart disease.
Part of the charm is this being kept in the dark with regards to superfluous information which would weigh down such a light hearted read. By light hearted I mean exactly that. This is easy to read but has a dark malevolence always in the shadows. For me the scenario eludes to a far darker situation than the one admitted to.
Testing should start at six months for children at risk for lead poisoning. Based on these test results and a child’s risk factors, the doctor will then decide whether further testing is needed and how often. In some states, more frequent testing is required by law.
Political Correctness can reach absurd levels. Early in June 2006, Canadian police arrested a group of men suspected of planning terror attacks. The group was alleged to have been “well-advanced on its plan” to attack a number of Canadian institutions, among them the Parliament of Canada, including a possible beheading of the Prime Minister, and Toronto’s subway. However, the lead paragraph of newspaper Toronto Star’s story on the arrests was: “In investigators’ offices, an intricate graph plotting the links between the 17 men and teens charged with being members of a homegrown terrorist cell covers at least one wall. And still, says a source, it is difficult to find a common denominator.” Royal Canadian Mounted Police Assistant Commissioner Mike McDonell said that the suspects were all Canadian residents and the majority were citizens. “They represent the broad strata of our community. Some are students, some are employed, some are unemployed,” he said. However, there was one common denominator for the suspects that wasn’t mentioned: They were all Muslims. The front page article in the New York Times (June 4), too, was a study in how to avoid using the dreaded “M” word. The terrorist suspects were referred to as “Ontario residents,” “Canadian residents,” “the group,” “mainly of South Asian descent” or “good people.” Everything conceivable, just not as “Muslims.”
She seemed tired in the movie. I really related to her & felt for her character in particular. I’ll try to find her picture to post so you can see how right now she & I resemble one another, but I don’t have tusks… Other than that, we are TWINS… See?
Why didn’t I finish it? I’m sure, back when I was reading it, about nine years ago, I’d have come up with plenty of excuses: I had too much to read already, for class; I didn’t have time; I had lost interest.
she sighs as she falls
–Glutino Gluten-Free Cheddar Crackers (well I have had the plain)
It makes no difference what RULES or PLAN a trader has in place if HE/SHE does not follow them!
So there you have it, Ross still is a comedy genius, his new trendy audience however are far from it -- and are in danger of ruining his act for him.
People flew and drove many miles to be with Bluebird on her special day. My granny and my aunt flew down from Seattle the night before, their flight getting in at 10pm and settling into their hotel room at 11:30pm. I drove to their hotel to spend some time with them that late evening because they had to leave a few hours after Bluebird's baptism to catch their return flight home. It was so good to see them, and then my aunt said, "Turn around."
As the audience will expect, romance develops between the two while they escape together. A dramatic climax, filled with typical Hindi movie drama and of course, a horse ends the show. Sachin–Jigar’s musical score is quite pleasant to the ear and suits the story line. Riteish and Genelia’s sizzling on screen chemistry lifts up the otherwise drab and typical storyline.
To say I’m at my wits end doesn’t really cover it. And what is most ironic about this, I know that my stressing about the situation only makes the situation that much worse. It’s a self-fulfilling prophecy, and many days I wonder if the key to eating in general is to not care where I get the food from, but to just enjoy eating again.
toss the blueberries in the remaining 2 TBSP flour & fold into the batter. divide the batter between the 2 pans & smooth the tops of batter. sprinkle 2 TBSP sanding sugar onto the top of each loaf. Bake for 55-65 minutes or until a cake tester comes out with just crumbs. let cool in pans at least 15-20 minutes. turn out of pans & let cool completely on wire racks.
Along with the quilt for Grandpa, I also convinced my Mom to sew on binding for several other of my longest-time-in-the-UFO-cue-EVER small quilts. Now they are all finished too! I added captions to the photos so you can tell what the projects are, and as usual, click the image to get a much better view!
All of us are at some stage on the road to eternity. As believers we are assured of it. There are some who are content to remain at the starting point; content to live as they have been living all their life. Such a person truly is not even trying to fulfil God’s eternal purpose. Then there are those who haven’t even started out on that journey to heaven. They have rejected the idea that all are sinners even though Romans 3:23clearly states that “all have sinned and come short of the glory of God.” Having rejected that God-given fact, they also reject Romans 6:23, where it says, “The wages of sin is death but the gift of God is eternal life.”
Hello there,
Society tells us what the ideal body image is and until recently, with the influx of plus size models, that was size 0 without curves or blemish. Who really wears a size 0? Even plus size models are the ideal at size 14. As a woman with curves I have had to embrace my curves and really step into that but society alone is not to blame.
I know that God is the God of the second chances but this was my moment. To see beyond my embarrassment and open my heart. And I didn't.
14Blessed are they that do his commandments, that they may have right to the tree of life, and may enter in through the gates into the city.
Who is this guy, Mr. Efraim Diveroli?
With a new deck installed, the owners wanted to connect and extend their new outdoor living space further into the back yard and at the same time connect no less than seven different access points to the house and surrounding pathways. The challenge was to solve several problems with the site including a severe slope making maintenance an issue. Poor drainage causing erosion and runoff problems, and a lack of livable space in the back yard made for an existing landscape that wasn’t functional.
“When you boil it all down, the CDF’s complaints are trumped up, giving the U.S. bishops the excuse to act against a relatively independent Catholic voice that they don’t like—and a warning to others (perhaps such as Sister Carol Keehan of the Catholic Health Association) not to offer an alternative Catholic voice in the national debate. Sister Simone Campbell of NETWORK said it best, I think: ‘I think we scare them.’ ”
1 motionless
After the cake pops are dry (5-10 minutes), you can put them in decorative little cupcake papers or stand the pops up on a styrofoam block. They also make cute display boxes for them. I keep my cake pops cold, but that's just my preference. The cake pops last a long time in the fridge. For example, tonight (Thursday), I ate some from Kendall's party last Saturday, and they were still excellent! (cover with plastic wrap or keep in an air-tight container.
Alternate: Eric “A-rek” Matthew Dye
My mother used to push me, thank God for my mother, of cause thank God for my father he loved me but he was always in the farm. When other children are playing outside, my mother will ask me to seat down and study my books, and I will tell her other people are enjoying.
Bry and I hardly ever celebrated Valentine's day before children. Sure, there were a few nice dinners here or there, the occasional card or candy or cupcake, but nothing really over the top.
I love red meat. I scratch my balls every other minute. I drink beer… from the bottle. I watch porn. These are manly things, right? So, how is it that I am glued to my TV set every Sunday night, watching Drop Dead Diva… ON LIFETIME?!?!?!
It had stopped at 11.25, that much was easy to see, though I couldn't say how long it was before either of us noticed. I don't know if the quietly reassuring tick had stuttered and stilled while we slept upstairs, or while we sat watching other clocks in our different offices, hours away from home and each other.
Some Little Satan combat aircraft will attack Iran’s power lines with special-purpose munitions that use chemically treated carbon fibres to short-circuit transformers and switching stations to knock out Iran’s power grid.
But that’s not the case. Access to family doctors and specialists remains inadequate in much of the country. Common shared infrastructure, such as roads, bridges and sewers, is crumbling and requires every dollar Canadian taxpayers can afford. And businesses aren’t investing enough in productive R&D.
I have another chiro appointment tomorrow. My back does feel better after the first appointment, I should be back to rights after the one tomorrow. Yoga starts again on the 2nd, none too soon.
The Vermilion Local Schools is sponsoring a “Get Involved” evening in effort to create a drug-free community.
In this fabulous Ted talk, author Chimamanda Adichie discusses her own experiences with limited stories as a child, and how her own outlook changed and developed as she grew older and discovered other types of books that reflected the diversity of the world around her.
no longer do i feel like anything belongs to me.
Cranberry Wit
To sum up, Empire State is the most fun I’ve had reading a novel in a while! I love the guessing game it sucks you into, and if like me, you do love Fringe and Boardwalk Empire, there is no way you cannot like this! It’s everything you want out of a sci-fi novel and more, and I am desperately keeping my fingers crossed for a sequel, for this is one story that could definitely continue…
just as it was with you.
“You can’t ask me to do this, Laurel. I’m as good as gone if you do.”
Runner-Up: Mike Hess’s Haircut – surprisingly (especially to him) included a beard and eyebrow shave, remnant whisker *burning* with a fiery little broom implement, a neck massage and knuckle cracking (hands).
1/15/2012: We were out shopping and I became crabby at the wife and acted like a spoiled brat. The spanking was not a real blistering, it did make a point, though. Whenever she would take a break to scold me I found myself laughing: not at her, maybe I was jusy happy to be over her knee. Maybe she should have blistered the smile right off of my face, I don't know. When she was done spanking me she told me she was going to spank me everyday this week. "Ouch" is all I have to say.
Of course that does show the loyalty and adoration aspect of the sunflower I guess.
I am sure that Niueans are generally good sorts, but they do seem to have a bit of a problem with taste.
Why doesn’t anyone see my point of view? …I’m dealing with a whole family that wants me locked away.
That's when she did the unthinkable.
About half the nation’s states restrict municipal broadband. The N.C. Cable Telecommunications Association says local governments have an unfair advantage over Time Warner or other providers because they don’t pay taxes and consequently have significantly lower operating costs.
The rich-proud cost of outworn buried age
But probably not.
Anyhoo I have had some brilliant nights out, I keep putting in my dreads which I can now put in faster. It only takes me up to an hour
Stand 10.C41
Hope you have a wonderful weekend.
Thomas Dolby I scare myself UK
Many congratulations from everyone on the DT and please email us your details and we will let you know how to claim your prize. Please do not forget to grab your Challenge Winners badge too.
I should have went to another exit. I made assumptions about the group due to the time of day (8:00 a.m.). The men looked like college staff members because they were holding papers. The men were casually dressed. No one had an ID badge. My assumptions could have been incorrect.
It’s happened again. Some publisher has decided that the best way to promote a game about guns is to have a woman show off her boobs whilst holding some said guns.
Do you miss those seemingly endless “Bloggers vs Mainstream Media” debates that were ubiquitous not that long ago? Then you are probably overjoyed about the “Stats vs Watching The Game” debates that have taken their place.
Years after
I do have depression and wouldn't it be marvelous if Sleep Apnea was playing a significant role in it and will be possibly rectified by using the CPAP machine? I can only hope!!
This is a once in a lifetime opportunity to be part of building an effective, well-organized nationwide campaign to take back our freedom to make voluntary vaccination choices.
Hathaway plays Andrea aka ‘Andy’ Sachs, a graduate from Northwestern University, who somehow despite being totally wrong for the job – lands it. While we learn about the inner workings of the fashion industry, for Andy Sachs, she now finds herself right smack in the heart of what could be called the viper’s nest, or the lion’s den, or even dead center in the middle of a maze where an entire rat pack moves continuously at high speed. Her boss is the titular ‘Devil Who Wears Prada’, or said out of her hearing – The Dragon Lady.
The village the hand must cross
The next thing I remember was sitting straight up in bed, staring at the wall, and then opening my mouth.
There will be 3 employeer, one chief and one vice manager and one planning assistant. Chief will be my uncle, vice a friend, and assistant my cousin. Everyone have different task, but all task forward line back to me in different ways.
I wanted to join in the March sketch challenge at Some Odd Girl as I purchased some stamps from there a little while back, but hadn't had a chance to use them. These girls are super fun to colour! This one is called Gifty Gwen.
Religion, someone once said, is what goes through your mind as your plane taxis down the runway. It isn’t. What goes through your mind as your plane taxis down the runway is mortality. It’s aeronautics. It’s
Cecily can’t be bothered with boring things like the steep new tax or the military draft that requires Welshmen to serve in the king’s army overseas. She has her hands full trying to fit in with the town’s privileged elite, and they don’t want company.
Time for a new printer.
So I was able to tell her the story I had heard on the news just the day before of a woman who had feigned insanity (or irritating offness) to get off jury duty by dressing silly and behaving irresponsibly. Then she bragged about it on a radio talk show, the judge heard it, and now she's charged with perjury. She left her hair rolled in curlers of different colors, shapes and sizes, slathered on "excessive" makeup and dressed in mismatched shoes with holiday reindeer socks and a T-shirt emblazoned with, "Ask Me About My Best Seller," the affidavit said. (http://www.thedenverchannel.com/news/30732249/detail.html)Holly's math class is a self-paced thing, and she's getting A's, so she figures she can get ahead some, and tell the teacher she might need to miss some classes, and that it won't be a problem. She has a once-a-week mother's helper job, and that won't be hard to re-schedule if necessary. And they're paying jurors minimum wage now. That was news to me.
Even while my nerves are a wreck, I’m looking forward to seeing Coop on the mound, and Mitzi too, when she has her turn pitching for her softball team. And, just as I cheer them on, I’ll also be cheering for the other kids, even those on the other team.
Thank you so much for joining along with me for this week's challenge :) I hope you all head on over to visit Sheri (click HERE) to see complete details and leave her some love :)
Hopefully there's more impressive beer than these in the Saltaire line-up.
I can’t understand …. I can be quite obtuse at times I know, but for me the dalil (proofs) of having to put the headscarf are so many so why can’t we women still accept it easily? Why still an issue?
Amsterdam is home to the world’s first sex theatres, which are like regular theatres except instead of people delivering scripted lines they’re performing choreographed sex. Also they charge three times as much while saving a fortune on costumes & set design.
I have a disconnect between what I see in the outside world and how I see myself. I look in the mirror, and I think, “Not too bad. Not perfect, but not bad.” I like myself, and for the most part, I like the way I look. However, the scale and my clothing are reminders I need to lose some serious weight, and last month I finally listened. I’m on a good path, and I’ve dropped 6 pounds so far. Again, not bad. I’ve cut sugar from my diet, I’ve been feeling increasingly strong. Most shockingly, I’m actually enjoying working out. I put on my loose(r) pants and head out of the house knowing all of this, wearing my confidence like a must-have accessory.
During sound sleep, a healthy person produces a smaller volume of urine from the kidneys than during daytime. At the same time, more urine is stored during sleep than during the active, daylight phase.
Olivier, who was in the police van, said, “About 200 m from the police station I noticed the car pulling off the road, but I thought nothing of it. It’s the police after all.”
~Robert Morgan
I thought that I am strong enough,
The fighting mailman wins and helps repopulate the globe by impregnating another man’s wife. In the end, the United States is back and regular looking people are dedicating a statue to him. In essence, it’s like the end of civilization never happened. I just hope that Tom Petty got to keep his cool house on the dam.
- England: hand-made sugar plum Christmas tree with Criminally Bad Elf Barleywine 10.5% ABV
All paintings are (will be) 30x 40. That seemed big to me until I actually started painting the animals!
iPods & MP3 players
2) excessive use WILL kill you
Either by luck of the draw or by nefarious scheduling to facilitate my termination, I have three days off in a row this week. Today was day one.
Exactly the same thing is said of action -- good fight scenes are not REAL fighting.
And what lives when it dies and dies when it lives? The characters in this drama?
Shiner, TX 77984
This is a beer that I could somehow see my self sailing the seven seas with an eye patch and a peg leg with. Not in my top 10, but still good. Let me explain...
After they left the hospital, Tim told me that Joe was cleared after a few tests and was given pain meds before being discharged.
What will I add to my life? What will I let go of?
Meanwhile, for all of the fantastic names created by talented marketing teams, there is an immeasurable tower of cringe-worthy names. To start off, look no further then the name of Sprint’s iteration of Samsung’s Galaxy S II smartphone: the Sprint Samsung Galaxy S™ II, Epic™ 4G Touch. Really? Really? If you’re going to include all of that, you might as well have thrown in how much RAM it has, the size of its battery, and its screen resolution. I mean, the name is so ridiculous, it makes you wonder if Samsung and Sprint are collaborating on some evil joke.
It just drives me insane when people don’t do the right thing. How hard is it to apologize? If I hit someone’s car, I’d SAY something.
I don’t know when I’ll stop wanting, and I don’t know when you’ll stop creating.
I love a beautiful, tidy schedule! I love those neat homeschooling plans with each student in his proper place! (I really mean that; this is not sarcasm. I had tons of nifty neat-o forms for my Daytimer when I was working.) Alas, God knows I love those things and tend to make them idols from which I derive my self-image, so He has thoughtfully blessed me with a family and circumstances that make such plans impossible to live by. The more I have struggled to make them work for me, the more complications He has heaped upon me.
XXVI
like your disciples, metaphorically sleeping while you’re praying with such
45. Death Be Not Proud: John Gunther
“No—Friday.” My husband repeats. He has to repeat this twice; then, a third time.
-haven't bought one Christmas present yet
Skills: Anthropology 35%, Archaeology 40%, Driving 42%, Evaluate 35%, Hear 65%, History 76%, Influence 56%, Language (Dutch) 65%, Language (French) 55%, Language (Latin) 70%, Natural Lore 45%, Occult 20%, Research 85%, Wildwyck Lore
When I think of my grandmother and what she has meant to me over my 23 years of life I will always be grateful for the lessons she taught me, though not "traditional" important none the same!
3. Placemats are in use, rather than a carefully-starched and pressed tablecloth.
XXII
whose cab he takes. Maybe she could take his mind off Sam. If only she wasn't a tourist - a holiday romance is not what he needs right now. Or maybe it's exactly what he needs. But he's hardly likely to bump into her again in a city of eight million people, is he?
What do you think of the field? Any huge surprises?
The movie follows the lives of two men who would on any normal day not have crossed paths. One man is a quadriplegic aristocrat who sustains an injury during while paragliding and the other is a young man from the ghetto/hood/projects.
Now the papers are Echo Park apothecary and are Halloween papers really so I went to put them away until next year.. but when I looked at them I realised a lot can be used all through the year..
The visionless
Now I need to know..... I know if you break a mirror it's 7 years bad luck! I didn't hang the mirror, nor did I drop the mirror, so does that mean that I don't get those 7 years of bad luck? Do you actually have to break the mirror yourself to get the 7 years bad luck? If superstition is correct and I get the bad luck, with the size of that mirror, its going to be a massive 7 years, LOL.
I’d be lying if I said I wasn’t probably going to have at least one more glass of this, since it may be part of the Mellow Mushroom’s Beer Club 75 required beers. Yeah, I’ll get around to joining that at some point.
Please try to use as much of a 12x12 sheet of paper per layout. The idea is not to get 8 sheet make cutouts from one and keep the other 7 for yourself. Remember you paid for this, so did everyone else in the swap.
Let’s combine this with some empathy – and with relevance in communication.
it like a piece of toast too long
OL: Rokevious Watkins, South Carolina
4) Many scholars hold that Jesus was buried in a tomb that was discovered to be empty just a few days later;
Hershey’s Extra Large Bars 4-4.5oz 2/$2.98
The visceral nature of combat, though, may be the best part. Watching zombies ragdall as I Cleaved through them, hacking my way through barrels and watching the rings scatter across the floor, stomping the ground and seeing baddies stagger backwards...this is the visceral, full-bodied feel of a game that's never going to be tiresome.
Robert Tucker, Ph.D., D. Min., President of New Life Spirit Recovery, Inc. and President of Association of Christian Alcohol and Drug Counselors Institute, Huntington Beach, California
So I went into Mr Rand thingy and asked him to crank out a number for me with the lucky winner being Shirl from Creations by Shirl...Congratualations Shirl and thank you for all your lovely comments you always leave me..Please send me your slow mail address to 'bronwen_beekman at yahoo.com' so that I can arrange for your prize to be sent.
How have we arrived at a place where a basic service recovery job with the media, after a fatal POLAC, where one of our officers has effectively killed a young girl for no reason, becomes something we need to be rewarded for, while the family grieve alone? This story says everything about how today’s senior police officers see themselves, what they regard as success (i.e. in how they dealt with the media story) and more importantly, what they really think about “Citizen Focus“.
How I will turn over in bed, to face him,
darkness. They all originated from the same source, the devil, who is himself
So here I am...a total blogging virgin. I will try to not stumble around in here and make a colossal mess of what I believe has become an amazing outlet for so many. I will do my best to respect the standard :)
The submission deadline is September 25th. Email submissions to charee@g45papers.com. On September 26th all of the submissions will be uploaded to our Facebook photos and you will get to vote for your favorite submission by "Like"-ing it! Voting is from September 26th to 7am on Septmeber 30th. The TWO projects with the most likes win! Winners will be announced on Friday morning at 8am on our Facebook and on our blog.
thanks for popping in today!!
Emily found this great set of tray tables – with their original stand – at an estate sale we went to the other weekend.
To be sure, the Bush administration actively sought out legal justifications, and often engaged in outright legal chicanery, in an effort to provide legal shelter of torture and rampant human rights violations. While this may have been due to the diffusion of the justice norm, that provides little succor to the victims of human rights abuses. American unwillingness to participate in the International Criminal Court not only undermines that justice norm it arguably subverts it altogether. This also lends credence to those who argue that the International Criminal Court is simply a tool for powerful states to prosecute human rights violators in the periphery. Indeed, most of the ICC indictments have been aimed at African violators. The case of Syria’s bloodthirsty dictator, President Bashar Assad, also demonstrates the ineffectuality of the court. While the diffusion of the justice norm has likely engendered a general sense that Assad should be held individually criminally responsible, the absence of an indictment demonstrates that major powers, like Russia and China, are simply not on board with the Court when it contradicts their interests. As Ignatieff notes, “creating an international court was supposed to rescue the possibility of universal justice from revenge frenzies, political compromises, and local partialities of national justice. International justice turns out to be as much the prisoner of international politics as national justice is of national politics.” Ultimately, Sikkink demonstrates that there has been a clear emergence and diffusion of the justice norm, but there is still a long way to go before this norm is unassailable and categorical. While, I agree with Sikkink that individual criminal accountability has been an increasingly accepted norm in international politics, I am less sanguine about the power of this norm in the face of American noncompliance. American compliance would certainly play an important role in the true universality of the court. Until then, Latin America serves as the most successful and desired model for individual criminal accountability for human rights violators.
That's it for today! Hope you have a great one!
"Grandma and Mom, God is in my head."
Still, there is a new post on the horizon, and with a bit of luck, the correct phones being switched off and the bank refusing me money, that should be with you sometime this evening.
Heavy and strongly flavored, this beer may not appeal to those of a sensitive palette.
Tomorrow I will be back with yet another page. Hope to see you then!
The Kestenbaums wanted to build condominiums on the site, either with a tower or a large rooftop addition, plans that would have been impossible if the structure had been made a landmark. J.M.H.’s rental plans, by contrast, are not impeded by preserving the building.
The space holds a maximum of 35 guests at a time and has a no-reservations policy. Going at opening (18h00) means you'll enjoy the place in relative peace. Later it gets livelier with larger groups - and more fun with sound. The acoustics of the bubble are those of a whispering gallery: every conversation is amplified and sounds moves about the space in strange ways. Friendly doormen carefully monitor entries and exits via the two door system to make sure one door remains closed at all times. Apparently if both doors are open at once, the dome deflates!
Putting aside paranoia for a moment, you may observe, if you are observant, that in this whole Guardian “editorial” there was no mention of our former Prime Minister or of Britain’s actions in Sierra Leone in 2000/1 . That omission despite the fact that it is generally accepted and understood that only after the Blair government & its armed forces managed to stop the limb-chopping rebels did the war come to an end. Few doubt that without Blair agreeing to General David Richards belief that he could extend his ‘rescue Brits mission’ to defeating the rebels and saving Sierra Leoneans, those Charles Taylor-funded rebels would have gone on to kill and maim many thousands more. Compare our press telling of this tale to that of the USA where they make movies such as “Blood Diamonds” and even claim credit when it isn’t truly theirs.
I also welcome like-minded individuals to join me on this gratitude journey, as I would love to share some powerful ideas on how by working together we can make a huge difference.
#42. the ability to flip a semi truck tire
The counter-attack on Roe has been single vector and has not utilized any of the Leftist playbook strategies against things like smoking. Wait? Playbook strategies?
Before we move on lets look at a complete input tag, checkbox type:
Getting older usually means getting wiser, and a little darker.
Home-made decal sentiment
“Preheat the oven to 190°C/170°fan/gas mark 5. Put the muffin cases in the tins. Tip the contents into a large mixing bowl. Make a well in the centre and add two beaten eggs, 300ml milk and 100g melted butter. Mix quickly until just combined. Divide between the muffin cases and bake for 18-20 minutes. Best eaten within 24 hours and use within one month.”
Paired with nude fishnets or colorful leggings for a more daring bride, I think booties would add a welcome and surprisingly modern twist. Who's with me? Here's a few that are getting my bridal vote of confidence:
This whole scenario reminded me of Paul and Silas in prison. “About midnight Paul and Silas were praying and singing hymns to God, and the other prisoners were listening to them.” (Acts 16:25 NIV) They were beaten and thrown in prison and yet they praised God. They were singing away just enjoying themselves. They weren’t upset or downcast. They didn’t have bad attitudes were not sitting around feeling sorry for themselves. They took what was given to them and they offered praise to God. I would love to have that kind of joy. This story is just one instance where Paul lives out his conviction to be content in every circumstance. He and Silas were mistreated. They were beaten. They were thrown in jail and bound, yet they praised God. They sang to Him and as a result the earth shook and the prison doors flew wide open. God unlocked the door and they walked out. Hallelujah!
“Keep the thought of God’s abundance always in mind. If any other thought comes, replace it with that of God’s abundance and bless that abundance. Give thanks constantly, if need be, that the work is done. Do not go back again to the asking. Just bless and give thanks that the work is done, that God is working in you, that you are receiving that which you desire, for you desire only the good that you may give out the good to all. Let this be in silence and in secret. Pray to your Father in secret, and your Father who sees the secret of your soul will reward you openly.
`Cause I can look inside your head.
8. Relax your arms down to shoulder height, gently. They will be extended sideways, palms down. You will feel the movement of the tiny cords as they respond to your energy.
Just as John Woo's Bullet in the Head is a very obvious remake of Michael Cimino's The Deer Hunter (right down to its lighting setups), his The Killer is a less obvious remake of Teruo Ishii's An Outlaw and, of course, Melville's Le Samourai. I'd throw Nicholas Ray's truly amazing crime melodrama They Live By Night into the fray also.
The journey to a homebirth was not something easy to come by. There was a lot of though, a lot of planning, a lot of reflections going into the decision. It took an unsatisfied birthing experience to come to the conclusion.
Though many fans may have given up on Hewitt I have not. I like five tool players and a guy who can hit the long ball like Hewitt did last night and steal 36 bases like he did last season with Lakewood is still on my radar screen. He will be only 23 years old this coming Friday and remains a prospect in my mind. Last night he showed he can hit the ball a long way to the opposite field and can pull a ball down the left field line. His problems in previous seasons have been striking out too much and his fielding. Last night he put the ball in play each of his five at bats and caught three fly ball outs in right.
I revel in Your ever-lasting love
Friend: To get to Gravier, go out and turn right, then cross over to…..
5-6 potato (boiled and mashed)
1000 words
But Phil had other interests outside of business and CD-ROM compression. He had a burning desire to discredit the theories of one man, an evil tyrant whose ideas haunted Kramer to the bitter end:
How this plays out nationally will decide how we elect Member’s of Parliament at the next General Election. Instead of being considered as part of a carefully thought through debate, with all the arguments well known by both sides, the No campaign has focussed on Nick Clegg’s broken promises and the effect of AV on the BNP, whilst ehe Yes campaign has avoided Nick Clegg and concentrated on the BNP’s adherence to FPTP.
I am oh so happy this morning. Both the Senators and the Canucks pulled magic out of the hat last night and won their games. I watched both games — that’s a lot of hockey — and I was nearly apoplectic at times, but my hopes and dreams have survived intact.
The law of hatred, rebellion
Q: Can anyone get Lash Extensions?
Other gift ideas — Gifts for the hard-to-buy-for Dad
4) St. Louis Cardinals (19-11) K. Lohse (4-1, 2.11) @ Arizona Diamondbacks (14-17) W. Miley (3-0, 2.33), 8:40 pm
1 fined
A woman called to make reservations, “I want to go from Chicago to Hippopotamus, New York.”
MORE OR LESS POWERFUL?
So why were some of Sam's pasties tainted? In one entry for 10th July 1666, he indicates that a pasty made in his kitchen was sent to the bakers - "At noon home to dinner and then to the office; the yarde being very full of women (I believe above three hundred) coming to get money for their husbands and friends that are prisoners in Holland; and they lay clamouring and swearing and cursing us, that my wife and I were afeard to send a venison-pasty that we have for supper to-night to the cook's to be baked, for fear of their offering violence to it: but it went, and no hurt done." So it looks like Mrs Pepys occasionally tried her hand at making them herself. But a venison pasty was more often made by a cook on the estate where the deer had been hunted. A whole boned side was encased in a pastry crust (usually rye paste) so these pasties were very large. When cool they were stored in a larder, where under cold conditions they could keep for months. The thick pastry casing prevented bacteria from entering and causing decay, at least for a while. It was a process equivalent to canning. However, this technique of preservation sometimes failed, as Sam found out to his disgust at Penn's dinners. Pasties were often sent from the country seats where the deer had been hunted, frequently to London, where they were much appreciated as gifts. Some travelled great distances. There are sixteenth century records of these great pasties being sent to France. Sam and his neighbour William Penn probably got hold of them, as well as raw venison meat from noble friends who owned deer parks. Venison was not a meat you could normally buy from a butcher.
It wants the EDL to become political as that way they can ban it, arrest its leaders and send a signal out to angry white youth and patriots that ' the minute you dare protest about what is happening we will smash you and jail you '.
...do as the Wisconsinites do?
Write your description as if you don't have a photo there. Answer all the questions a buyer may have; what is it made of, how can I use it, how do I care for it? Always add the size of your item, ideally in cm as well as inches. For things like necklaces and bags, having a photo of the item being worn is excellent - a visual is always helpful.
We met up with our homeschool group at lunch and went on a 1.5km hike. I think it was further than that, but I'll have to see if the website for the place lists distances. Brianna and I enjoyed the hike so much we want to go back soon and often!
And the star-spangled banner in triumph doth wave
The reasons for the strong vote for the FN, are also likely to be the same reasons for the poor showing on the day of Melonchon. Although, the media have described Melonchon as the candidate of the Far Left, in fact, his programme has largely been a rehash of traditional Stalinist positions. Those Stalinist positions, which were summed up in the various "National Roads To Socialism", lean heavily on discredited, statist, reformist solutions, mixed in with a strong dose of Nationalism. Indeed, as Trotsky said, the accurate description of Stalinism is "National Socialism". In many ways the programme of Melonchon, was barely distinguishable from that of Le Pen.
Allen has made some tea
A real human being will be with you soon
The work by Skaletsky et al. (2003) shows that the Y chromosome is much more complicated than previously thought. This post was a bit longer and more technical than I really wanted, but laying down this background is important for the rest of the series. Just remember these key facts:
So the SIL & I have been conversing pretty routinely regarding the state of our uteruses (uteri?) and other such fertility stuff. We are having some pretty big issues w/the nurses at Dr. J's office (but more on that later) and I was telling her how I am ready for AF to come so I can get this cycle on the road. And she asked me "Are you nervous about going into this Fem.ara cycle?" And I have to tell you, like I told her, I am terrified. I am actually more nervous about this cycle then I was when we were TTC Lulu. She asked me why (since we had so many m/c before we had her) and I told her, now I know what joy, what a miracle having a baby is. How it changes your life. How much we stand to loose if this doesn't work out, or if we have another miscarriage. I don't understand why just being on the Glu.metza didn't work this time, why we have to move onto fertility drugs and treatments. I'm just at a loss. I figured if we had to go through RPL or IF again after Lulu, that it would be easier because we had done it before. I've learned over the past few months that IF is not something gets easier each time you have to experience it. I am so, so nervous about starting actual fertility treatments, and we aren't even doing any procedures. I want it to work so bad. I had been keeping it together really well, & it was nice to get it off my chest how scared and nervous that I am.
But “I don’t like the taste” always strikes me as being a particularly feeble rationalisation. Alcoholic drinks cover a huge spectrum of different tastes, and many don’t really taste “of alcohol” at all. For example, I recently tried some alcoholic root beer which was impossible to distinguish from the soft drink version. Have they really tried everything from Liebfraumilch to cask-strength Laphroaig and decided that nothing appeals? People may be vegetarian on principle, but you never hear them claiming that they don’t like the taste of meat, especially when it spans such a wide range of flavours from venison to oysters. Non-drinkers would be respected more if they were honest about their motivations.
According to presidential historian Davis Logsdon of the University of Minnesota, after eight years of George W. Bush many Americans find it “alienating” to have a President who speaks English as if it were his first language.
CERN of one of the major experiments looking for the Higgs Boson; an as-yet-undetected particle that is believed responsible for giving all other particles mass. Scientists offered a tantalising glimpse of a subatomic fragment sometimes called the “God particle” because it gives substance to all matter in the universe.
It might, as I explain below, turn out that Mr Sheridan’s decision to dispense with Counsel and to act for himself could let Mr Coulson off a hook he might otherwise have been on.
The move has come under criticism from various quarters who are possibly worried that the designation potentially means that now, as with other what are labelled terrorist groups and/or individuals, movement members can be snatched off the streets, detained indefinitely without access to legal advice, tortured, et cetera, et cetera.
This weekend there was a conference in Bristol all about Diana Wynne Jones. Not like the fanfests that are Harry Potter or Terry Pratchett conventions but but a proper academic conference dedicated to the work of one writer, which is a rare honour - especially in the children's book world. Sadly, in the end Diana herself was not well enough to attend, which must have been a disappointment for her as well as all those delegates and speakers gathered together.
Stamps: Pumpkin Patch
5. We will rest! This means even adults will either take a nap or for those who cannot nap (ME) we will lay still and read. We will have a big breakfast! The "big breakfast day" in our home used to be on Saturdays. Since it was Daddy home from work day...we would make lots of yummmmy things. But now this day will happen on the Lord's Day.
The precedent the NYC City Council should have set is that the skyline of New York City aspires to be and often is an elegant space and those attempting to add buildings to the skyline should seek to add elegance not enormous mediocrity.
and how the last several years I've become so very aware of being a grown up.
when you wanted love i cut my veins
In his stage wear, Elvis drew from Chinese, Aztec and Middle Eastern philosophies, donned karate inspired jumpsuits with Chinese dragons, Indian Tigers, Aztec sundials and all manner of viral and vibrant imagery from cultures across the globe and history.
The Children’s Holiday Party has lost it’s funding for 2011.
Europe-Ecology-the Greens (EELV) candidate Eva Joly won 2 percent, New Anti-capitalist Party (NPA) candidate Philippe Poutou won 1 percent and Workers Struggle (LO) candidate Nathalie Arthaud won 0.6 percent of the vote.
Ideology -- the mental error of trying to maintain "free trade" when the U.S. faces in reality a kind of ongoing trade war -- can only withstand reality only up to a certain limit, at which point the ideology, or illusion, collapses and great political energy is released. America could actually be pushed into a genuine change in ideology.
A gripping and griping read. Worth reading. Though not on a cruise.
Dedicated to these heartfelt themes, one day I got back to my fiction writing and realized I want to write for kids directly expressing all of my thoughts and visions through stories and characters. Thus this decision re-ignited my former love of reading great classics from my youth, and a thrill to return to what seemed my natural path - inventing the world as I see it.
